Brennan: Welcome one and all to Dimension 20! Our cast of players will assume the role of heroic adventurers embarking on a dangerous quest. Our story takes place in the world of Spyre. Spyre mostly conforms to your expectations for a world of swords and sorcery with one notable exception, and that's Elmville. Elmville is a little town in a nation called Solace. Solace may be home to elves, orcs, dwarfs, and gnomes, but it resembles more of a 1950s through 1980s America. There are several schools in Elmville, but our story begins at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, the world's premiere training ground for would-be heroes. Our story begins with six freshmen on their first day of school, and the first bell's just about to ring. Without any further ado, Dimension 20 proudly presents... Fantasy High!

My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. I'm the dungeon master for you guys this evening. We're gonna be playing a little bit of a tabletop RPG here with the CollegeHumor cast. Say hi, guys.

Brennan: We’ll all go ahead. Let’s just all say - This is Miss Emily Axford

Emily: Not today, but yeah.

Brennan: Zac Oyama.

Zac: Also not today.

Brennan: Siobhan Thompson.

Siobhan: I will refuse it, take it back.

Brennan: Lou Wilson?

Lou: I'll take it.

Brennan: Ally Beardsley.

Ally: Sure.

Brennan: And Brian Murphy.

Murph: As Riz Gukgak.

Lou: There it is.

Brennan: We're gonna be playing a little role playing game for you guys, thanks for coming and playing with us. This season marks the beginning of our adventure into the world of Fantasy High, where we ask the question that has long gone unasked: What would happen if John Hughes ran a game of a tabletop RPG? And we're gonna find out today. Swords, high school, puberty, magic, it's all coming together. We're going to descend to somebody's home, why don't we have this decided by a roll of the dice? That feels fine to me.

Lou: Oho, yes.

Murph: Sweaty palms.

Brennan: Hell yeah, we're gonna go downtown.

Ally: Yep.

Brennan: As the clouds part, a flock of gulls flies over the Marigold River heading down to an area of wealth and expansive taste. It's downtown Elmville, and we see that amongst the manors there is a colossal, gilded man o' war, a pirate ship, great and mighty, that has been dry docked and dragged out of the river, all the way up onto land and turned into a mansion. We see vast hedgerows and various bankers and also pirates dragging chests of gold up through hedge mazes and topiary and fountains, and we see, out on a little sort of clay patio: Lou, would you describe yourself for the other players?

Lou: Oh, of course, hello, I'm Fabian Aramais Seacaster, I'm a half-elf. I'm, of course, the son of the famous William Seacaster, the great adventurer who sailed the Celestine Sea, freeing slaves and raising up nations. I'm a fencer by trade, I also know how to glass blow and I'm quite good at calligraphy. And I am absolutely thrilled to be here at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, very excited to kind of start on my adventure of becoming an adventurer much like my father, that I may too, one day, take up the mantle of the Seacaster name and sow my heroism across Spyre.

Brennan: You're out on a lovely day. You wake up early in the morning, you had a great green protein shake made by your halfling maid Cathilda, and you're out on the patio with your fencing instructor, Herzon, practicing.

Lou: Fantastic.

Brennan: There's the sound of swords and sabers ringing off of each other, Fabian, what does your character look like so that we know?

Lou: I'm 6’1”, white hair, a relative--like a thinner, like a very, how would you say...

Brennan: Lean, athletic?

Lou: There you go. Lean muscle, that's what I was looking for.

Emily: Ooh, hello.

Lou: Very lean muscle, very dextrous, but also incredibly strong.

Emily: Ooh, you thinking soccer player or swimmer?

Murph: So like a swimmer's body?

Lou: Yeah. A real Michael Phelps type.

Emily: Oh okay, shoulders, hello.

Lou: For those of you at home.

Zac: Picture Michael Phelps with a sword.

Ally: And white hair.

Siobhan: Such a tiny sword in comparison to the size of his body.

Brennan: As Herzon and you fence, your mother, Hallariel Seacaster, a high elf with beautiful long flowing hair and sort of, kind of like a fusion kimono, some kind of silk garment -

Emily: Oh my god. I love her.

Brennan: - hanging off one shoulder. As an elf, she's immortal, so she looks about as you just like early 20’s, even though she's about 200 years old. She has just a huge goblet of wine, it's about 9:30 a.m. in the morning.

Lou: Oh, mama.

Brennan: She goes,

Hallariel: Darling, you look wonderful, are you winning the fight, 'cause I don't -

Fabian: Oh mama, Herzon is really giving it to me today, but don't worry, I'll best him yet.

Hallariel: Herzon, you let my boy win. Let him win, my sweet boy, sweet boy.

Fabian: Herzon, don't you dare take it easy on me, all right, I need to be strong.

Herzon: Of course, I would never take it easy on you. You are a champion, you have the gift of your father.

Fabian: Yes.

Brennan: You hear a voice say,

Bill Seacaster: Did someone mention the man of the house?

Fabian: Oh, Papa!

Brennan: Stomping out of a gold archway is the most piraty fuckin' pirate you ever seen in your life, tri-corner hat, eye patch, saber at his side, a long coat. In this weird 1950s suburb, he sticks out like a fuckin' sore thumb. Your father made his wealth by means that some call heroic and others would call… uh, evil, but those are, anyone's gonna talk about someone who's achieved greatness. He swaggers out onto the patio and says,

Bill: My dear darling boy, there he is! The apple of my eye, my pride and joy!

Fabian: Oh, Papa.

Brennan: He grabs your head and kisses you on both cheeks and goes,

Bill: Now, today is your first day of school, all right. Now, I never had much in the way of book learnin', never was raised in no school of any kind, so, here's what you do on your first day, all right? Now I've asked around. You find the biggest and meanest man there.

Fabian: Yes, Papa.

Bill: Go up to him, and you drive your fist hard and strong right into his stomach and send him to his knees!

Fabian: Yes, Papa! That's what I'll do, just like you would've done if you ever went to school.

Bill: That's right, my sweet boy. Now, I have a little present for you, if you're so inclined.

Fabian: Oh, Papa.

Brennan: You see he reaches into a bag and pulls out a red and white Aguefort letter jacket for the bloodrush team, the Aguefort Owlbears.

Fabian: Ah, Papa!

Brennan: He hands it to you and says,

Bill: Oh my boy, my sweet boy! Now, technically, you're not on the team yet. They're going to have some informal tryouts today, mainly for people that are comin' back and have played earlier this season. Now, you're a freshman, but I've had a little bit of a conversation with Coach Daybreak, who is the coach of the Owlbears over there, and I understand he'll be accommodating you in terms of a tryout today.

Fabian: Oh, fantastic, Papa. Thank you so much, I mean, the tryout’s just a simple formality, I mean, we both know that I have the skills to be a champion.

Bill: Of course, are you--of course! You're my son, you're a direct reflection of me.

Fabian: Yes!

Bill: You and your glory is the same as my glory.

Fabian: Yes it is!

Bill: That's how we relate to each other.

Fabian: Exactly, Papa!

Bill: That's our goal -

Fabian: Yes!

Bill: Now, in addition to your skill and your talent and your raw power as a master of combat, I've also paid a handsome sum of money to Coach Daybreak, a bribe.

Fabian: Ah.

Bill: A bribe.

Fabian: Well, of course.

Bill: An illegal bribe.

Fabian: I would do the exact same -

Bill: Of course.

Fabian: I would have done it if you hadn't.

Bill: What do we say is the relationship between luck and talent?

Fabian: 500 gold pieces.

Bill: Ah, my sweet boy! I love you.

Fabian: I love you.

Bill: I love you.

Fabian: I love you.

Brennan: You see, he grabs your head and kisses you on the forehead and he looks over. You see that your mom is just, literally, winking at Herzon and waving over at him -

Emily: Oh my god, I love her!

Brennan: - and you see he goes,

Bill: My darling wife! I'll be dead in the grave and she'll still be alive.

Fabian: I know that, Papa.

Bill: You know I'll die before you, long before.

Fabian: Yeah.

Bill: The elven blood in you.

Fabian: You tell me every day.

Bill: Time ticks away, grain of sand by grain of sand.

Fabian: Yes, Papa. Yes, of course, of course it does.

Bill: We cannot live forever. So what must we do to live forever? Write our name on the face of the world with our heroic deeds.

Fabian: Yes, yes, of course, Papa. Write my name on the face of the world with heroic deeds, yeah, I will.

Bill: Good, that's all, that's all it is.

Fabian: Okay, great, thank you.

Bill: Now get yourself to school.

Fabian: Okay, thanks, Papa.

Brennan: We are going to cut now to another one of our brave adventurers. Oh boy, oh boy! We're gonna cut over now to the neighborhood of Elm Valley.

Brennan: Oh Lord, save us! We are cutting over to Elm Valley now, where we're going to go and meet our wonderful friend. It's her first day of school at Aguefort, it's Kristen Applebees. Kristen Applebees, you're in your bedroom right now, you've got an emblem of a cob of corn in praise to Helio, the god of corn, and his father, Sol, the god of the sun. You have been touched by his spirit divine. You have been sent to this world to share the healing power of your god, amen!

Ally: It's true.

Brennan: You see, describe your character, and what they look like, what their room is like, what's kind of going on.

Ally: Yeah, Kristen Applebees is always wearing a tie-dye shirt from a summer camp that she went to, like a religious summer camp. She has red hair, freckles, she's like, was made for camp. She walks around with her leather Bible that has her name engraved on the cover. She's always holding it. And yeah, she's big into the corn god.

Brennan: You hear a bunch of noise. You have a one story, kinda like ranch house, a little, that kind of like, Elm Valley is a super conservative neighborhood. Out in the living room there's a sofa and a playpen for your little brothers. You hear your little brothers, Bucky, Bricker, and Cork are all out, just rolling around on the ground. Their school starts a little bit later than yours does. And you hear your dad, Mac, and your mom, Donna, yelling out there, saying,

Donna: I swear to God, Bricker, if you don't give your dad back his halberd you're not gonna be able to play when you get home, all right? Now say your prayers, wash your hands and get ready to get to school!

Brennan: You hear a knock on the door. And you hear the voice of your mom say,

Donna: Kristen, you up in there? You almost ready to go to school sweetheart?

Kristen: Sure am. I'm, I just finished praying.

Brennan: You see the door opens, and you see your mom leans her head in. Your mom's sort of a thickset woman. She's got those little sort of short-sleeved mom shirt and the shorts. She's got some hiking boots on. Your mom and dad are human paladins. They work for the border patrol, going and making sure that people from the Mountains of Chaos and monsters don't get in. You see your mom says

Donna: All right, say your prayers to the corn god, Helio, praise be.

Kristen: I am. I'm almost done. Just another hour.

Donna: All right, okay, we're gonna be pretty late if you were gonna do a whole hour.

Kristen: I, okay, I guess I can; everything is a form of prayer, so I guess I'll just go. Let's go.

Brennan: You see your mom gets a little misty eyed and she says,

Donna: Oh, sweetheart, I am so glad that you were chosen and Pastor Amelia is so proud of you. Listen, it's not too late for us to send you to Sun Peak to go train with the -

Kristen: No, Mom! I wanna rub shoulders with real people. I wanna go to parties and dump my beer down the sink and refill the beer can with water so no one feels weird around me.

Donna: Gotcha. Look,

Brennan: You see, she says,

Donna: Look, Helio asks us to live a pure life, right? I just, you're gonna be goin' to a school with elves and -

Kristen: Mom, I think your and dad's stance is racist.

Donna: I, okay.

Kristen: You're only for humans who look like you, have you ever looked at all your friends, Mom? Do any of 'em look different?

Donna: How can I be racist against an elf? I never met one! I never met, I don't even know an elf!

Kristen: Exactly, you've never met one.

Donna: Okay, okay, so this is -

Kristen: You know what? If Helio was here right now, he would pop out of a corn husk, he would pop into a million different pieces of himself, and he would spread those pieces around to all parts of the city. He wouldn't just be hangin' out here.

Donna: I, I, I, I, I, okay. You know, I'm not smart enough to go toe to toe with you Kristen. I'm a simple woman, and you know, I haven't read the book as close, I'm not chosen, so -

Kristen: You're really smart, Mom, okay? I love you and I think you're really smart, and I think you're relying on “I don't know” very much, and I wanna hear you never say that again.

Brennan: You see that your Dad pokes his head and says,

Mac: Everything all right in here? We're about to head out, or -

Kristen: Yeah, we're fine, I'm gonna go meet all my elf friends.

Mac: The hell? You got elf friends already? What the hell happened -?

Kristen: I hope so! I hope I don't even have one human friend.

Donna: All right, well you know everything, you can talk to Helio, so you know, you would know.

Brennan: You get piled into a station wagon. You can see your little brothers bouncing around in the backseat. Your dad turns the elemental rune key that starts the engine up and you guys start heading off. You see your brother, Cork, who's your littlest brother and he goes,

Cork: You goin’ to 'Venture School?

Kristen: Mmmhmm.

Cork: You gonna fight a dragon?

Kristen: I hope so.

Cork: Really?

Kristen: Mmmhmm.

Cork: You're so cool.

Kristen: Thanks. Do you want a tissue? Do you wanna a wet nap? Do you wanna tissue?

Cork: Huh? I'm good.

Kristen: No.

Cork: I've got a crayon up there.

Kristen: What?

Cork: I got a whole crayon.

Kristen: You have a whole crayon in your nose? Here. Oh god! Jesus.

Brennan: You see that a small bit of light covers his nose.

Donna: What, you heal your brother back there?

Kristen: Yes.

Donna: Well, you know what? I got no worries about you.

Brennan: You guys take off! Ooh baby, here's the next one.

Brennan: Do you feel it?

Murph: Oh, okay.

Brennan: So, it's pretty early. It's a misty gray kind of morning over in Little Branch. Little Branch is the area of town where the small folk live. There's a lot of miniature houses over there, and we see over in a little corner of a neighborhood, sort of far away, there's a tree, and it's a tree with a little door in it and there's little windows and little pulleys and kites and all kinds of things of gnomish make, clever little contraptions and wonderful things and, there, in the middle of the tree, standing up from a bed that fills up the entire tree at almost, sort of a slant, even, the face sort of pressed up against the windowsill, is Gorgug Thistlespring. Gorgug, can you tell us sort of what you look like and what you're doing right now?

Zac: Uh, yeah. I'm Gorgug, I'm 14. I'm six feet, four inches tall. I'm a lot bigger than this house that I'm in. I kinda don't have a lot of friends. I'm not good, really, at talking to people. I like keeping to myself and just sort of drawing or something or listening to music. I'm adopted, by the way, uh, my parents are little gnomes, umm, and I'm a lot bigger than them. Last night I broke my bed in my sleep. Again. I just like to keep to myself.

Brennan: Well, Gorgug is there in his gray hoodie. He's got his headphones on, listening to some music.

Murph: Evanescence, no doubt.

Brennan: You see that it's pretty early and you see that coming in from the workshop, your adoptive mom and dad, Digby and Wilma Thistlespring are tinkerers, and you see they come in. Your dad's kinda got these like mutton chops and he's bald. He's got these sort of goggles on. Your mom's kinda like the little, sort of, workshop bandanna around her head, and they both have aprons on and have their little curly, pointed shoes. You see your dad and mom both walk in, and your mom goes,

Wilma: Well, hey there, sweetie, you're already up.

Gorgug: Yeah, I got up pretty early. I broke my bed again.

Wilma: Oh, sweetheart, that's no problem! Aww, and on the first day of school.

Brennan: You see that your dad immediately goes over and starts doing some gnomish spell, takes up a hammer and starts mending it with magic, and you see he says,

Digby: Hey, you know what? Sometimes a thing gets broken, and when you rebuild it, it's stronger for it, you know? A lotta things are like that. You put a sword in a steel forge, you gotta beat the hell outta that thing to get it nice and hard and sharp, you know? Breaking things isn't bad.
 
Gorgug: I mean, you keep saying that, but I keep breaking things.

Digby: It's always good, it's always good that you're break, you know -

Gorgug: I had a weird dream where I got really mad, and then I woke up and my bed was broken.

Digby: Okay.

Gorgug: So you guys have dreams where you're mad all the time?

Brennan: You see that Digby and Wilma look at each other and go,

Wilma: Well, sure, sure.

Gorgug: Really? I was just thinking about, I've never seen you mad.

Wilma: Well, you didn't see me when your old Pa here dropped a screwdriver on my dang thumb. I was fit to, you know, I said, “Hey,” you know, “watch it, buster!” He really got it.

Gorgug: You were so mad and you said, “Hey, watch it, buster”?

Wilma: Well, yeah.

Gorgug: I feel like my insides are boiling.

Wilma: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Gorgug: When I'm mad. I'm not mad right now.

Wilma: Okay, that's, hey, you know what? Everybody gets mad sometimes, and you know, one thing you can think about when you're going to school is “Hey, things aren't going my way, I'm getting pretty PO'd. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna sing a song.”

Gorgug: Sing a song?
 
Brennan: Your mom grabs a little harp and your dad grabs a little ukulele and they start sort of harmonizing, and they go like,

Thistlesprings:
When you feel a little mad
It's probably because you really feel sad
Just remember your mom and dad
And then you'll start to feel real glad

Gorgug: - real glad.

Wilma: That's right.

Digby: That's right, bud, so just sing that song around the other high schoolers if you start feeling upset.

Gorgug: Okay, I gotta go.

Brennan: You see, Gorgug, you walk out, you see your mom by the door, hands you a little tin flower. And you see, she says,

Wilma: Now, another thing, that back at Oakshield you had, you know, it was a little bit of a hurdle trying to, it was a bit, we had a little bit of a hard time trying to make pals, right? But making pals is just like making a flower, you know, you think -

Gorgug: It's just like making a flower?

Wilma: Sure, everything's just like something else. You just -

Gorgug: Please don't sing another song.

Brennan: You see your dad softly puts his ukulele, put that down, you see your mom goes,
        
Wilma: Well, with a flower, you think, “Hey, what should that thing look like? And how would I make it, and what would I do?” And you're thoughtful, and then, and then you're real careful with it, and then you put the work in and you put the elbow grease in and you do it with love the whole time. And if you just go be yourself, be your great good self with your great big heart, I just know you'll make some friends, bud.

Gorgug: Okay, thank you, Mom. I'll go to school and I'll try to make a friend today.

Wilma: Maybe give ‘em the flower!

Gorgug: I don't -

Wilma: Maybe give ‘em the flower! You know -

Gorgug: Thanks for the flower.

Wilma: That could make a friend.

Gorgug: I'm gonna buy a friend with a flower?

Wilma: Well, it's not buying - a gift isn’t buying, you know? A gift isn't buying something. You know, when you give someone a compliment, is that buying someone something? You give someone a smile? Give someone a smile? You ever do that?

Wilma: Wow, yeah, them tusks, them tusks are really comin' in, bud.

Gorgug: They're so big.

Brennan: We're going to cut now, let's see here, ooh boy. We will now go little bit north of here to Clearbrook.

Murph: Oh my goodness.

Brennan: Here in the neighborhood of Clearbrook, we now venture through the lofty woods and the shaded streets to the Abernant residence, where we find ourselves at the breakfast table with Mr. Angwyn Abernant, Mrs. Arianwen Abernant, Miss Aelwyn Abernant, and Miss Adaine Abernant, at a small breakfast nook with crystalline windows, small spinning elven pylon of pure runic magical energy, small unseen servants, little air elementals whisk eggs and tea and other things like that to the table back and forth. You see that your father, the elven diplomat from Falinel, reads the paper and ruffles it. Your mother, a professor at Hudol, looks down at her tea and goes over her curriculum for the day, and your older sister, prim, proper and perfect in her Hudol uniform, sits next to you. Describe your character to us, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: I'm Adaine Abernant, I'm the daughter of the elvish ambassador. I was at… Hudol, but unfortunately, I failed the entrance exam to get into the upper school because I had... a little bit of a panic attack. But Aguefort's good too, Aguefort's, I'm happy to be at Aguefort, that's good. It's like actually, I'm better at the practical applications of magic anyway, and I'm good I, I, I, it's good, I'm excited to go.

Brennan: So at the table, you see that your father sort of ruffles the paper and says,

Angwyn: Hoo, ghastly business, that. I'm sure this will come out at our next meeting at the council, it's dreadful, that's really dreadful.

Adaine: I hate it when you do that.

Angwyn: What's that?

Adaine: You say a thing is dreadful but you don't say what it is.

Angwyn: Do you want to know?

Adaine: I don't know!

Angwyn: Adaine, an inquiring mind is one that sees before it the opportunity for knowledge and strives to move forward. Your sister, Aelwyn, for example, I trust that when she wants to know something she will ask. That's the mind of a researcher rather than sort of the responsive, more... visceral attitude of a practical caster, you understand.

Adaine: If you really wanted us to know things, you'd get us papers ourselves, except you sit here and you say, “Oh gosh, terrible! Oh drat! What a thing!” and then I have to ask you, instead of you saying, “Oh look, here's some actual practical information that you might want to know.”

Brennan: You see, your sister says,

Aelwyn: I get the paper on my crystal, do you not? I get it on my crystal.

Adaine: I'm not allowed a crystal because I failed the entrance exam.

Aelwyn: That's right. You're not allowed a crystal. Well, I'm sure if you kill a hobgoblin maybe you'll... What are the sort of things they do at Aguefort? I'm not sure.

Aelwyn: It's an honest question. Do you kill hobgoblins at this -

Siobhan: I cast Ray of Sickness underneath the kitchen table.

Brennan: You see your sister goes and vomits all -

Adaine: Oh dear. I mean, I think that maybe my sister is too sick to go to school today -

Angwyn: Now, now, children. No offensive spell casting at the nook. That's going to take a whole prestidigitation to clean up. Arianwen, do you want to do that?

Arianwen: Very well, Father.

Brennan: Your mother swirls her hand and says,

Arianwen: Adaine, I don't understand why you and your sister can't simply get along?

Adaine: Why don't you ask her? Why do you always ask me?

Arianwen: Well, I don't know, I don't choose to examine that. I'm rather busy, I'm trying to get this curriculum today.

Adaine: Yes, of course, you're rather busy for me.

Brennan: You see that she looks over at your father, immediately ignoring that very pointed statement that you just made, and says,

Arianwen: Dear, do tell me what you see in the news.

Brennan: He says,

Angwyn: Well, the Elven Oracle has died in a shipwreck. Very dreadful business. On her way from Fallinel to Bastion City, looks like her ship, the Cerulean, just went down. Dreadful affair. Ought to be dealing with that. I'm sure the arch magi will have no end of talking about what's to be done. Terrible.

Adaine: She can't have been that good an oracle if she didn't see the storm coming.

Arianwen: Adaine!

Adaine: I, what, why?

Brennan: You see, Aelwyn goes,

Aelwyn: Now, really, Adaine, that's much too much. Oh God, this stinks.

Adaine: I'm just saying.

Brennan: Your sort of breakfast includes, your father gives you a very chaste kiss on the head and your sister. You see your mother gets up and says,

Arianwen: I trust that you girls will see yourselves...

Brennan: She says,

Arianwen: Aelwyn, if you'd like to take the car you can do that, and Adaine, I understand that there's a bus that goes to Aguefort?

Adaine: I mean, other people's parents might have found that out for them.

Arianwen: Well, I think this is a very wonderful time for you to apply some of your divination casting, perhaps gaze into a crystal ball, see if the bus is coming to a certain place. That's sort of the thing they value there, isn't it?

Adaine: Very well, I shall find my own way to school.

Arianwen: That's my good girl.

Brennan: She kisses you on the head. You get your stuff and get ready to head out. You've got kind of this little prep uniform as well. Your father walks over to you and says,

Angwyn: Oh, Adaine, before you go, I'd like to give you something.

Brennan: You see he takes this big crystal orb out from a satchel, you see he says,

Angwyn: This is an arcane focus that an old friend of mine, a warcaster from the military in Fallinel employed for his spellcasting. I've had no use for an arcane focus, but I understand you'll be spellcasting under adverse conditions, so perhaps it would be of some use to you.

Adaine: Thank you, father.

Angwyn: Oh, you're very welcome. Here you are.

Adaine: It's very, it's very big.

Angwyn: What's that?

Adaine: Thank you.

Angwyn: Why would it be impractical to fight with a two foot diameter orb? Wouldn't a large orb, it helps you focus the spell energy. I'm trying, Adaine, I really do try my best. I don't know what to tell you, Adaine, this is a touching gift from a friend of mine. You don't like it, you can give it back, that's fine.

Adaine: No, I, thank you, thank you, Father. I'll put it in my backpack. I guess.

Angwyn: I don't think it'll fit, but try your best.

Adaine: Then I will, I'll carry it in my hands to school on my first day of school. I'm sure it will make a great impression with these new people.

Brennan: You see that your father ducks away. You and Aelwyn start walking, and you see that she looks over at you, and she says,

Aelwyn: That was a mean trick with the vomit and all that, I don't ever cast spells at you.

Adaine: Yes you do, all the time.

Aelwyn: Well, mine are always funnier, you know, they have an ironic sort of twist.

Siobhan: I cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter.

Brennan: Make a saving throw, if you'd be so kind, for Tasha's Hideous Laughter.

Siobhan: Oh.

Brennan: What'd you roll?

Siobhan: A 4. Do I have points to add to it, that -

Emily: Does she reverse it at her?

Brennan: That she does.

Emily: Oh, ho ho ho! That's badass. Sorry, your sister’s a fucking badass.

Siobhan: So I’m just going into school laughing like a crazy person.

Murph: Your sister is so cool.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Lou: I love your sister.

Emily: Your sister’s so smart and quick.

Ally: Your sister’s so cool.

Emily: And on top of it, her, her uniform is just slightly better fitting.

Brennan: Make a Wisdom roll for your Wisdom save.

Siobhan: 4, plus wisdom.

Brennan: Plus wisdom, 4’s not gonna do it.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You start cackling like a lunatic. I’m also gonna need to have you make a wisdom saving throw for your panic attack condition.

Siobhan: 20. 18 plus 2.

Brennan: 18 plus 2. Cool, so you don't go into a panic attack but you do start laughing like a lunatic. You see, she says,

Aelwyn: See, for example, I just said that my spells were funny, and I've turned your laughter spell back on you, which is both ironic and funny, which are the two things that I said my spells are like. And I didn't even have to use a spell slot, isn't that something-

Adaine: I'm going to learn so many spells and screw you, this is my only game in going to this school, to find a group of people to destroy your fucking life.

Brennan: You see she says,

Aelwyn: I'm sure you will, you're going to join one of those little arcane secret societies, go voodoo -

Siobhan: I punch her in the face.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack roll.

Emily: Did you use up all your spell slots on your sister?

Murph: You just die in your opening.

Siobhan: 3.

Brennan: 3, you, boy, your skinny elven fist biffs right past her face, and she says,
 
Aelwyn: That sort of pure brute physical violence, I'm sure that'll earn you all sorts of credit at this school for brawling, that's lovely. Well done,

Brennan: You see she says,

Aelwyn: Could I, before you injure yourself by trying to attack me, could I just be very clear about something? Look -

Brennan: She says,

Aelwyn: I, it's awful that you got kicked out of Hudol. It's awful, it doesn't reflect well on our family, but that's not even the reason.

Siobhan: I punch her in the face again.

Brennan: Go for it again.

Siobhan: 8.

Brennan: 8. She says,

Aelwyn: Really, stop! What's to gain at this point by throwing punches?

Adaine: The game is me hitting you in the face.

And so she says,

Aelwyn: I'm trying to help.

Adaine: No, you're trying to help yourself.

Aelwyn: You know, look, all right, and just let me do, I'm trying to do a nice older sister thing for once. Can I do it, can I do that?

Adaine: Can you?

Aelwyn: Good grief, all right. Look, Aguefort doesn't work like Hudol, all right, so all the things about grades and tests and practicals and exams and all that, that's all out, it's a nonsense place. It's all topsy turvy there, all right? They look differently on the sort of things that they value there, so the things that really really work for that academy are, sort of, things that would be insane to do at Hudol. I heard that one of the best ways to get into an arcane society was to steal a book from the restricted section on your first day, that that's something that they look at as, I don't know, some kind of adventurer's initiative or it shows, I don't know, gumption?

Adaine: I don't want to take any more advice from you, 'cause you probably couldn't even get into Aguefort. Just because you're good at Hudol doesn't mean -

Aelwyn: I couldn't get into Aguefort?

Adaine: That you'd be good at Aguefort.

Aelwyn: I could get into Aguefort.

Adaine: You'd be terrible at Aguefort.

Aelwyn: I'd turn that whole school around, brick by brick. I'd lift it up in the air -

Adaine: You're too scared to try. You're too scared to try.

Aelwyn: I am proper and well-behaved and well-mannered.

Adaine: Meh, meh, meh, meh.

Aelwyn: So I don't care to engage in this anymore.

Adaine: Meh, meh, meh, meh, meh.

Aelwyn: All right, fine, go on your first day, get partnered up with some sort of barbarian, go out into the wilds and get killed on your first adventure, see what I care?

Adaine: Good, I shall.

Brennan: You see she turns and walks away.

Emily: Whoaaa.

Lou: Tension.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Ba-ba-bum, we now go over to,

Ally: Oh yeah, oh yeah.

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Welcome to Ballaster, which is kinda like more rundown, more seedy kinda place, kinda bad part of town. You see Strongtower Luxury Apartments, with the luxury kind of arcano-crystal flickering, so it just goes ke-ke-ke, Strongtower Apartments. We see that there is a small bedroom and basically, a kind of retrofitted, it's in a one bedroom apartment with a kind of cordoned off bed in the living room with a fake drywall around it. Very small apartment. And we see that there is, sun's just coming up, there's some smoke coming from some burning thing on the oven, and there's a little bit of coffee in a mug. A very sparse, spartan kinda place, and we see Riz Gukgak. Brian, go ahead and describe Riz for me, if you'd be so kind.

Murph: Yeah, so I'm Riz Gukgak. My nickname in middle school was Briefcase Kid. I'm a goblin, and I don't have a lot of friends even though I'm pretty social, which is weird. My only real friend is this halfling named Penny Luckstone who, technically my babysitter, I had a babysitter until I was 13, but she recently went missing, and my mom is a detective and I'm a licensed private investigator, so I am gonna find Penny myself.

Brennan: So it's early morning, I assume you've been up all night working your case.

Murph: I've got my board. It just has the missing girls all just pointed at the school.

Emily: Eww! That's so creepy to have in a little boy's room.

Ally: Just have a board of missing girls.

Murph: He's trying to find them.

Emily: Whatever, creep.

Ally: Yeah, whatever.

Murph: You're not here, you're not here, none of you are here.

Ally: You know, you take breaks and kiss a pillow.

Emily: “Oh, Penny, babysit me.”

Murph: Riz is there not kissing a pillow. Just being a private investigator.

Brennan: You see that it's early in the morning, you're kind of looking at the board. It's a lot of, it's a really nice board, you’ve got the yarn and everything. It's kind of sparse clues-wise, it's sort of just the pictures and the dates where they went missing and stuff like that.

Murph: I’m trying to move it around to make it different, but I only have like five clues.

Brennan: You see that the door opens and your mom, Sklonda Gukgak walks in. Skonda is a classic goblin, she's got sort of green skin, yellow eyes, the big ears that come out to each side, but has got that classic mom haircut, you know what I mean? Kinda like the bangs and the kind of bob or whatever? Dressed with the, sort of white shirt, she's got an underarm holster for a little arquebus, dress shoes, she's always gotta have the badge hangin' off of the belt there. You see that she opens the door, walks in. She's been gone all night working. And you see, she walks in and she goes,

Sklonda: Oh, Riz, sweetie, are you, you're up? What are you doin'?

Riz: I kind of, I got some sleep. I slept for four hours, we said four hours was the minimum.

Sklonda: Four hours is the minimum.

Riz: I got four hours of sleep.

Sklonda: Okay.

Riz: And I got up a couple times to work on the board, but for the most part, four hours of sleep.

Sklonda: Sweetie, you know that it's not great that you're doing this, right?

Riz: Well, they're missing, mom.

Sklonda: Why does this say licensed private investigator?

Riz: Well, it says “un-”, it's little, but it's legal.

Sklonda: Looks like a smudge, oh, sweetie, that's, that's -

Riz: Technically legal.

Sklonda: - really skirting the line with a lie.

Riz: But, overall, okay.

Sklonda: I, look, sweetheart. You’ve gotta lotta gumption, but we have detectives that are working, actually we have one detective working this case, but -

Riz: And I can be your man on the inside.

Sklonda: Man on the inside?

Riz: Yeah, that Ague-- the school, right? That's where, the girls all went to the school.

Sklonda: Yes, they all went to Aguefort.

Riz: And that's the clue that I have.

Brennan: She looks at your one clue, that they all went to Aguefort, she says,

Sklonda: Okay, you could throw a couple more clues on there, that's a probable thing, we could, you know -

Riz: Just read a newspaper?

Sklonda: Yeah, we'll just read a newspaper, the dates, right, what kind of circumstances, last seen, last person seen.

Riz: That's why it's good to have you around, Mom.

Sklonda: Why am I encouraging this? Don't do this. Oh god, okay, you've eaten? Are you hungry, want something to eat?

Riz: Um, I had coffee.

Sklonda: That's not food, sweetie.

Riz: I haven't eaten, okay, I could use something.

Sklonda: Okay, I'm gonna go get something, what do we have?

Brennan: You see she opens the fridge, it's empty. She goes,

Sklonda: Oh yeah, I gotta go shopping.

Brennan: You see that she opens the thing and there's some cereal. She takes a little thing of cereal out, pours two bowls, pours some milk in. You see that there's not enough milk for two bowls, so then she pours the milk out of her bowl into yours.

Brennan: Puts water from the sink in her-- she puts it in front of you, and you see that she has-

Ally: Don’t cry! Don’t cry!

Murph: Who has the time -

Siobhan: She’s trying her best!

Ally: I love her. Shout out, moms.

Brennan: You see she says -

Sklonda: All right, well, eat up, okay?

Riz: Okay, thank you.

The two eat ravenously, making comical gobbling noises.

Sklonda: Ah, all right, well I'll go, I'll find a time to go shopping and get the rest. Hey, today, first day of school, right?

Riz: Yep.

Sklonda: And this Saturday, y’know, uh, umm, it's the five year anniversary, so if you wanna head over to the cemetery, we can go visit Dad, sort of see how things are going.

Riz: Yeah, yeah, we can do that.

Sklonda: Does that work for you?

Riz: Yeah.

Sklonda: We can go in the morning, if you got stuff to do, ‘cause I know you probably try to make friends at school-

Riz: Yeah, I'm probably gonna be busy, 'cause I gotta make-- So I figured a lotta kids would just be giving out their phone numbers on their phone, but I made business cards.

Sklonda: Buhhh.

Riz: So I'll probably be busy Saturday.

Sklonda: Okay.

Riz: Why don’t we do it in the morning.

Sklonda: Ah, sweetheart, yeah. Y’know, formality is great when you've tryin' to be a professional, and I know that you’ve seen me work a lot, and so that's kind of a, you know, professionalism. But there's something to be say, you know, when I go out with the guys, I'll knock back a beer-

Riz: Right, right.

Sklonda: I'll kick back a little bit. Y’know, It's okay to relax.

Riz: Yeah, get 'em relaxed.

Sklonda: Get who? Get them relaxed?

Riz: That's how we get them to tell us -

Sklonda: You relax.

Riz: Tell us the secrets so that we -

Sklonda: It's not, okay -

Riz: So that we can solve the mystery.

Sklonda: Friends are for more than clues, sweetie. Friends are for, there's a lot of things we use friends for. Right, so let's look at that as an opportunity to -

Riz: Start with the friends, then get the clues.

Sklonda: Okay. Well, I'm gonna, you good to get to the bus?

Riz: Yeah.

Sklonda: I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna catch a little bit of sleep. Sweetheart, you're gonna do great.

Riz: Thanks, Mom.

Sklonda: You're the best there is. I love you, have a great day at school. Tell me all about it when you get home, okay?

Riz: Okay. Thanks, Mom.

Brennan: She gives you a kiss on the head, she heads off to her bedroom. And we will now cut over to our final -

Murph: Nice.
 
Brennan: Ah, hell yeah, we cut over to the Faeth Home way over by the highway, not too many people live out here, it's kind of a little, has a chain link fence, it's got a little attic bedroom up there.

Emily: Oh, I'm in the attic?

Brennan: You're in the attic.

Emily: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Fuck yeah. Upstairs is a room that last year was filled with pastels and unicorns, other shit like that, and now it's all fuckin' band posters, tour lists for who's gonna be playin' at the Black Pit. There's a sick red guitar in the corner. There's some horn cream, there's some cream for your horns that are coming in. You see, Emily, go ahead and describe your character if you would.

Emily: Um, my name's Figueroth. You probably knew me last year as, like, that really bubbly girl who was, like, invited to every party, but all of the sudden, my horns started growing in and I thought I was an elf, but it turns out, my dad isn't my real dad and I have a demon for a dad, but my mom won't tell me who he is. So pretty much I'm kinda like, fuck everyone and I'm just like, I'm just like, I've got a bass guitar, I've got some drumsticks, like, I'm ready to start a bass-driven band. And, just like, yeah, just fuck everything, right? Okay, that's it. That's me. Also, my name is Figueroth, my last name is Faeth, but that is the name of someone who does not have anything to do with me because he's not my dad. So I'm just Fig now. Just Fig.

Brennan: You see that, so Fig is upstairs, you see that there's a knock at the door. You're in bed. You see that your mom leans in. Your mom is a, she's got the mom jeans on, but is like a sort of wood elf. You see that she's got a bow over her shoulder and a quiver of arrows, your mom works as a ranger that goes and explores the woods around here. You see she goes,

Sandra Lynn: Sweetheart, I've been knockin' up a storm, what's goin' on? You're gonna be late, you're gonna miss the bus.
 
Fig: Oh yeah, um, about that, I'm not going.

Sandra Lynn: God damn it. You're going to school.

Fig: Yeah, try and tell me even one good bard who learned how to bard in school. They're gonna teach me how to play the bass guitar? No, if I want, I need real life experience.

Sandra Lynn: The school is real life experience. Sweetie, you're 15.

Fig: Who's my dad?

Sandra Lynn: Goddamn it, I'm not -

Fig: Who's my dad?

Sandra Lynn: I can't tell you who your, your dad is Gilear, who raised you and loves you. Okay?

Fig: That tool?

Sandra Lynn: Look, just 'cause things aren't great between your father and I right now doesn't mean that he doesn't love you, okay?

Fig: Really? Because the look on his face when my horns started growing in didn't look a lot like love.

Sandra Lynn: Sweetie, this attitude is a problem, all right? You gotta get it together, it's your first day at school.

Fig: You know, you're right, I think I need some instruction, like maybe from a dad!

Sandra Lynn: Goddamn it. I -
        
Fig: Who is he? Just give me a name. I'll go find him myself.

Sandra Lynn: There are reasons I can't tell you.

Fig: Is he the Nightmare King?

Sandra Lynn: It's not the Nightmare King, it's not the Nightmare King.

Fig: I think it's the Nightmare King.

Sandra Lynn: It's not the Nightmare King.

Fig: It's the Nightmare King, you don't have to say -

Sandra Lynn: I think that -

Fig: Say it's not the Nightmare King if it's the Nightmare King.

Sandra Lynn: Say, you want me to say what?

Fig: If it's not the Nightmare King, you could let me know by being like, it's not the Nightmare King.

Sandra Lynn: The Nightmare King lives thousands of miles away from here, maybe.
        
Fig: Yeah.

Sandra Lynn: I d-- The Nightmare--

Fig: But he also lives in our nightmares, maybe that's where you met him?

Sandra Lynn: Sweetie, this is sensitive, and adults -

Emily: I light up a cigarette.

Sandra Lynn: Where the fuck did you get a cig -?

Brennan: She snatches it out of your hand.

Sandra Lynn: I don't, where did you get that?

Emily: I light up another.

Sandra Lynn: God! Wow, where did this come from? You were so well behaved a year ago.

Brennan: You see she sort of collapsed against the wall.

Sandra Lynn: Look, okay, well,

Brennan: and she looks out the window and goes,

Sandra Lynn: Well, there goes the fuckin' bus, huh? There it goes, you happy?

Fig: Bye. Anyway, so I think I'm just gonna sorta stay home and work on some music. I've got a song called My Dad is a Demon But He's Also a Deadbeat, so I'll just work on that. Bye.

Sandra Lynn: You're going to the school.

Brennan: And you see that she walks out, picks up the phone and she calls someone, you can hear her speak in Elven downstairs.

Fig: I can't believe that I really thought I was an elf. Elves are so lame. Oh my god, just so many -th soundings.
        
Sandra Lynn: ... Fig,

Fig: Ugh, I know you're talking about me! I can hear you saying Fig.

Sandra Lynn: It’s got nothing to do with you! Get downstairs!

Brennan: You see your mom -

Ally: You're like Swedish.

Brennan: - comes back upstairs and goes,

Sandra Lynn: I have to go to work, all right? Your father is coming here to pick you up and take you to school, all right, because he-

Fig: Oh, my real father? I'm finally gonna meet him, what a luxury! I can't wait, I'll put on my best fucking dress.

Sandra Lynn: Get dressed for school, all right, and we will talk about this. I love you, and I know this is hard right now, but we're gonna get... you gotta put the cigarette out while I'm in the room, while I'm in the room you can't smoke.

Emily: I put it out in her coffee.

Sandra Lynn: God damn it!

Brennan: You see that she walks outta the room.

Fig: Just tell me who my real dad is and I'll call this war off!

Brennan: She walks outta the room. She leaves. You see that she walks out on the front lawn and a humongous griffin flies up in the sky going, lands in the front yard and she mounts on its back and flies off.

Emily: Okay, that's pretty dope.

Brennan: You see that a moment later a car rolls up and Gilear, who you, not your biological father but the man who raised you, steps outta the car. He's not looking great. He's sort of lost some hair. You've never seen an elf with a comb over before. He's got a little bit of a paunch. He's got a little, sort of short-sleeved button up shirt, he's working at a different job now, 'cause he quit his old one, and he's got what look like beans or something on his shirt. He steps outta the car and knocks on the door, tock tock tock.

Emily: I go answer it.

Fig: Gilear, have you been eating out of cans again?

Gilear: What? My daughter, yes, ehm, I have been eating legumes as it were for I have found that in my new living situation over at Strongtower Luxury Apartments -

Fig: Wow, you really emphasized luxury.

Gilear: They're not the worst in the world. They're all right, but I've found that it's, you know, yeah, I've been eating beans. Eating beans.

Fig: Okay. I, so I'm guessing you were sent here to try and get me to go to school, right?

Gilear: Well, I'm gonna give you a ride.

Fig: Okay, let me just go use the bathroom and then I'll come.

Gilear: Okay, that sounds good.

Emily: I go into the bathroom and cast Disguise Self to make myself look like my mom. And then I come back out.

Brennan: You walk back out, and you see he goes,

Gilear: Uh, Sandra Lynn, what the hell? I thought you needed to go to work?

Fig: I know, I've changed, I've changed my mind. I don't think she should go to school. She made some really compelling arguments about how bards, how bards need real life experience so. Thank you so much. And also, thank you for keeping it a secret who her real dad is.

Gilear: Well, all right.
        
Fig: But between you and me, we can say the name out loud.

Brennan: You see he says,

Gilear: Well, he's actually, if you wanna go talk to him about the paternity test, he's free today.

Fig: Yeah. Yes, I do. Can we do it in the next hour?

Gilear: Sure, that's fine.

Fig: Okay, yes.

Gilear: Yeah, that's no problem.

Fig: Thank you. Thank you so much. She's upstairs so we can just go, no need to say goodbye to her.

Gilear: Really? No need to say goodbye to her?

Fig: No, I think she's working on a song.

Gilear: Okay, that's all right. I'll talk to her later.

Brennan: You see he goes and gets in the driver’s seat of the car.

Fig: Okay, I'm coming.

Brennan: You sit. What's the duration on your Disguise Self spell?

Emily: One hour.

Zac: Foolproof.

Brennan: Foolproof, foolproof.

Ally: Foolproof.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Everyone else goes to school, that’s the adventure.

Brennan: The sun rises in the sky over the beautiful dappled lawns, stone brick walls, ivy-covered trellises and statues of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. All of you arrive by bus, by car, however you get here. Out in the front of the building, you see a bunch of students, people that recognize each other are clapping and loud teenagers, and everyone's kind of gathering. You're a few minutes early. You see that your father pulls up to the front of the school.

Emily: Oh no!

Murph: You got tricked!

Brennan: You see he goes,

Gilear: All right, Sandra Lynn, here you are! Your former lover's in there.

Gilear: Oh, you think I'm a fool? I raised you. And don't call me Gilear, all right? I know that I said -

Fig: What, what else am I supposed to call you? Stranger, stranger with no biological link to me? I'm willing to make, that's a lot to say every time I address you.

Brennan: You see a little tear forms in his eye and you see he says,

Gilear: I know that I said some hurtful things when I first found out.

Fig: Yeah, you said, “You're no longer a Faeth,” and guess what, I'm not. I'm just Fig now.

Gilear: Fig, I'm sitting here with beans on my shirt.

Fig: I know, I saw you ate one on the ride here.

Gilear: I was hungry, all right? I've put on some weight. You ever heard of a fat elf? You ever heard of it? I've never seen a fat elf in my life and I'm here with a bad comb over and beans on my shirt.

Fig: Okay, fine.

Gilear: And I'm reaching out to you.

Fig: I'm sorry, Gilear, I'm sorry that I got angry at you. You're just some random man, I shouldn't be mean to you.

Gilear: All right, get outta my fucking car, you demon! I didn't mean it like, it's not, no no, 'cause you're making it a tiefling thing.

Fig: You know what, I am a demon!

Emily: And then I put some horn wax to really make 'em shine.

Fig: And I'm not ashamed of it. I just hope I don't also get a tail. The horns are enough, okay, bye.

Brennan: You guys all arrive at the foot of the school. What are you guys all doing here together?

Lou: I look around for the biggest and the strongest man or student in the entry area.

Brennan: You look around, you see - Zac, what’s Gorgug doing? He's the tallest person here.

Zac: I'm holding a metal flower. Just looking for a friend.

Lou: I walk straight up to Gorgug. I say,

Fabian: Hey. How you doin' buddy?

Gorgug: I'm, I'm good. It's my first day. I guess it's everyone's first day.

Fabian: Oh, oh, it's your first day.

Gorgug: Do you want this metal f-flower?

Lou: I swing and hit him as fucking hard as I possibly fucking can.

Siobhan: I see this just as I'm walking into the, where I am. I'm like,

Adaine: Oh my - So this is what public school is like?

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an attack roll.

Lou: Great. 15.

Brennan: What's your AC?

Zac: My AC's 13.

Brennan: You slug him. What's your Strength modifier?

Lou: It's +2.

Brennan: You take 3 points of damage.

Lou: And then I turn and I say,

Fabian: I'm Fabian Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster and I'm here to be great.

Zac: I'm trying to sing that song.

Gorgug: When you're mad

Ally: I run up.

Brennan: You run up.

Gorgug: If you're mad... 

Kristen: Hey, are you okay? What happened?

Gorgug: That guy punched me.

Kristen: That sucks. You seem really non-violent and I think that's really cool. Violence is never the answer -

Zac: I go into a rage.

Brennan: Awesome, what do you -

Zac: I go into a rage and I attack, I go to punch.

Brennan: Go for it, roll an attack roll.

Zac: 19?

Brennan: And what's your AC?

Lou: Aha, 16.

Brennan: And you're in a rage, right?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: So that's gonna deal, 3 plus 2 plus 1 is six points of damage. You fucking, yeah, Gorgug whips up and fucking clocks you.

Kristen: Wait, no! Violence isn't the answer.

Emily: Is this creating like a commotion?

Brennan: Oh yeah. There's a bunch of, you guys see -

Emily: Are there people, are the teachers all around?

Brennan: Oh, you see there's this one kid who looks like a gnome with that long, kinda like stoner hair, who's like,

Gnome: Oh, fuck! Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight!

Emily: I'm gonna sneak into the teacher's lounge while there's a commotion and steal from the refrigerator.

Brennan: You sneak in. You guys see that wading through the crowd of students is this hulking dragonborn, right? For those who don't know what a dragonborn is, humanoid dragon with long tail, no wings, these big claws, wearing a full suit, like a gray suit and a blue tie, big horns sweeping off of his, he's red-scaled, anthropomorphic dragon guy. You see he's holding just a straight up cricket bat in his hands, and he walks up and goes

Goldenhoard: All right, all right that's enough! And on day one, the bell hasn't even rung yet.

Brennan: Effortlessly hoists you two up off the ground, sheathing his cricket bat before he does so, and goes,

Goldenhoard: Now look here, where, where, what are you, freshmen? How, why did this even start?

Fabian: Well -

Gorgug: I don't know! He hit me.

Fabian: Well, I had to let this one know that I wasn't going to take any of his shit.

Goldenhoard: “Shit”? It looks like he's holding a flower.

Fabian: Hey, the greatest attackers sometimes put up a facade, that they might sneak their way. I don't need to explain myself to you, I'm Fabian Seacaster!

Goldenhoard: You 100% need to explain yourself to me. I am Vice Principal Goldenhoard.

Gorgug: I'm sorry I got mad at you. You can still have the flower if you want.

Goldenhoard: Don't, kid, don't give him the flower.

Ally: I’m in the background praying.

Goldenhoard: He has absolutely not earned any congeniality from you at all.

Gorgug: I hit him too, so we're even.

Goldenhoard: You hit him? All right. That's immediate detention for both of you. First day, after school.

Fabian: Fine.

Brennan: All right, you see he gives you each a little red slip then says,

Goldenhoard: Good grief, is there any other nonsense happening here? Good, behave yourselves. I'll see you in detention after school.

Gorgug: I'm so sorry.

Brennan: Rad. You go to sneak in, and give me a Stealth check?

Emily: Oh, I don't know if that's really a skill I have. Hoo, okay. I got a nat 1.

Murph: We’re all just instantly in such trouble.

Brennan: You walk into the teacher's lounge, you are in there for, what do you steal as you go in there? You just see those little, like -

Emily: I'm just going through the fridge, seeing what kind of food there is.

Fig: Ugh, elf food, elf food -

Brennan: You see that there is a, you see that there is a little Tupperware container with a transparent steak in it. You can just like, partially see through, or ethereal, and you see it says “Ghost steak, please do not eat, for a ghost professor”.

Emily: Um yeah, I'm gonna eat that. I take the ghost steak and I just start eating it.

Brennan: You have a very fuckin' hard time grabbing it.

Fig: Fuck, fuck.

Brennan: You see the door opens and this Vice Principal guy walks in and goes,

Goldenhoard: Okay. Immediate detention. We are three for three, and it's, I mean, I'm about to ring the first bell.

Fig: The crazy thing is, you're just playing into my hand. Welcome to my game, and you just did exactly what I wanted you to do.

Goldenhoard: I, I, I, I don't know you, right? This is baffling.

Fig: I know, that's why I was able to two-step around you.

Goldenhoard: Describe your two-step to me. How have you bamboozled me in this moment? Walk me through how you've bamboozled me.

Fig: All right, my plan all along was to get caught so I would get kicked out, and you are just scooting me along.

Emily: I put my combat boots up on the table.

Fig: What's the deal with that steak? I can't pick it up.

Goldenhoard: Right, it's for ghosts, that's ghost food. Now, I'm gonna be very honest with you. I don't think you fully know what detention means. You're not suspended.

Fig: Do you recognize me?

Brennan: You see, he looks at you and says,

Goldenhoard: Uh, no?

Fig: 'Cause last year I was on the cheer squad. I was one of the girls that they used to throw up into the sky 'cause I was so teeny tiny and cute.

Goldenhoard: ...I shouldn't be having a conversation with you alone in the teacher's lounge, get the fuck outta here! Get outta here, get out of here!

Fig: Okay, I'll leave.

Goldenhoard: Go, all right, good good.

Fig: Bye. What's your name again?

Goldenhoard: I'm Vice Principal Goldenhoard.

Fig: He's kinda cute.

Goldenhoard: Don't! Don't say that, shh, don't say that. Get out.

Brennan: He shoos you -

Fig: Well, maybe that's part of my plan too.

Brennan: - shuts the door. The rest of you guys walk through and you hear the PA kinda starts as the kids start, the first bell rings, kids start running off to class. You guys hear a little voice saying,

Goldenhoard: Students, one and all, welcome to another exciting year at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. I am Vice Principal Goldenhoard, here with some announcements on your first day. Everyone should have received your locker assignments in the mail, make sure to go and put your things away for your first busy class day. Bells are five minutes between classes, and hall passes are ensorcelled, so no funny business. I've been told that lunch lady Doreen has made fine creamed corn and tuna surprise. Surprising indeed, what mysteries await in that dish. Also, during your time here, any matters of curriculum can be brought to the principal, Mr. Arthur Aguefort. Matters of discipline will be brought to me, your Vice Principal, and Ole Hawthorne, my paddle friend and cleaver of heinies! Don't worry, we use corporal punishment aplenty here at Aguefort, ha ha ha ha. Welcome, welcome, new class of heroes!

Riz: Whoo!

Murph: Oh, Riz is clapping, he decides clapping is gonna make him seem cool, he's excited.

Riz: Right, no? Okay.

Zac: I'm clapping a little bit too because I picked up on -

Siobhan: I’m just working so hard to suppress a panic attack and hide the stupid fucking orb that I'm carrying.

Brennan: As you go to walking up the steps, those of you who are from, sort of like the kerfuffle that happened out here, you guys see that there are two seniors, one of them is a blonde haired giant looking senior jock kid who’s wearing his letter jacket, and the other one is a beautiful half-elf. They're both seniors, and you see that they're handing out little fliers that have ballots attached to them, and you see that the young woman, who's sort of half-elf, again, has got sort of the long, sort of brunette hair, a little flower tied into it, is going,

Penelope: Hi, we're voting today to reinstate prom king and queen, Hi, we're voting today, we're having a vote today. Hi, can I interest you in a flier?

Riz: Yes, actually, hi. Riz Gukgak. Nice to meet you.

Penelope: Oh, a handshake, cool.

Riz: Hi, yes -

Penelope: That's fun.

Riz: I actually have some literature for you. So I am,

Murph: I kinda open my briefcase.

Riz: I am kind of in the business of friend making right now. This has my phone number on it if you... Platonic hangout.

Penelope: Sure.

Riz: Yeah.

Penelope: Yeah, for sure.

Riz: Kinda interested in getting in with the seniors and the jocks and whatnot.

Brennan: You see that this big jock paladin looking kid comes over and goes,

Jock: Hey babe, what's up?

Riz: Hi, Riz Gukgak, so great to meet you. How are you?

Jock: Good.

Riz: Would you like a card as well?

Jock: What’s up?

Murph: I open my briefcase and I give him a card that has my phone number on it.

Jock: Oh, okay, do I throw this out right now?

Riz: No, we can start a group text, perhaps? We can send each other funny memes.

Jock: Sure, okay.

Brennan: You see he puts it away. You see that the girl says,

Penelope: Oh my god. You are so, friggin, cute, what is your name?

Riz: It's Riz. Riz Gukgak.

Penelope: I'm not gonna remember that, but you are fucking amazing.

Riz: Thank you.

Penelope: I'm Penelope Everpetal, and I kinda run a lot of the clubs, and yearbook and stuff here, so if you need any help, like, learning the ropes or learning about the school and all, I'm like happy to do that, and this is my boyfriend Dayne Blayde, who's the captain of the bloodrush team.

Riz: Dayne, you are freaking cool, man.

Dayne: Wazzup.

Riz: You seem cool as hell.

Dayne: Fuck, what's that?

Riz: Yeah, dude, yeah.

Dayne: Oh, sure dude, hell yeah.

Riz: Yeah.

Dayne: Do you, do you play bloodrush?

Riz: Mmm-hmm, go Owlbears, right, that's the team!

Brennan: You see a huge beefy looking half-orc, either a junior or a senior in a letter jacket comes over and slaps Dayne on the back and says,

Ragh: Yeah, he fuckin' plays bloodrush, he's the ball, dude. He's the fuckin' ball, dude! He's the fuckin' ball, dude!

Riz: I'm actually not the ball.

Ragh: You're the ball! That's your fuckin' name now. You're the ball.

Riz: Umm, well, it's actually Riz Gukgak! If you'd like some literature -

Murph: And I open my briefcase again -

Brennan: He, make an opposed Athletics check, if you'd be so kind?

Murph: Oh no, it's a -2! A 4!

Brennan: You see that this half-orc grabs you and then stuffs you, as a ball, and just dunks you into a trashcan.

Ragh: Boom, that's what's up, dude! You're the Ball now! Everybody, this kid's name is Ball! If I hear you call this kid anything but Ball, it's your fuckin' ass!

Riz: I suppose I'm technically the ball this time, but not always!

Brennan: You see, Penelope goes,

Penelope: Dayne, get him to stop.

Brennan: And you see him go,

Dayne: Huh? Oh sure. Hey, Ragh. Dude, it's chill.

Brennan: And you see Ragh goes,

Ragh: Yeah, okay. Sorry, dude, just, like, I see people fuck with you and it makes me wanna go fuckin' nuts, dude. I just fuckin' can't take it, man. Fuckin' love this team, go Owlbears!

Brennan: You see that they walk away. You see that Penelope looks over, Adaine, as you sorta walk up the steps. You see she goes,

Penelope: I frickin' love your orb. That thing is huge.

Adaine: Thanks. My dad gave it to me, I don't want, do you want it?

Penelope: Do I want it?

Adaine: Yeah, I don't -

Penelope: No, I'm good, but thank you. You can keep your orb. Umm… Listen, I don't know if you have enough space to carry this with that giant orb you're carrying, but this is, it's a little ballot, we're basically having a vote, because for a long, long time, it's like never, Aguefort hasn't had a king and queen at prom, and me and my boyfriend Dayne are trying to, like, I’m, like, part of the yearbook club, and we're basically trying to, like, get that back, like, bring that tradition back.

Adaine: What does that mean? What does being prom king and queen mean?

Penelope: Well, there's a vote, right, that has, if enough students say they want it, we'll do a, like a vote and people can vote for prom king and queen, and they'll, like, have a special dance and it'll be really fun.

Adaine: They just get a special dance, that's what that means, is that -? Yeah, okay, I'll vote. Yeah, I don't really understand.

Penelope: If you vote for it, and just like, as an aside, it's gonna be a lot easier for you here at Aguefort, 'cause I can tell you're a freshman. It's gonna be a lot easier if you ask less questions, 'cause, like, probably, like, it'll become clear the more time you spend -

Adaine: That's actually “fewer questions”.

Penelope: Sorry?

Adaine: No, okay, I'll sign it.

Brennan: Dayne looks at the other guy and says,

Dayne: Babe, it's fewer questions, less questions is wrong, grammatically.

Brennan: You see she's like,

Penelope: Fine, Dayne.

Brennan: She says,

Penelope: Okay, so why don't you just, like, take the ballot -

Adaine: Yeah, I'll take it, I'll take it, thank you.

Penelope: And you can vote -

Adaine: Yeah, I'll vote. Where do I, where do I, where do I vote?

Penelope: There's little boxes out in front of the assembly which we're going to now.

Adaine: Oh, great.

Penelope: Welcome.

Adaine: Thank you.

Penelope: Cute outfit, it's like, it’s like, you go to a different school than here. Fun! Let me know if you need help stashing that orb.

Brennan: So you guys walk along. You see that at that main hall, this guy comes over and he's this big human wearing sweatpants, got a little baseball cap and a whistle around his neck and a giant glowing spear with holy light. You see that he claps Dayne and Ragh on the back. You see that, he, Ragh is looking at you in the trash can and the guy goes like,

Coach Daybreak: Ah, there are my boys, there are my bruisers, there's Ragh and Dayne, heck yeah!

Brennan: You see he looks around at the two players, and he looks over at you, and you recognize him from church, from the Cathedral of Sol. And you see he goes,

Daybreak: Ah, that's great, Kristen! What are you doing here?

Kristen: Oh, I go here now, it's my first day. Good to see you!

Daybreak: Ah, it's great to have you, kiddo, that's great, I love that.

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make an opposed Athletics check.

Ally: Great. Uhhhh, what is, where's Athletics? Oh, 2, 7.

Murph: We're all just getting our asses kicked.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: You see that you are shoved to the ground and your backpack goes everywhere and your Bible sort of spills out of your hand.

Kristen: No!

Brennan: And you see that there is a tall, looks like an elf, but his skin is deathly pale. He’s got black hair hanging, and he's got a mesh shirt with a belt, kind of diagonal across it, and sort of bondage pants, like, used for that kind of Hot Topic look, and you see he's got a rat on his shoulder. And he's got spiderweb designs on some fingerless gloves. And you see he goes,

Zayn Darkshadow: What's up, cleric? How's it going?

Kristen: Did you do that on purpose?

Zayn: I don't know. Did God curse us to live on purpose?

Kristen: Ooh, let's see, let's start from the beginning, okay? Any curse you may feel is probably human-made, because we were all made just a little bit off.

Zayn: Oh, I know I was made off. My heart is fuckin' broken.

Kristen: Okay, look.

Brennan: You see that the coach helps you up and hands your Bible to you and goes like,

Daybreak: Hey, Zayn, do me a favor, pal and beat it, huh? Why don't you beat it?

Brennan: You see that Zayn says,

Zayn: I don't know, why don't we all just beat it?

Brennan: He turns into bats.

Kristen: I'll pray for you, Zayn!

Brennan: You see that the coach shakes his head and he goes,

Coach: That kid is a piece of work. He got kicked out of the theater department and he's taking it hard.

Kristen: Who gets kicked out of the theater department? That's where you go when you're kicked out of anywhere else.

Daybreak: Yeah, exactly. He's having a hard time. But hey, it's really good to have you here. And you know, if you ever need anything, come talk to me. I am happy to help you out, all right?

Kristen: Yeah, thanks, it's good to see you.

Daybreak: Good to see you too, and wait, you can't say it too loud, 'cause there's a bunch of people of all kinds here, but praise be to Helio, huh? Go corn god.

Kristen: Yes, yeah. Praise be to Helio.

Brennan: You guys all leave this place and end up in the assembly hall. It's a big auditorium, you guys are all there together. Riz, I assume you get out-

Murph: I’m covered in trash. I couldn't get it all off.

Brennan: You guys gather, and you see a man step out in a purple corduroy suit, and he's got an umbrella. Very dark dark skin, and a monocle, and this long white beard that goes past his waist. He's got a little watch fob and a monocle on a little chain, and you see that he steps out to the podium, you see he produces, as if from air, a little saucer with a teacup on it and steps to the podium, being introduced, of course, first by, from off stage,

Goldenhoard: Ladies and gentlemen, your principal, Mr. Arthur Aguefort!

Brennan: You see that the sort of this old wizardly man steps out and says,

Aguefort: Welcome, one and all to another exciting year here at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, where we train the next generation of adventurers.

And what is an adventurer? One who goes on adventures. I say that an adventurer is a hero, and what is a hero? A hero is someone with the strength of heart, courage of spirit, and the might of will to go to strange lands and enact violence on things there. We go to places where there are things that must be destroyed, and we destroy them. Wandering from town to town, getting into trouble, meeting in drop houses and taverns and getting into scrapes with the law and otherwise finding ourselves engaged in all matters of tomfoolery and shenanigans, sometimes violent, sometimes fatal. Yes, fatal, and a hero is a violent wanderer who enacts their will bodily and with strange magicks upon the world.

But does a hero truly stand alone? Ha ha ha, no, the strength of the hero is the strength of the party, and what is a party? A gathering of friends, perhaps with some alcoholic beverages, some fun music, ha ha ha, a jape! For all of you, a party is a group that comes together to embellish each other's strengths and eradicate each other's weaknesses. A party is composed of those who have sworn themselves to each other, to make themselves greater than the sum of their parts.

Perhaps we have flaws within us, perhaps we don't cast magic and we need someone who can cast magic to help us when we need magic. Perhaps we're very tough and we can sustain a lot of injuries, but we need somebody who is very good at hurting people there with us as well. Perhaps we need a sneaky person to sneak. Not always, sometimes you don't need that, but occasionally, in circumstances where you do need one, you really need one, right, with traps and other things like that.

That is the meaning of party, and party is the meaning of hero. Never forget, all of you, Ugh, it's bad. Never forget that the greatest magic of all is chronomancy, the magic of time. Welcome to your first year, freshmen, at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy!

Brennan: He turns into light, and disappears.

Emily: My hand was on the fire drill the whole time, to pull it, but I was so moved by that that I actually took it off.

Zac: I was looking for a pencil that whole time.

Emily: Yeah, it was really cool.

Brennan: After that, a bunch of different classes open up. You see that Goldenhoard sort of says,

Goldenhoard: We have some orientation events today for those that are interested in matters of the arcane, we'll have an arcane orientation happening in room 212. We'll also have a number of tryouts and battle orientations and things of that nature. Please file out, obviously we don't want to corral you into a class without your own choosing, so be wise and find the best fit for you. Very well! Enjoy, students.

Brennan: You see that students begin to sort of file off, the freshmen, at least, sort of filing off towards the different orientations and things like that.

Emily: I wanna find lunch lady Doreen.

Brennan: Cool, yeah, you can go find lunch lady Doreen, you go over to the lunch and you see the lady Doreen there, a thin sort of looking woman with a little cigarette hangin' out of her lip. She looks over at you and as you walk into the cafeteria and goes,

Doreen: Oh, lunch is not served for awhile, sweetheart.

Fig: No, I came to talk to you, because I feel like you have the only honest profession here and, also, you're allowed to smoke at work which I think is really cool.

Doreen: I'm not allowed to smoke at work.

Fig: Oh. Well, but you do it anyways, which shows that you have a spirit that I really admire. So I was wondering, maybe I should just be taking classes with you.

Doreen: You wanna be a lunch lady?

Fig: Maybe.

Doreen: Okay.

Fig: I just respect what you're doing. Everyone else is trying to do all these lofty things, and you're just being you. You're just so true compared to everyone else.

Doreen: Okay.

Fig: So real.

Doreen: Okay, you wanna do, you wanna work?

Fig: Mmmm.

Brennan: You see she tosses a crowbar to you and says -

Emily: I don't, I just let it drop.

Doreen: There's an industrial, we gotta buncha drums of creamed corn off the back of a tr -

Fig: Drums?

Doreen: Yeah, y’know, like a drum?

Fig: Yeah, okay cool, yeah. I'll go work with that.

Doreen: Yeah, yes, it must have fallen or something, 'cause the corn was all dinged up so I had a fucking hard time opening that thing, but you're welcome to go try.
        
Fig: Wait, so that you're having' a hard time opening the drum, there's a big old drum right? There's a bunch of drums? Presumably -

Brennan: She points to a bunch of metallic oil drums in the back, like big metal canisters.

Emily: Cool yeah, I just go there and start playing the drums.

Brennan: She looks over and she goes,

Doreen: What the fuck are you doin'? What the fuck are you doin'?

Fig: Music isn't, music isn't confined to the stage at the Black Pit, you know, it's anywhere.

Brennan: Make a Performance check.

Emily: Whoo, yeah! Oh come on, hook me up, 17.

Brennan: It gets really STOMP in here, and you see that she goes like,

Doreen: Okay, okay, that is a little funky, that's good, I like it. You know, I wasn't always a lunch lady, I used to get around when I was young.

Fig: Oooh!

Doreen: Ah, we’ll talk about it sometime. Listen, you got a gift for that. You're really talented.

Fig: Thank you, I know that I'm not gonna learn any of that here, I'll learn stupid stuff. Well, actually, I kinda liked everything the guy was saying.

Brennan: You see she says,

Doreen: You know, you might be right, there might not be much of you to learn here, but you know what,it's not gonna hurt you to go see what the bullshit is they're sellin', right? Why not go check in on the enemy, see what all the skwalesare talking about.
 
Fig: Oh, shit, there's so many good role models here. I'm gonna take you up on that.

Doreen: Hey, you're a real sweet kid, come back anytime.

Fig: I will, I bet I'll come back once a day.

Doreen: All right, oh, because you eat lunch in this room.

Fig: Yeah.

Doreen: Yeah, that makes sense.

Fig: Yeah.

Doreen: Okay, you have a good one, sweetie.

Fig: Okay, bye Doreen.

Doreen: You can call me Doreen.

Fig: Okay, bye Doreen.

Brennan: Adaine, you are walking past the library, as you are walking past it, roll a Perception check.

Siobhan: 12?

Brennan: You notice a very old, sort of a very old woman human librarian, who has a little velvet rope and closes it over a little restricted section, and you see that there is a book lying on a little table right near the entrance of the restricted section.

Siobhan: Umm. Is it light enough that I can use Mage Hand?

Brennan: You need an Investigation check to try to clock the weight of the object at this distance.

Siobhan: 16?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Siobhan: Great, I cast Mage Hand as her back is turned and I take the book.

Brennan: The book zips from the restricted section of the library. The book that now rests in your hand is titled Wards and Watches, and it's an abjuration book, it's a very very powerful abjuration book.

Siobhan: Great, I very quickly put it in my backpack, and then I panic, 'cause I'm like, why am I doing this, nobody can see me do this, my stupid sister just told me to do this and I don't know why I'm doing it, and now I have a book that I've definitely stolen and I can't tell them that I've stolen it.

Brennan: Please make a panic attack check, like a -

Siobhan: 5.

Brennan: You go into a full blown panic attack.

Adaine: Shit, oh god, oh my god.

Ally: I come up.

Brennan: You wind up in the hallway, yeah.

Kristen: Hey are you okay?

Adaine: No.

Fig: I saw what you did and I thought it was pretty awesome.

Adaine: Oh god, no, the goth kid thinks I'm cool.

Fig: That was so cool.

Kristen: Oh, I like your giant orb. Here, let me make it glow.

Ally: I cast Light on her giant orb.

Brennan: You are now glowing in the middle of a crowd of children. Vice Principal Goldenhoard walks up and goes,

Goldenhoard: Very nice use of the Light cantrip. What is your name, young student?

Kristen: Oh, I'm Kristen Applebees.

Goldenhoard: Kristen Applebees, wonderful to meet you. I'm Vice Principal Goldenhoard.

Kristen: Oh, hi.

Goldenhoard: Young lady, are you all right?

Adaine: I found this book.

Goldenhoard: You found-

Brennan: Make a Bluff check for me, with disadvantage.

Siobhan: What's dis-- what what?

Brennan: You roll two D20 and take the worse result.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Zac: Oh my god, a 20 and a 2.

Murph: That's just a 2.

Brennan: Just a 2, I’m afraid! You see that Vice Principal says,

Goldenhoard: Sorry, you found a book?

Fig: She's covering for me, I stole it and she caught me stealing it.

Adaine: No, I didn't, I didn't, she didn't steal, I stole it, I'm so sorry, I, I was, I was, I was t... I'm sorry I'm new, I don't know what I'm doing.

Kristen: We all fall short of the grace of God.

Goldenhoard: Mm, you know I wouldn't, that's a bit strong for this, I would say, that's a bit strong. This is not appropriate, that you've done this. Kristen, would you mind taking the book to Principal Aguefort's office for me?

Kristen: Yeah, sure.

Goldenhoard: Go ahead, take the book.

Brennan: You see that he looks at you and says,

Goldenhoard: Now, young lady, what was your name?

Adaine: Adaine Abernant.

Goldenhoard: Miss Abernant. Oh yes, you come to us from Hudol. I'm afraid I'm going to have to give you detention. So you'll be staying late after school today. Do you understand? All right, this is not fun for me. You're clearly having a bad time. I'm second guessing what I'm doing, even as I'm doing it, wondering if there's some medical stuff going on that I don't know about, but I'm going to do it, as I've already talked out loud and other students can hear this.

Fig: Yeah, I can hear it all, hi.

Goldenhoard: Hey, for real, we're not gonna do this. You think we have a thing, but that's where you're wrong. We don't have a thing. You have a thing.

Fig: Who's running detention?

Goldenhoard: Good grief, all right, you are going to detention, here's your slip, hands you the slip.

Lou: Bloodrush trials?

Brennan: Bloodrush trials, yes! Let's do it, we are all on the field, baby. Everyone's out there, Dayne Blayde is out there, Ragh Barkrock is out there, and you see that Coach Daybreak is out there as well. You see that, what you do is you approach the pitch.

Fabian: Well, uh, hello comrades!

Brennan: Everyone looks at you wearing the letter jacket.

Fabian: Dayne, good to see you,saw you and your friend deal with that little goblin earlier. Oh hohoho, good stuff. That was miraculous, you just crushed him up, Ball! That's, I like that. I'll call him Ball when I see him.

Dayne: Oh, okay, what's your -

Brennan: Dayne speaks up and says,

Dayne: Okay, I'm super confused, 'cause you're talking to me like you're important, but I don't know you.

Fabian: Oh, heh heh. It's my first day, you probably, I'm Fabian Seacaster, Bill Seacaster's son, the great adventurer, Bill Seacaster? I'm his son Fabian, and I'm going to be on the bloodrush team, so it's exciting to meet you and get to know you and-

Brennan: Make an Insight check for me.

Lou: 15.

Brennan: You notice that these players look to Coach Daybreak, whose jaw is set as you mention your father, and you see that Dayne looks up at you, looks up at the coach and sort of, all of these boys are looking off their coach's expression, basically. You see that Dayne turns to you and says,

Dayne: Oh, that's right, yeah, your dad's the richest guy in town, right?

Fabian: Yes, that's him.

Dayne: Yeah, pirate.

Fabian: Yes, what, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Privateer, my father's a privateer.

Brennan: You see Ragh says,

Ragh: I don't know what that word means.

Fabian: It means where you would, in conjunction with different enterprises and things, he wasn't just running around just raping and pillaging like pirates do, that's not my father. My father worked, he was charged with tasks and adventures, ah.

Ragh: For real, dude, I've never heard somebody that plays bloodrush talk like you. You're using all kinda words that are just like, sphew, shwee, sphh.

Fabian: Well, I mean, yeah, I'm one of a kind.

Brennan: You see Ragh says,

Ragh: Yeah, I bet you are one of a kind. One of a kind of a bad person.

Fabian: Ah, what a witty barb. That's good stuff.

Brennan: You see that Coach Daybreak leans in, says,

Daybreak: All right, guys, we're gonna have some tryouts now. Let's everyone lay off of Fabian here. Fabian's father made his money outside of the nation of Solace. Part of the laws of Solace Is that the things you did in the outside world can be forgiven under the national amnesty if you swear on the charter, right, we got people that live in the forests of the Nightmare King or in the Red Waste. They wanna come here and make a better life for themself. The council forgives that. They allow people to not have to live down their past, even if they did all kinds of things that they're still benefiting from.

Fabian: Yeah, well, it doesn't matter anymore, right?

Daybreak: That's right, kid. Well, let's get this tryout started, huh?

Fabian: Yes, let's get this tryout started.

Brennan: You see he says,

Daybreak: Well, why don't we start you out with some running drills, huh?
Fabian: Fantastic.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me some Athletics checks.

Lou: Great. Oh, and a nat 20.

Brennan: You run the fucking field on these guys. You're like 16 and you are fully flatlining seniors. You take Ragh Barkrock, who's the huge half orc, second in command guy, fling down to the ground, no sweat. He looked up at you and says,

Ragh: This guy fuckin' cheated, dude, fuckin' cheated, man.

Fabian: Oh, Ragh, another one of those witty barbs of yours. I did not cheat.

Brennan: You see that he goes into a full rage and Dayne says,

Dayne: He’s doing it!

Brennan: And jumps on him and his friends all restrain him. Coach Daybreak comes over and he says,

Daybreak: All right, well there, fancy boy, you got some moves on you, I'll give you that.

Fabian: Oh, uh, fancy boy, that's a fun nickname. Is that gonna be my nickname, like Ball? I'm Fancy Boy? I like it.

Daybreak: Well you got a, you got real chops. Let's see how you do throwin'.

Brennan: You see Dayne looks up and goes,

Dayne: What?

Brennan: You see he says,

Daybreak: Yeah, let's see how he does throwin', I wanna see it.

Brennan: The coach sets up a play with people running around you, so there's a scrimmage, there's the other side of the bloodrush field, big stone, you're not on grass, it's actually like a weird stone. This is actually it, right there. The coach sets up a scrimmage where you're gonna make, the idea is for you to pass to somebody, basically, you're sort of quarterbacking, effectively. As you get started, go ahead and make me a Perception check real quick.

Lou: Critical failure.

Murph: 20 to 1.

Siobhan: You're havin' a day.

Emily: That's so funny, 20 to 1. Such a great.

Brennan: 20 to 1, okay, now go ahead and make me an Athletics check.

Lou: Great, that's what I prefer. 22.

Brennan: Fuck yeah. He gets you the ball and he's like,

Dayne: We wanna see how you pass.

Brennan: You... Let me roll a little opposed check. Okay. He sets you up, you survey the field, and you see a bunch of people that you could pass to, but all the people that you could pass to are kind of like losers that you just fucking either clotheslined or rope-a-doped or moved around.

Lou: Of course, of course.

Brennan: As the lines charge each other, you see a little opening that you could break through.

Lou: Oh, I'll take it.

Brennan: You charge forward. Your team looks like, what the fuck is going on? You effortlessly dodge and weave through all of the other athletes and fucking get to, what do you do when you get to the end zone?

Lou: I place the ball down gently.

Fabian: Good game, I liked that, those plays went real nice, Dayne? Dayne, good stuff, my man.

Dayne: The hell, you didn't throw the ball, dude.

Fabian: Well, it worked out best,I thought, for the play.

Ragh: Yeah, you know what? You didn't throw the ball because you have bad thoughts about what to do.

Fabian: Ragh? Ragh! This is funny. Does he, do we all, does Ragh roast us often? This is fun.

Brennan: Coach Daybreak looks at you and says,

Daybreak: You can hit the showers, bud.

Fabian: Oh. Great, great. Does anybody, I'll see all you boys on the hill.

Brennan: Nobody else starts to leave and you notice it.

Fabian: I'll meet you over there!

Brennan: He says,

Daybreak: You're not on the team.

Fabian: I'm sorry. What? I'm sorry, what?

Daybreak: You're not on the team.

Fabian: But I-- I ran faster and I. My father paid you. My father paid you money.

Daybreak: What the hell did you just say?

Brennan: You see all the other students look around and he says,

Daybreak: Buddy, you got a big mouth and no heart, you will never be an Owlbear.

Brennan: You see that he goes, he takes a red slip out.

Daybreak: That's detention, pal.

Fabian: You know what, you know what, that's fine. 'Cause clearly, clearly I'm better than all of you at-- at bloodrush, all right. You know what? I don't need this, and I don't need any of you, and you know what, Ragh, none of your jokes are funny. I didn't like any of them.

Ragh: What the hell? That's not what you said!

Brennan: Ragh bursts into tears, and the other, Dayne goes like,

Dayne: That's fucked up, dude. It's fucked up to tell a guy his jokes are bad.

Brennan: You see that coach says,

Daybreak: Good luck. You got all the moves in the world, but it means nothing if you don't play on a team, kid. You'll learn that the hard way.

Fabian: Oh, I'm sure I will.

Brennan: Fabian heads off. We'll move over to Riz real quick. Riz, you are walking down the hallway towards one of your other classes, nobody's been able to find the rogue teacher anywhere, and then it, sort of, word started to spread around that that's the deal on the first day, is you have to find the rogue teacher.

Murph: All right, so I'm just, can I do a roll to -

Brennan: Do an Investigation check.

Murph: Investigation check, okay. Lookin' around the halls, sniffin' around with my, ooh, that's not good. What'd I get, 11.

Brennan: 11, you are out near the front of the school and you see that one of the students is talking to, who looks like a sort of lavender-skinned elf, very beautiful, and she's speaking to this guy who's like, got a black leather jacket and a white t-shirt, and tight jeans, who's next to a big motorcycle and he's this tiefling, big horns, he looks like -

Emily: Daddy?

Brennan: He looks like, a little bit too old to be a student, he's kinda got an arm on her waist, and he's leaning against his motorcycle. They're out in the front, near the driveway. And you just see this, sort of, couple and she's kind of talking to him, and he's sort of like, greaser-looking tiefling guy. A big old horns swept back, and she's sort of giggling and he's sort of smiling and laughing at her, and you see that Penelope Everpetal who was sort of the popular girl who was handing out fliers, walks up and says,

Penelope: Hi, Sam, can I talk to you real quick? I don't mean to interrupt you and your boyfriend who hangs out around the school and doesn't go here.

Brennan: What are you gonna do as you see this?

Murph: I guess I'll try to kind of hide and sneak up and listen to their conversation.

Brennan: Awesome.

Murph: So that is a 23 for Stealth.

Brennan: Awesome, 23?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Oh, fuck yeah, you see that, as you get closer, you see that it's actually not an elf, that Sam, her hair is flowing slightly, and she's a water genasi, right, so she's like a water elemental kinda thing. You see she says,

Sam: Penelope, um, I'm busy right now. Johnny is just stopping by real quick and I can talk to you after school.

Brennan: And she goes,

Penelope: Um, now, Sam, would be good.

Brennan: You see that the guy, the tiefling, sorta looks over and he's looking at Penelope with that face of a weirdo adult hanging out at a high school, just like, you're not the person I'm dating and I have no facial expression as I'm watching you, just like. You see that -

Murph: I guess I'll try and I'll sneak up behind him and I'll tap on his back.

Brennan: His arms are engulfed with green flame and he turns around and says,

Johnny: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Watch the jacket, kid.

Riz: Sorry.

Johnny: You have any idea who you're talking to?

Riz: Johnny?

Johnny: Johnny Spells.

Riz: Do you go here?

Brennan: You see he puts on sunglasses,

Johnny: Hell no, I don't go here.

Riz: No?

Johnny: No, that's my girlfriend.

Brennan: You see that Sam waves and says,

Sam: Hi, can I help you?

Riz: I'm friends with your friend.

Murph: And I point to the cheerleader girl.

Brennan: You see, Penelope says,

Penelope: Oh my god, are you the ball from earlier?

Riz: Yeah.

Murph: I turn to Johnny Spells.

Riz: They call me Ball.

Johnny: Why do they call you Ball?

Riz: 'Cause I ball, dude.

Johnny: I don't believe that.

Riz: Ball.

Johnny: I don't believe you.

Riz: I got shoved in a garbage can, okay, man?

Johnny: Tough, I know what it's like to get shit on.

Riz: So you, where you from man? I live at the Strongtower Luxury Apartments, just me and my mom.

Johnny: Where I'm from is the same place I'm goin', buddy, nowhere.

Murph: Could I get a Perception check if this dude actually rules or-- 'Cause right now, I think he rules. That is a, it's only a 9.

Brennan: This dude fuckin' rules.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: You see Sam says,

Sam: Johnny, I gotta go deal with Penelope. Are you okay if we meet up later?

Brennan: And he goes,

Johnny: Yeah babe, maybe, I don't know, I might be busy, I'll see you around kid.

Brennan: He fucking takes off on his motorcycle.

Murph: Johnny Spells!

Zac: You think Johnny Spells rules.

Brennan: You see that Sam looks over at you and goes like,

Sam: He totally rules.

Riz: He seems pretty cool.

Sam: Johnny Spells.

Riz: How did you meet Johnny?

Sam: He hangs around the high school.

Murph: Oooh.

Riz: No, he seems awesome. How old is he?

Sam: I don't know, I think he's like, he had a birthday and I think he gave a real ID and could drink, so, I think 21, maybe?

Riz: Right, cool. Do you know, has he dated anybody else at this school?

Brennan: You see that Penelope says,

Penelope: Sam, we're going.

Brennan: and make an Insight check.

Murph: 18 plus... 22 total.

Brennan: Penelope didn't like that.

Murph: Mmkay.

Brennan: She didn't like that you said that at all. She grabs Sam and runs into the school.

Murph: Not so sure about Johnny Spells. Cool, so I guess I will follow them in.

Brennan: Cool, you follow them in and you see them duck into the girl's changing room and you hear Sam say,

Sam: What, Penny's gone.

Brennan: And you see she says,

Penelope: I fucking know, Sam, but now we need to talk about what happens next.

Brennan: And the door closes.

Murph: Are any of these guys around?

Brennan: Nope, not that you can see.

Murph: I guess I, oh boy. Riz runs to try to find a girl to help him.

Brennan: Make an Investigation check.

Murph: Cool. 18.

Brennan: Cool, make a Persuasion check.

Murph: Okay. 21.

Brennan: Awesome, cool. You see that there's this extremely bejeweled dwarven girl, she's got little sideburns that go down to these little wispy strands, jewelry everywhere. She's hanging out with some friends near the water fountain as you approach her.

Riz: Okay, so. You've got a lot of jewels, and I can tell that you like stuff, I will give you my, I will give you my frickin' briefcase if you'll go into that changing room and tell me what those girls are saying. I think one of them has a crush on one of my friends.

Brennan: You see, she says,

Ostentatia: Your briefcase?

Riz: Okay, well, what do you want, what do you want?

Brennan: You see that she says,

Ostentatia: I don't know, give me 20 gold pieces.

Riz: I know, what if I, I, is there anything from the school you want? I'll take something for you.

Brennan: She says,

Ostentatia: Umm, okay, yeah. Umm, steal me a teabag of that gross tea that Principal Aguefort is always drinking.

Riz: Yeah, sure. Okay, will you go in there now?

Ostentatia: Go give me the teabag.

Riz: Fine, okay.

Murph: I run off to go find a teabag.

Brennan: Cool, you go, you find Principal Aguefort's office. Go ahead and tell me how you're getting in. The door is locked.

Murph: Mmmmm. I guess I'll try to, try to unlock it?

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I guess, what skill would that be, like Sleight of Hand or?

Brennan: Yeah, make a perception then make a Sleight of Hand.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: That actually is a tool proficiency that I think you have.

Murph: Ah, okay. So I did bad on whatever that was, Perception was a 4.

Brennan: Cool, 4 is bad.

Murph: It's a door.

Brennan: And then roll again.

Murph: Okay. Oh boy, Sleight of Hand, 7.

Brennan: You mess with the door, and the door actually opens.

Murph: Sweet, I look for this tea.

Brennan: You walk in and see Vice Principal Goldenhoard.

Goldenhoard: Immediate detention! All right, look at that, wild. We are up to five on Day 1, these just happened during the day, that's good, all right.

Murph: I run and try to grab his tea.

Brennan: He looks at you. Go ahead and make an opposed Athletics check. You can do Acrobatics.

Murph: Okay, good. 21!

Brennan: You grab it and bounce.

Riz: I'm so sorry. I'll go to detention later, I promise.

Goldenhoard: You have to go to detention!

Brennan: You see he's just barreling down the hallway after you. You run, find the dwarven girl. She says,

Ostentatia: Oh my god,you actually got it?

Riz: Yeah, I got it.

Ostentatia: You're a fuckin' freak.

Goldenhoard: Riz Gukgak! Get back here!

Brennan: She goes,

Ostentatia: All right, I'll go listen, fuckin' weirdo.

Brennan: And she heads off, you see Goldenhoard, you see there's sort of fire coming out from his mouth.

Goldenhoard: Makin' me run, that's wild, that's a wild thing for you to do. Oh, here we go, detention.

Riz: Thank you, sir. Well deserved.

Brennan: Cool, towards the end of the day, when you're all back in the assembly hall, and Principal Aguefort says,

Aguefort: Concluding this, our first day today, at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, we will now begin the wonderful process of the day of fellowship, you all have the rest of the afternoon to meet with the friends you've made and form your first adventuring parties. This most critical afternoon will be you banding together for the rest of your time here at Aguefort, I hope you will find the people that you have the most in common with and that you feel the most excited about becoming heroes and solving the problems of the world through violence and strange arcana.

Brennan: You see that Vice Principal Goldenhoard grabs the mic and says,

Goldenhoard: Except for those with detention. You will be expected in detention.

Brennan: You see Coach Daybreak comes over to you, Kristen.

Daybreak: Hey, Kristen, I wanted to talk to you real quick. A lot of the adventuring parties are kinda forming this afternoon, do you have any idea about who you'd wanna maybe form an adventuring party with?

Kristen: Anyone who isn't already religious.

Daybreak: Sorry?

Kristen: Y’know, I really like the church, I really like the community and stuff like that, but I really wanted to come to this school and meet people who are not non-believers, just not believers yet, y’know, pre-believers.

Daybreak: Okay, well, I was thinking about maybe getting you with some other kids that really love Helio and kind of already -

Kristen: Agh, no.

Daybreak: No?

Kristen: No, no, no, no, that's just an echo chamber. I mean we've all heard of that, right? I wanna get out there, meet new people, I wanna, that's the sound of chimes, baby, bouncing off each other, creating a beautiful noise.

Brennan: Kristen, you see these five are being talked to by Goldenhoard about how there's gonna be lunch and then after, the afternoon classes there's gonna be -

Kristen: I wanna go with the bad kids.

Daybreak: What? Kristen, you don't belong with the bad kids. You're a good kid, you went to church camp.

Kristen: Yes, exactly. You know how much yeast you need to make an entire loaf rise? Just a little pinch and I can be that little pinch.

Daybreak: I don't think you're yeast, kiddo, I feel like you have more -

Kristen: I think so. I think so.

Daybreak: Oh god, oh god.

Kristen: Please, please, give me detention. If they’re going to detention, just give me detention and I can go in there.

Daybreak: I can't give you detention, for what?

Kristen: The other day I went to a party and I drank what looked like a bottle of vodka, but it was water. I keep putting water in alcohol things to fit in.

Daybreak: You want me to give you detention for not drinking?

Kristen: I want not just to give me detention, I want you to yell right now and make a really big scene and make it seem like I did something terrible.

Daybreak: I... all right, everybody listen up. Kristen Applebees, bore false witness.

Kristen: That’s a ter-- That’s like a cardinal sin!

Daybreak: Yeah, well, you lied because you weren't drinkin' vodka and you should always dri-- I can't say this.

Kristen: At least you coulda said I stole some, you coulda gone way, coulda been way easier than that.

Daybreak: Well, you know what?

Kristen: Bore false witness?

Daybreak: You bore false witness, and now -

Brennan: You see that Vice Principal Goldenhoard looks over and says,

Goldenhoard: Coach, that's not, that's a religious rule, that's got almost nothing to do -

Kristen: Well, you heard the man, sounds like I got detention.

Brennan: You see he hands the red card to you.

Daybreak: All right, kiddo.

Kristen: Where do I even go with this? Hey guys.

Fabian: What did you do?

Kristen: I bore false witness.

Fabian: What is that?

Fig: I wanna do that.

Adaine: It means she lied.

Fabian: To who? To anyone, you just talk about that?

Kristen: To, before a higher power. Yeah, it's kind of compli-- what do you guys do?

Gorgug: We punched each other.

Kristen: Oh yeah, I remember.

Fabian: I'm too good at sports.

Fig: I couldn't eat the steak that was a ghost steak, I couldn't pick it up.

Adaine: I stole a stupid book because my stupid sister told me it was a good idea.

Fig: I tried to get you out of that.

Kristen: It was really cool how honest you were about that, though.

Riz: I stole some tea.

Kristen: Wow, a lot of thieves. Oh my god, I’m just like Jesus. Just like Helio.

Brennan: You guys get in line for lunch and you start going through the lunch counter, and you see the lunch lady, Doreen, starts puttin' creamed corn and stuff on your guys' trays.

Adaine: I've never eaten a surprise before.

Doreen: Well, it's tuna surprise, very surprising. Okay, here's your tray, here you go.

Brennan: You see this tuna surprise, and you see that there are just chunks of ham in the tuna.

Kristen: Ooh, it's sour somehow.

Murph: Riz just gobbles it down instantly.

Fabian: Excuse me, excuse me, miss, I can't eat this. Do you have something, what are the other options? I'd like to eat another option.

Doreen: Another option?

Fabian: Yeah, is there, I mean, I'm presuming there's a menu that I can order from, or something I can make a choice of, assuming there's something else, all right?

Doreen: There's no other... I could, you want me to get you, I could get you ketchup? I could do, uh -

Fabian: What? Miss, miss, ketchup is not a meal.

Doreen: Would you like ketchup?

Fabian: For, as a meal? Is ketchup a thing in your culture?

Doreen: You could pour vinegar on it, I don't know!

Fabian: All right. You know what, just -

Zac: I down my whole tray as well.

Brennan: I'm gonna need Kristen to make another, sorry, an opposed Acrobatics check. This is a Dexterity roll.

Ally: Oh boy. Good, I have negative three off the bat.12.

Brennan: Ah, cool. You see that Ragh, the half orc jock grabs your Bible out of your hand and tosses it into the kitchen. And you see, it goes whoosh, whoosh, whoosh and spins and lands in a big vat of the creamed corn and sinks into it. And you see he goes,

Ragh: That's what you get for boring what you, what you did, that's what you did, that's what you get for that.

Kristen: Good thing I already know the whole thing by heart.

Siobhan: I cast Mage Hand and pull the book out of the creamed corn.

Brennan: Cool. You see that as you go to start pulling the book out of the creamed corn, the book pops out, it's covered in creamed corn. And there's a ton of goop all over it. You see the lunch lady says,

Doreen: All right, all right, everybody you all gotta go. Everybody go sit down.

Brennan: Ragh says,

Ragh: Think about it next time.

Kristen: Who the fuck is that guy?

Ragh: Think about it.

Fabian: Don't even bother. He's a fucking oaf.

Kristen: A freaking idiot.

Brennan: You guys have your lunch, and after lunch you guys are in detention, you see the lawn outside, beautiful afternoon, filled with students all like, “Oh, you're my new best friend and we're gonna be adventurers, yeah, let's make an adventuring party.” And you see that Vice Principal Goldenhoard and a sort of young gnome who is a very rosy-cheeked and has got sort of watery blue eyes walks in. You see they step in and Vice Principal Goldenhoard says,

Goldenhoard: Well, well, well, troublemakers. And yeah, and Kristen. Troublemaking bothers me at a deep level. This school can be a dangerous place. Students put a lot on the line here. And you, with your tomfoolery, your jackanapery, and your shenanigans are a liability that cannot be allowed. Mr. Gibbons will handle your disciplinary action while I'm gone.

Brennan: So he turns and walks out, and you see that the gnome hoists himself up so he's sitting on the edge of the desk and he goes,

Mr. Gibbons: Okay, so how do we feel about what we did? Yeah, right here.

Adaine: I technically have diplomatic immunity and, and, ah. Do I have to be here?

Gorgug: I feel bad. I didn't mean to punch you. I got so mad.

Fabian: I didn't do, I did punch you, but it wasn't worth it, but. I shouldn't be here. My crime was being too good for the bloodrush team.

Mr. Gibbons: Okay.

Kristen: You punched him.

Riz: Yeah, you punched him.

Kristen: Yeah, we all watched you punch him, for no reason even.

Fabian: Okay.

Riz: We saw that. We saw that. Your objective, yeah.

Fabian: I also admit that-- I also admit that I punched him. I said that.

Mr. Gibbons: Wow, okay, so that's a lot of feelings, okay? How's everything at home, guys? Everything good?

Gorgug: It’s great.

Mr. Gibbons: Everything good at home?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Mr. Gibbons: Okay, now you know -

Kristen: Why are you crying?

Fig: Why am I crying? Because I guess you tapped into something that, you know, maybe home isn't great.

Mr. Gibbons: Okay.

Fig: Maybe home isn't great.

Mr. Gibbons: Okay, now those are strong feelings, okay, and I'm here to talk. About anything, okay? If you have any problems, yes, right here?

Adaine: Can't we just do lines instead of talking?

Fabian: Yes, Jesus Christ.

Mr. Gibbons: Wow. Wow. Strong feelings all the way around, now there's something that I wanna talk to all of you about.

Brennan: Now you guys hear a scream, a bloodcurdling scream from down the hallway. Mr. Gibbons whips his head around and looks. What do you guys do?

Murph: Riz takes off.

Lou: I follow.

Gorgug: What?

Emily: I'll go.

Ally: Same.

Gorgug: What?

Adaine: I mean, I guess if everybody's going, we should go?

Mr. Gibbons: Now, hold on guys, don’t rush into anything!

Gorgug: I gotta go.

Emily: I just see them running and I think we're making a jailbreak.

Brennan: You guys sprint, you run as fast as you can. The scream comes from the cafeteria.

Ally: No!

Emily: Doreen!

Siobhan: Doreen!

Brennan: You burst forward, the doors open, you look ahead of you and flitting around the cafeteria are horrifying little shapes with long wings. You see corn gremlins, cobs of corn with malevolent eyes and wide mouths. Tearing at the walls and ripping banners, and following them into the cafeteria, you see Doreen, the lunch lady, with her back turned to you, slowly gazing behind her shoulder, deep sunken eyes malevolent yellow as spell energy pulsing with arcane power wraps her ladle.

Doreen: Hey kids, it's lunch time again, because we had lunch earlier, but bad lunch this time.

Kristen: If you explain the joke, it's not a good joke.

Adaine: It was bad last time.

Doreen: It's a bad lunch. It's a bad lunch.

Kristen: No!

Brennan: A monstrous pulsating mountain of creamed corn rises up, towering behind her. A colossal ooze begins to pseudopod its way forward. And I'm gonna have you guys roll initiative.

Zac: Ooh-kay.

Brennan: And that's where we'll leave off this week on Fantasy High. Get ready for combat, ladies and gentlemen.

[EPISODE2]

Brennan: My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. We return to find our intrepid heroes here in the cafeteria at Aguefort Adventuring Academy. Now, our band of adventurers, having just met in detention, all are now facing the lunch lady, Doreen, and a colossal... Not technically colossal, the D&D size, but like, fucking big, corn ooze, and a number of terrifying corn gremlins populating the space.

Emily: They're not terrifying, they're fucking adorable.

Ally: Cute! They’re so cute!

Emily: They got little butts!

Brennan: Incorrect.

Emily: They look like cuties in little slipper pajamas.

Brennan: Okay, so they have little butts.

Murph: Corn cuties.

Brennan: They're little corn cuties, that's fine. But wait until you see what these corn cuties can do! You've all rushed into the cafeteria. We have our intrepid heroes, Kristen Applebees, Adaine Abernant, Fig, Figeroth Faeth, Riz Gukgak, Gorgug Thistlespring, and Fabian Aramais Seacaster. You guys have already rolled initiative. A couple little bits of housekeeping before we begin. Because there was downtime during the day, Siobhan, if you would like to recover one of your first level spell slots, through the use of your arcane recovery ability -

Siobhan: Thank you, I would love that.

Brennan: You may.

Ally: Yeah, we really didn't set ourselves up for success here. You already used your rays, you used all your spells.

Emily: No, just one, I still got one more!

Ally: You both have damage, Goddammit.

Brennan: Actually, the two damaged individuals, you can, because you also have experienced what we call a short rest, may roll one of your hit die, which is I believe the d12 and a d10, unless I'm mistaken.

Zac: d12?

Lou: A d10?

Brennan: Roll that die, add your Constitution modifier, you may regain that many hit points.

Zac: Okay.

Lou: Uh, 5!

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: 9 plus, 11. But my max is 14.

Brennan: So you're back at max.

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: And I'm 1 below max.

Brennan: 1 below max, great.

Zac: I'm sorry.

Brennan: Very well. We begin the battle, plunging into the cafeteria. First in the initiative order is Fabian. What does Fabian do?

Lou: I vault onto the table and go for this first corn cutie.

Brennan: Incredible. Go ahead and make an Acrobatics check, if you would.

Brennan: Is that natural 1?

Lou: That's a natural 1.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: God.

Emily: Humiliating. You left it on the field, man!

Lou: Yeah, I did, clearly.

Murph: He’s tapped out.

Lou: Exactly, I'm tired, all right?

Emily: I'm kind of glad, I'm rooting for the corn.

Ally: Yeah, same!

Brennan: Okay, you leap forward and fucking trip and faceplant in the rows in between the tables. You've used up your movement. You're not within five feet of the corn gremlin, but you still have an action if you wanna take an action.

Emily: Do this, so you make it look like you meant to do that.

Lou: Yeah, can I stand and just brush myself and be like,

Fabian: I mean, yeah, it happens, I mean, the tables are so high here!

Ally: So high!

Fabian: I'm a runner, I'm not a jumper, okay!

Brennan: Your swashbuckler has fucking dipped and eaten it on the first action of combat. We move now to the next in the order. You guys see that lunch lady Doreen looks up and says,

Doreen: Oh, you kids aren't going anywhere!

Brennan: And reaches up with her ladle. The sole door to the cafeteria where you guys have just come from, whoosh, is locked with arcane energy. You see dozens of government mandated recipes in draconic and runic languages, bam, slap into place. The door is sealed.

Emily: Oh yeah, I was gonna do that on my turn, so. We all wanted to do that, so.

Zac: We all - Good design of the cafeteria.

Brennan: Adaine, that's you.

Siobhan: Uh.

Ally: Just looking through your spells frantically.

Siobhan: Well, all my sp-- So I need to be within 30 feet of these people to cast anything, so I'm gonna go do that. One, two, three, four, five, six. Am I within 30 feet?

Brennan: Um, you are not.

Siobhan: Okay, well, here I am.

Brennan: When you're taking your movement, you can also, if you like, take a dodge action, which is gonna give disadvantage to anyone trying to hit you.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, can I dodge and hide underneath this?

Brennan: Dodge is actually, you don't have to do anything for it, you just announce, like “I'm dodging,” and if anything happens.

Murph: Just get ready. Take a wide stance.

Siobhan: Okay, I'm dodging.

Brennan: Excellent. That's now going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Oh, Gorgug. Gorgug saw his friend - Not his friend, but the person he knows -

Ally: Hey, maybe one day.

Zac: The guy who punched him in the face fall. And just looks back and forth and jumps on the table to try to hit the corn cutie.

Emily: Try to settle his debt.

Brennan: Do you want to give me an Acrobatics check?

Zac: Okay. Ohh. I got a 8.

Brennan: Cool, cool.

Siobhan: Defeated by a table.

Zac: How hard is it to jump on a table?

Lou: My God.

Murph: Why are we jumping on tables?

Emily: It’s a table!

Brennan: It's not too hard, so you go to jump, and you kind of scramble a little bit, but then you get up there, it cost you an extra 5 feet of movement.

Zac: I'm gonna take a swing at this little corn cutie.

Ally: Awww!

Gorgug: Aaahhh!

Emily: What a cutie!

Brennan: It's scary. Goddammit.

Emily: I love them, I'd never think about hurting them.

Zac: I'm sorry for hitting something so -

Brennan: Don't you get it, they're bad corn.

Ally: I'm almost positive I had a corn stuffed animal as like, my primary friend for a long time.

Brennan: Look, this is frightening, and you're all frightened. Let's go ahead and roll that attack roll.

Zac: That's a 10.

Brennan: And the thing sort of flaps its corn husk wings and jumps out of the way.

Zac: He's so cute.

Brennan: It's like one of those animals which is moving so fast that it's scary.

Emily: No, it's cute.

Brennan: Riz.

Murph: I'm gonna try to, let me see if I can get around this guy. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. Can I get back - Actually, can I try to get back up around here?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Acrobatics check.

Murph: Acrobatics? Oh boy, this hasn't been going well for people.

Emily: Aw man, this table is -

Ally: Aye!

Murph: Oh, I got good stuff too. 17.

Brennan: You're used to having to get up on big stuff, you nimbly flip up there on the table.

        Riz: I'm always jumping on tables, guys.

Murph: And then I'm gonna stab this little corn cutie with my rapier.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: 12?

Brennan: 12 is not gonna do it.

Murph: Fucking corn!

Ally: What do you add to this?

Riz: Plus 6.

Brennan: You rolled, but my friend, you roll advantage 'cause you're flanking.

Murph: Oh, dope.

Ally: Ayeee.

Murph: Yes, 25.

Brennan: That'll do it!

Murph: Okay, so I get sneak attack, and my d8. 9.

Brennan: You guys see that Riz, the "Briefcase Kid", leaps onto the table and skewers this, and you see the kernels fall off a naked cob, as the husk dries and withers.

Riz: Sorry, everyone.

Emily: Fucked up.

Ally: One corn down.

Brennan: That'll be the corn gremlins.

Emily: Damn, they rolled better than me?

Lou: You got beat by the corn cuties.

Zac: Oh, I didn't even notice there's a corn cutie over there.

Siobhan: There’s one over here.

Murph: Yeah, there's a corn cutie back there.

Brennan: One, two, three, four.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Brennan: One, two, three, four. This one's only got one, two, three.

Emily: Motherfucker.

BL Oh look, this little guy's gonna jump off of here.

???: Aw.

Brennan: One, two, three, four. This one's gonna take a swing at Fig.
 
Fig: Bring it on!

Brennan: And just misses just as you hold up your guitar, as he's -

Emily: Bass guitar.

Brennan: Sorry. Kristen.

Ally: Alright. This is really confusing to me because I worship the corn God, so in a way these all look like little angels. I think I'm going to jump up on the table, so that I'm flanking that corn God who's attacking her.

Brennan: Sure, go give me the Athletics check.

Ally: 5, plus, what do I add to it?

Brennan: You add your Dexterity modifier.

Murph: Oh my God, you got a 2.

Ally: Negative 3, so I have a 2.

Lou: We're not good at jumping.

Emily: Everyone stop jumping on tables.

Ally: I'm holding a staff everyone, I'm holding a large staff.

Brennan: You go for it, and your staff gets stuck in between the bench and the table and you don't quite make it all the way up there. But you didn't roll a nat 1, so you didn't fall down.

Lou: I have excellent Acrobatics. Every other time, if I rolled any other number than 1, I would have nailed it.

Brennan: Kristen can go ahead, so you don't make it to the table so you're not flanking, but you still can take an action.

Ally: Okay, I can still attack it or something?

Brennan: You still attack, yes.

Ally: Okay. Ugh, God I'm sorry, cutie. Okay, I'm gonna attack with my staff, I guess. 9.

Brennan: That is not gonna do it. You whiff, missing the corn gremlin. Fig, that's gonna be you.

Emily: Alright, I'm looking straight at Doreen and I'm saying,

Fig: You're just another maternal figure that has let me down.

Emily: And I'm gonna let this cute adorable ear of corn take an attack of opportunity on me, as I run forward towards Doreen.

Brennan: It takes a swing. What's your armor class?

Emily: 12.

Brennan: Yeah it's gonna hit for sure.

Emily: But I can still run though, right? Or did that stop me?

Brennan: Yes you can! It deals you 3 points of damage with a nasty, serrated, corn husk leaf claw.

Emily: Adorable, adorable. I wink at it, it's so cute.

Corn Cutie: I'm not!

Siobhan: ???

Emily: And then I'm just gonna come to here, and I'm gonna cast Dissonant Whispers on Doreen. She's gotta make a saving throw, or take 3d6 psychic damage.

Murph: Wow.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: Whoa, Dissonant Whispers.

Emily: That's right.

Zac: Can I see it?

Emily: And I say,

Fig: Doreen, why did you bring these innocent corn into this?

Ally: Think of the corndren!

Murph: I'm worried that this corn monster is gonna make more corn babies.

Ally: Oh, motherfucker.

Zac: Yeah, I'm worried about these tables.

Murph: These tables are the real enemy.

Ally: Who's been waxing them, and why can't we all jump onto them?

Brennan: So, go ahead and roll 3d6.

Emily: Okay, uh, 7.

Brennan: How do you cast your spell, how do you cast Dissonant Whispers?

Emily: I would play like a sick Les Claypool from Primus bass guitar riff, just like ba-doom.

Brennan: Waves of psychic energy.

Zac: And it’s so sick!

Emily: It's so sick, it's got like a really good rhythm.

Murph: If it were a regular guitar, it would be so sick.

Brennan: Waves of extremely low, deep energy emanate from your bass guitar.

Emily: And I do as much of a split as I can while I'm doing it.

Ally: But it's like that awkward, you kind of stopped 'cause you thought it would go deeper.

Emily: I'd never done one before.

Brennan: There's like one knee there. Ba-ba-ba-boom. Doreen is hit with psychic energy, and injured, but not as badly as she otherwise would have been.

Doreen: You're gonna have to try harder than that, sweetie. 

Fig: Why did you inspire me if you had this plan?

Brennan: Make an Insight check for me, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: Okay, ooh we're looking at, it's gonna be a 22.

Brennan: 22?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: As you ask the question, you look at Doreen, and see that there is no recognition in her eyes of what you're talking about.

Ally: Spooky!

Emily: I shout to everyone, I say

Fig: Guys, it's not Doreen, the corn is what's bad.

Kristen: We already knew that!

Fig: Doreen is just the conduit!

Murph: She’s corn again

Zac: Corn again!

Ally: He’s got an asshole, ewwwww.

Zac: He's got a butt hole.

Emily: He's like glam rock.

Zac: He's got a couple of butt holes.

Emily: Covered in butt holes!

Brennan: You guys see this ooze indeed has multiple butt holes. It moves -

Emily: Oh, and little corns come out of that.

Corn Ooze: Bluh, bluh bluh bluh bluh.

Murph: I'm gonna stab him in the corn hole.

Ally: Oh no.

Brennan: It ignores all of you guys, and heads over here to this door.

Emily: What does he want from there, get more corn?

Murph: He's gonna corn the door. I don't know what that does.

Lou: I don't know what that verb is, but he's gotta do it.

Murph: He's gonna corn the door.

Brennan: And you see that the butt holes all over the corn ooze's body tremble, quiver.

Murph: He's making corn babies.

Ally: No! You fucking knew it!

Brennan: New little corn babies pop out.

Ally: I was gonna try to throw corn into that.

Murph: We gotta kill this corn mom.

Lou: Yep.

Brennan: That's gonna go back to Fabian.

Lou: Well, I get up, polish myself off, then I make sure everyone's watching, and I go to vault this other table to get to that corn gremlin.

Emily: Oh, shit, wait!

Murph: Okay! We're all gonna die!

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an Acrobatics.

Lou: Fuck you, I'm good at this. 13, plus - 19!

Emily: Nice.

Brennan: So Fabian, what do you say as you're about to vault?

Fabian: Everyone, look, I'm good!

Emily: We're all distracted, and all get attacked.

Brennan: You effortlessly back flip, three flips in the air, bam, and land in the space next to this corn gremlin. Go ahead and make your attack.

Lou: Hell yeah. 9.

Brennan: That's gonna be a miss. I think you spend way too much time -

Lou: Nailing the vault?

Brennan: vaulting that the corn gremlin kinda goes like and just sees exactly where you're gonna land and dips out of the way. Lunch lady Doreen looks at you.

Ally: This is awesome. I'm sorry, it just hit me, sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. This is so fucking cool.

Brennan: This is a good game, people have been playing this game for many years, thus, it's very good.

Ally: Prove it.

Emily: Since the Renaissance, actually.

Ally: Really?

Emily: Just kidding.

Lou: Da Vinci invented the game.

Ally: Wait, what?

Brennan: Lunch lady Doreen moves to the steam table and goes,

Doreen: I was never a role model for anybody, sweetheart. I make the rules now.

Fig: Don't you remember me, I played the drums and you thought I was pretty good.

Doreen: You know what, I think you're in for a little surprise!

Brennan: Dips her ladle in the tuna surprise.

Emily: I open my mouth.

Kristen: No, don't do it, don't!

Brennan: What's your armor class?

Lou: God, what're you thinking?

Emily: 12.

Brennan: 12? You are dealt 7 points -

Zac: No!

Siobhan: Oh my God, you died.

Brennan: - of acid damage as hot, steaming, fiery -

Murph: Did you go down?

Zac: She was at 6.

Emily: Bye, bitches!

Brennan: Were you injured?

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: Yeah, she got hit by this one, took an attack or opportunity.

Brennan: That's right, oh no.

Murph: You only have 10HP?

Zac: She has 9 total.

Murph: Level 1 is nuts.

Zac: Yikes.

Brennan: Ooh. This is going bad.

Ally: I have spells that I can help you with though.

Emily: So I'm just down to 0, right?

Brennan: You're not dead, you're just unconscious and need to make death saving throws. Every turn you're unconscious you roll a d20. Three successes stabilize, but you remain unconscious. Three failures, you're permanently dead. Now, Adaine, what do you do?

Siobhan: I'm going to go one, two, three, four, five, six, and then cast, or try to cast Witch Bolt on this corn machine over here.

Lou: Corn machine.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it, go ahead, and I believe Witch Bolt is an attack roll, yes?

Siobhan: It is, and I have plus 6 spell attack bonus.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an attack.

Siobhan: 11?

Brennan: 11 hits, this thing is a big ol' ooze.

Siobhan: 1d12.

Brennan: Yes, 1d12 lightning damage, go ahead and roll that.

Siobhan: 8.

Brennan: Adaine, you step forward, raise your goofily large orb aloft, and lightning shoots forth from the orb, and the ooze screams out in pain.

Siobhan: Can I duck under this table, or at least duck behind the table?

Emily: You could duck under my dead body.

Brennan: Unfortunately, you've used your action. You did a very heroic thing, and now that's what's going on with you.

Siobhan: Great, I'm brave.

Brennan: That's gonna be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, I'm going to… Just 'cause I want you to be able to get closer, I'm going to move to here.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: And attack that corn cutie that's coming at you.

Ally: Nice. Thanks, pal.

Zac: And that one’s like five -

Brennan: They're called corn gremlins, they called corn gremlins.

Zac: Oh, I'm hearing cutie.

Ally: What a little cutie.

Siobhan: Yeah, corn cutie.

Brennan: Goddammit.

Zac: 20. Not natural 20.

Brennan: Not natural. That's gonna do it, go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: One d12.

Emily: Fuck them up.

Ally: Fuck him up.

Emily: Make some popcorn outta that guy.

Zac: I hit him for 9.

Brennan: You look at this little corn thing going like and the cob is shorn in half.

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: And the tall, lanky, loner kid behind you with the great axe has just cleaved this fucking corn cutie in half.

Ally: Fuck yeah, I mean, shoot. Freaking heck yeah. Shoot yes.

Brennan: That's now going to be Riz.

Murph: Cool, I am going to, how close would I have to get to shoot this dude?

Brennan: I think the range -

Murph: It's like 80 feet, right?

Zac: Oh, can I yell something out, or is it too late?

Brennan: You can yell something out, yeah go for it.

Gorgug: I think he's going for the pantry.

Ally: Nice.

Fabian: Thank you.

Gorgug: Did you guys not, okay we didn't talk about it.

Adaine: Yeah, we got it.

Murph: We gotta stop this corn blob.

Emily: My lifeless corpse -

Murph: She shudders on the ground.

Gorgug: I just wanna make, just felt like -

Brennan: Your range on that thing is great, it's 80. You're good to go.

Murph: Okay, sweet. Cool, I guess I'll just shoot at him from back here.

Brennan: You might want to move out of the way of Fabian so you're not shooting past Fabian.

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: Please, I'd appreciate that.

Riz: Duck!

Murph: Alright cool, I'll move up to here then.

Brennan: Cool, you're jumping off another series of tables?

Murph: Do you want me to give Acrobatics?

Brennan: Yeah go ahead and give me an Acrobatics.

Murph: Or actually, I can kinda hide behind it, right?

Brennan: Yeah, you can hide behind it.

Lou: I love our insistence on being on top of tables.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll attack.

Murph: I'm aiming right for his corn hole. 9.

Brennan: That's not gonna do it.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: You guys see Riz takes out a gun in school. Just a straight up gun, like an arquebus.

Kristen: Jesus, Briefcase Kid!

Riz: It's a magic gun! It’s a magic gun, everyone.

Emily: “My cigarettes feel so tame now.” That's what I would say if I wasn't dead.

Brennan: These gremlins leap into action. It's gonna be going for Adaine, and one, two, three, four.

Siobhan: Goodbye, everybody.

Emily: They look like little grasshoppers.

Brennan: What's your armor class?

Siobhan: 12.

Brennan: 12? Ooh, that's not very good!

Emily: Grass poppers.

Brennan: 8 points of damage to Adaine.

Zac: Oh no!

Murph: Are you down?

Ally: Are you down?

Emily: You should’ve hid under my dead body.

Ally: Shit.

Brennan: Oof, boy.

Emily: No one look up my skirt while I'm down. It’s very -

Siobhan: If I'm on zero hit points, do I still have to do the death saves?

Brennan: You do, that’s correct. Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Ally: I'm actually gonna do Bless, can I do Bless for the -

Brennan: Yeah, so pick three creatures to cast Bless on.

Ally: Would they be like other characters that we’re in?

Brennan: Yep, absolutely.

Ally: Okay, so then everyone remaining that's standing has Bless now.

Zac: What's Bless do again?

Brennan: You add a d4 to pretty much every roll that you make.

Zac: Great.

Ally: Like saving or attack.

Brennan: Cool

Murph: Sweet.

Lou: Great.

Ally: Cool.

Zac: Great, great, great, great.

Ally: So there you go, guys.

Lou: Thank you.

Ally: Of course.

Brennan: Dope.

Ally: Thank God.

Brennan: Thank-- Hey, Helio. Thank, Helio.

Ally: Don't thank me.

Brennan: Thank Helio.

Ally: Thank Helio, thank Sol.

Brennan: That's now going to be, you also can take your move action this turn, if you like.

Ally: Yeah, I should get closer. I'll jump onto that first one.

Brennan: This one here?

Ally: I'll jump onto that first table.

Brennan: Which table here, this one here?

Ally: No...

Siobhan: Don't jump on any tables, just stay down.

Murph: If I'm in range of that, I'm adding a minus 3.

Emily: Jump on this table.

Brennan: I hope I haven't done anything as a dungeon master to insinuate that you have to jump on tables.

Ally: Alright, I'm gonna roll to jump onto that table. 16.

Emily: Yeah, man!

Ally: And what's the other thing?

Brennan: Well, you did a minus 3, but that's good enough.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: 13, cool.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Up on a table.

Emily: Get up on that table!

Lou: Tell you what, these corn cuties may be getting us, but these tables.

Ally: Yeah, these tables.

Lou: We're showing these tables.

Ally: Yeah. These took out two.

Brennan: Fig, I need you to make a death saving throw.

Emily: Okay, so what do I got, just like not a 1?

Brennan: Well no, 10 or higher is a success,

Emily: 14!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: It's a success.

Emily: Thank you, thank you, thank you.

Lou: You're not dead,

Ally: You're not dead.

Siobhan: Yet.

Brennan: That's now going to be the ooze. You guys see that the ooze lifts up a pseudo-paw to smash the door of the pantry.

Gorgug: It's going for the pantry.

Kristen: We know!

Adaine: We know that!

Fabian: Shut up.

Gorgug: I just -

Brennan: Raises up a fist, boom! Hits the pantry door and the pantry door dents, but does not break.

Fabian: Hurry!

Brennan: Okay. That's gonna be Fabian.

Emily: Oh, he didn't make more corn babies this time.

Murph: Kill that corn monster.

Lou: I stab the corn monster.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll that d20 plus a d4 for Bless.

Emily: You got this.

Lou: 17.

Brennan: That'll do it, go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Do we include the d4 on damage, or no.

Brennan: Not on damage, no.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Lou: 10.

Brennan: Skewered. I'm very sorry, on that last turn.

Emily: Aw, I thought.

Zac: I forgot about the corn.

Brennan: Only one.

Murph: We gotta kill this big boy.

Ally: Yeah, what kind of damage does the big boy have so far? Does the big boy have any damage?

Brennan: The Witch Bolt, it has the Witch Bolt.

Siobhan: Yeah, I did 8 damage to it.

Ally: Nice. Okay, cool.

Emily: Take that.

Brennan: That's the lunch lady.

Ally: She pops out a corn.

Lou: “Where did that-- Where did that come from?”

Emily: She gives a really realistic birth.

Ally: “Someone hold my hand.” It takes hours. Like, we see what you're doing, please stop it.

Siobhan: So gross.

Murph: Brennan describes the whole thing.

Ally: That's the whole campaign, and we end on a cliff note.

Zac: The rest of the session.

Brennan: You see that Doreen looks at you Kristen, standing up on the table, and goes,

Doreen: Oh, hey there, little girl, you think you're chosen of the corn God? Well, I was blind but now you can't see.

Brennan: Fuwa! And a beam of sickly yellow light shoots out of her ladle. Make a Constitution saving throw.

Ally: Is that 20?

Murph: That is a d20, yeah.

Brennan: That is a d20, yes.

Ally: 20.

Murph: Nat 20!

Ally: Nat 20.

Murph: Corn God!

Lou: Corn God. Corn God.

Murph: Divine corn-ervention.

Brennan: Hold on, let me just roll something real quick. You see that the light goes towards you, boom, the cafeteria is filled with light, and you guys smell the sweet, fresh smell of popcorn. Lunch lady Doreen is knocked back and hurled into the kitchen, smashing into the plates and falling to the ground as Helios intervenes on your behalf, is that state of a natural 20. You hear a voice in your head saying,

Voice: Kristen, I love you.

Kristen: I know.

Emily: Oh my God. Wait a second, so the corn God is a man.

Voice: Why did you assume I was a man, based on my - ?

Kristen: That was a deep woman's voice.

Emily: Good, okay, I like that.

Brennan: Incredible, next is going to be Adaine, I need you to roll a death saving throw.

Emily: You got this, girl, I seen you roll.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: What'd you roll?

Siobhan: Nat 1.

Brennan: That is two failures. One more failure and Adaine is permanently dead.

Emily: Oh my God.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's gonna be you baby.

Emily: Should we all hold hands under the table?

Lou: Yes, let's do that.

Emily: The next time that Adaine has to roll.

Ally: You won't have to, 'cause I'm within touching distance and I have as many Spare the Dying as I need.

Zac: I wanna attack this thing, but I don't think I can get there, so let me see. One, two, three, four, five, six, that's as far as I can move.

Brennan: That's as far as you can move, and you can either move further, or take a dodge action if you want.

Murph: Or you can swing at a corn cutie.

Zac: I'm gonna swing at that corn cutie. Right? I can do that.

Brennan: Oh, there's one right next to you, go for it.

Zac: Cool.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: So, my two die.

Emily: Cut that cutie. Cut that cutie.

Zac: I got 17.

Brennan:: Roll damage, baby.

All: Cut that cutie, cut that cutie, cut that cutie!

Zac: I hit it for 9, wait,

Brennan: Bam! Fucking corn goes everywhere, there's a huge axe incision deep into the tile floor.

Zac: I say a little, just to myself,

Gorgug: Not so cute anymore, are you?

Riz: What did you say, man? Huh?

Kristen: What did you say?

Riz: You said something really quiet.

Fabian: What did you say?

Kristen: You're still holding your flower.

Riz: To the corn. What did you say to the corn?

Gorgug: In the pantry!

Fabian: Oh, it’s the pantry? The thing’s going to the pantry?

Riz: Yeah, okay. Cool.

Fabian: Great, great.

Ally: “It's going to the pantry.”

Brennan: That's gonna now be Riz.

Gorgug: I'm pretty sure it's going to the -

Murph: I'm going to, just in case things get crazy at the pantry, I'm gonna try to get a little closer. How close can I get here, 5, 10, 20.

Emily: You could always hide under my dead body, I'm offering that.

Murph: I'm gonna try to get here, and try to shoot this guy in the corn hole.

Lou: Shoot him in the corn hole.

You get a four also.

Ooh, aim for the corn hole.

Murph: Oh yeah, sweet.

- Thank you for Blessing us.

Kristen: Oh yeah, don't thank me.

- Oh, yeah, dice is 27.

- Thank God.

Brennan: And you're shooting into the corn hole?

Murph: I'm shooting him right in the corn hole.

Lou: Damage that corn hole.

Ally: Yeah, for God.

Murph: 9.

Brennan: 9 damage, you see that -

Emily: What if the next corn baby that comes out just has a bullet in its face.

Ally: And it goes, “Thanks for nothing.”

Brennan: You fire your gun at him, boom, your bullet shoots into the ooze, and you see it go. It seems like it didn't like it, but it seems like you wanted that to do a lot, you were trying to do your rogue sneak attack, like where are this thing's vital points, and it's sort of like, it's a big ball of creamed corn. But does seem injured, but just not as injured as you woulda liked.

Murph: Great. Can I hide under the table, I guess I'll try to hide.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Ally: Nice!

Murph: So much. 26.

Brennan: Whew, hell yeah.

Ally: What happened to the lunch lady?

Lou: She got knocked back by God.

Emily: You - You -

Ally: I mean, I know what happened, thank you Helio, but is she, so she's knocked out?

Brennan: You don't know yet, you just saw her dip behind there.

Ally: K.O.

Brennan: This guy's going for you, both of these guys are going for Riz.

Murph: Didn't I hide?

Brennan: You did hide, but it just gives them disadvantage.

Murph: Oh, okay.

Emily: That is really embarrassing.

Brennan: Y’know what, I'll make Perception checks for them to see if they see you, but if they do then you'll still get the disadvantage.

Emily: You hide and then still get hit.

Ally: And they just find you.

Emily: They just kick you under the table.

Brennan: What's your Stealth roll?

Murph: 18, 26.

Brennan: Jesus. No they don't see you. You did under the table so all these guys are coming for Kristen.

Ally: Oh no. It's okay, I'm strong.

Murph: You got a lot of AC, 18?

Brennan: Gorgug, what's your AC?

Zac: 13.

Brennan:: You take four points of damage. Two of these guys going for Kristen, yours is 18, right?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Your halo glows with holy light, and these gremlins find no purchase on your sacred body. You see that the light glows so bright that one of the kernels on one of them goes and it goes and screams.

Ally: Wait, that's a possibility?

Brennan: This one goes for Fabian,

Lou: I think we're all gonna convert by the end.

Emily: I know.

Ally: It's not hard to live this life, you just have to believe.

Brennan: What's your armor?

Lou: 16.

Brennan: You effortlessly dodge as this gremlin takes a swipe at you.

Fabian: Aha!

Brennan: That's now going to be Kristen, that's you.

Ally: Cool, can I bolt through these corn people, the cuties I mean, or do I have to deal with them.

Brennan: They'll get attacks on you, if you leave their threatened area.

Emily: You do have a high AC though.

Brennan: Yeah, I'm gonna do it, 'cause I would just need to touch.

Murph: She's gonna die.

Siobhan: You gotta touch me, baby.

Ally: I gotta touch you, baby.

Lou: Touch me baby.

Emily: Ooh. It is nice that Healing is touch.

Brennan: They get free attacks on you, and these gremlins are too overpowered by the light.

Lou: What is happening? Is God real? I guess so.

Siobhan: This specific God.

Lou: This specific God, the corn one is real.

Murph: All of our characters just believe in corn God now. Just confirmed.

Emily: I definitely, it's hard to not.

Brennan: Kristen's arc of converting you all was accomplished in the first two episodes of this show.

Murph: Yeah, we're done, this is it, the game's over, y’all.

Emily: The rest of it is just us converting other people.

Brennan: Kristen, you can go ahead and roll that Cure Wounds spell if you like.

Ally: Oh cool, and do I add this bless thing to it?

Brennan: You do not, oh, but you have the life domain, so you actually add an additional two. So it's 1d8 plus 6.

Ally: 1. Plus -

Brennan: Adaine regains 7 hit points, and no longer has the -

Murph: Yeah. She back.

Emily: Nice girl.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: From death's door to some way alive.

Ally: You’re welcome. It was nice to touch you.

Brennan: Amazing from Kristen, Fig go ahead and make that save for me.

Emily: Okay. 5, that's a failure.

Brennan: That's a failure. The ooze reaches up its hand.

Emily: Am I seeing anything, am I having visions of my demon daddy or anything like that?

Ally: Demon daddy?

Brennan: In death, as you're sitting there being slowly burned by -

Emily: By corn.

Brennan: By corn, or by tuna surprise, you hear a voice saying,

Voice: Fig, can you hear me Fig? This thing on?

Emily: This thing?

Voice: Hey, what do I, what should I call ya? Ya feeling alright, how ya feeling?

Emily: Can I talk back to it?

Brennan: Yeah, try to talk back.

Fig: Dad?

Voice: Fig?

Fig: Is that you, dad? Yeah, you can call me Fig.

Voice: What's wrong with you?

Fig: Oh, I'm gonna die 'cause corn.

Voice: That'll happen sometimes, listen kiddo. I gotta go.

Fig: Wait, no, we just, but I haven’t even met you. Is that your motorcycle? My dad drives a motorcycle? Oh my God.

Brennan: All you guys just see Fig kinda smiling, blood is just flowing down her nose.

Ally: Oh God.

Gorgug: We gotta help her.

Brennan: You see that the ooze reaches it's pseudo-paw back, and wham! On the door again. And the door indents further, does not fully bust through.

Lou: Ooh, baby.

Ally: Hell yeah. We’ve got one more chance at this.

Siobhan: What's he even gonna do when he gets in there?

Brennan: Fabian, that's gonna be you.

Lou: If I ran for the ooze, there would be an attack of opportunity from the corn thing?

Brennan: That's correct, yes.

Lou: Yeah, I'm gonna sprint at the ooze, and jump and double fist my rapier into one of the butt holes.

Murph: I've been working on this butt hole, so.

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, go for it.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Plus the four, plus the four.

Lou: 11.

Brennan: 11 to hit the ooze, that hits. Yeah, he ain't wearing armor. Oh by the way, what's your armor class? Doesn't matter the corn gremlin does not hit you.

Lou: Great, do I add a Bless to my, not to the damage roll, right?

Brennan: Not to the damage roll.

Lou: Great. 12.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Ooh, shit, you see that the ooze does not like that, and considers wheeling around to face you.

Emily: Whoa.

Brennan: You see that the lunch lady, gets up -

Lou: Please come touch me with that ooze.

Brennan: - rushes forward, one, two, three, four. Or, it is three here, and she's gonna go ahead and automatically hit Fabian for 6 points of damage, as a bunch of hot tater tots skewer out of her ladle.

Ally: Tater tots.

Fabian: You didn't mention those were on the menu. I didn't know those were a choice. I would've chosen those.

Doreen: I make them for myself, and only I eat them. All by myself, 'cause I'm crazy.

Fabian: Uh-huh.

Brennan: Adaine, it's gonna be you.

Siobhan: I don't know if I can do this, but can I try to use Mage Hand to pull the ladle out of her hand? Is that an allowed thing with Mage Hand?

Brennan: You know what, the ladle's less than 5 pounds. I will make it an opposed, it'll be Doreen's primary caster modifier, so roll Intelligence plus proficiency, and she will roll her Charisma plus proficiency.

Siobhan: Plus 2, great.

Zac: So, plus 6 total.

Siobhan: 22.

Brennan: Wow, you reach your hand out and the ladle leaves her hand and goes wha-bam, hits you. She goes,

Doreen: No the source of all my power! I need that for my power!

Kristen: She's really laying it out for us. It coulda gone either way.

Gorgug: Guys I think the ladle was the source of her power!

Kristen: Gorgug, we know.

Doreen: Aw, dangit, Doreen, you're so bad at being evil.

Brennan: Gorgug, it is your turn.

Zac: I'm just gonna kill this one right here.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Zac: Just to make sure you can save her. That's 14 plus 5.

Brennan: That'll do it, roll damage.

Murph: Kill him.

Zac: I got, uh, 8.

Brennan: Gone, this guy right here?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan:: Toast.

Ally: Sweet.

Brennan: Riz, that is your turn.

Murph: Alright, so to get sneak attack, I need to go around in front of him? To be flanking him?

Brennan: Yes, to be flanking you gotta get to the other side.

Murph: Okay, I'll just shoot him from here.

Ally: Jump on the table.

Emily: Jump on the table.

Zac: Jump on the table.

Emily: Jump on the table.

Lou: Yeah, that's what we want.

Ally: Roll for the table. This is a roll for the table, huh?

Murph: I'm not rolling for the table, no.

Emily: He’s rolling to jump on the table.

Murph: This isn't fun time, this is kill a corn mommy time.

Lou: Are we still blessed?

Ally: You get on the table!

Murph: 17 to hit.

Brennan: That hits.

Murph: Okay. 6 damage.

Brennan: Bam, this thing screams out. That is now going to be, the corn gremlin's turn. This one's gonna fly over to you, this guy's going for Gorgug, this one’s going for Kristen. Riz, what's your armor class?

Murph: 15.

Brennan: You take 4 points of damage from a corn gremlin that attacks you. Gorgug, what's your AC?

Zac: 13.

Brennan: One deals you 4 points of damage.

Zac: That's 6.

Brennan: And Kristen?

Ally: 18.

Brennan: One of them slashes you.

Emily: What?

Brennan: For three points of damage.

Lou: Oh thank God, okay then, the God's not real. That was just a fluke.

Brennan: That is now going to be, look at these little - I find them spooky.

Siobhan: So cute.

Brennan: Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Ally: Okay, great. I am going to - Should I just take out a corn guy, or - how many rolls do you have of death?

Emily: If I were to roll a 1, I would be dead.

Ally: Yeah, okay, I'll go to her.

Emily: But I probably won't roll a 1.

Zac: I mean probably.

Ally: Just in case though.

Emily: It's kinda fun to tempt the fates. I'm not gonna roll a 1.

Zac: Save her!

Lou: I mean you can go hang out with your dad.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Lou: I mean, this is, I’m all about -

Ally: This is your last chance to ask me to just save you,

Brennan: Living on the edge.

Ally: 'Cause I will, I'll just save you.

Murph: I think save her.

Emily: I'm not gonna roll a 1.

Brennan: Ally.

Murph: She's gonna roll a 1.

Brennan: What does Kristen do?

Ally: Wait, if she dies, she's out for the whole campaign?

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: She's dead forever.

Ally: That's insane.

Emily: I'm not gonna roll a 1.

Lou: That chair will be empty for the next 6 episodes.

Emily: I would be out, I wouldn't get to roll a new character?

Brennan: No, no, no, no, no. We'd get you a new character, maybe.

Emily: Yeah, maybe.

Zac: Maybe, ha!

Ally: I'm going to go for that corn baby. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I'm gonna save her, I'm gonna save her.

Emily: I'm not gonna roll a 1.

Ally: I'm gonna go for Spare the Dying.

Brennan: One of the corns takes a swipe at you, and misses. Go ahead, you automatically cast the spell, you lean down, and once again the smell of sweet corn fills your nostrils, As the sound of your dad's motorcycle fades away.

Fig: I was with my dad.

Brennan: I believe spare the dying keeps you at 0.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: So, but you're like part there, but you're stable now, your saves are erased. This ooze smashes the door. Bam.

Murph: What?

Zac: Whoa!

Lou: That's so cool.

Emily: What do we got, what do we got?

Siobhan: Look at the tons of corn.

Emily: Barrels of corn. I played my drums on them.

Ally: Oh no.

Brennan: And it moves right on in there, and starts, it hasn't put anything in its mouth yet, but oh baby is it in there. That is now going to go back to the top of the order, Fabian.

Lou: Can I use Second Wind?

Brennan: Yes you may.

Lou: That's d10 plus, yeah, d10 plus level. Does Bless apply here, or just the d10?

Brennan: I don’t - Bless does not apply.

Lou: Great. 10. Plus my level, it’s 11.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you regain.

Lou: Yeah back up, back up to max.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Oh, actually, I'm sorry, I forgot to roll on this thing’s last turn.

Lou: Oh my God, do I have to fight a corn cutie again?

Siobhan: Corn butts.

Brennan: So yeah, you do that bonus action, you can move and take an action now, you can do whatever you like.

Lou: Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean we charge forward, as per usual, yeah.

Brennan: And are you moving to attack the ooze or the gremlins?

Lou: I want the ooze, I want the ooze.

Emily: Yeah buddy, get that ooze.

Lou: Will they both get attacks of opportunities?

Brennan: Depending on where you move, you can move this way and only one will get a swing at you.

Lou: I'll take that.

Brennan: Alright, bam, right up against this thing. It takes a swing at you, misses terribly. Go ahead and make your attack.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Lou: 21.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: That's gonna do it, go ahead and roll damage.

Murph: Nice!

Lou: 14.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: 14 damage? Jesus Christ.

Murph: “Fabian is strong.” Riz thinks that in his head.

Ally: You guys are great.

Murph: “He's strong but mean.”

Brennan: You skewer deep into this thing, and you feel something, you go blade, hilt, your basket hilt, all the way to the corner, your arm goes like part of the way.

Fabian: Disgusting, abso - Oh my God, oh my God, no.

Kristen: It's on your jacket!

Emily: Why the face!

Fabian: No, no, no, not on my pants.

Brennan: You feel yourself skewer something not of the same consistency. There is a brief little puncture of something deep at the end of your rapier. And this thing goes and you see that all of the little corn gremlins go and all turn their eyes to look at you.

Fabian: I - Um - There’s - I - I hit something, there's something inside of the - Of the -

Kristen: You don't have to look so awkward about it, it was probably a good thing.

Fabian: No, I'm covered in fucking corn right now, alright!

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Brennan: She takes more than her move, she's gonna make an Acrobatics check to see if she can, she fucking faceplants.

Lou: Yeah!

Murph: Take that, lunch lady!

Gorgug: You're confusing.

Siobhan: Slippery ass tables.

Brennan: She just like fucking Terminator, like

Doreen: Gimme back my ladle!

Brennan: And, whap, into the fucking table.

Ally: These tables are a character.

Siobhan: Do I have an attack of opportunity on her now?

Brennan: Yeah, fuck it, go for it.

Siobhan: Can I fucking whack her on the back of the head with the ladle?

Brennan: Go ahead, take your attack roll.

Emily: With her own ladle?

Zac: That's just rude.

Emily: A lunch lady's worst nightmare.

Siobhan: 16 plus what?

Brennan: It doesn't matter, 16 hits.

Siobhan: 16, great.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll 1d4 plus your Dexterity modifier.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Fucking bop her.

Brennan: Ladle's a finesse weapon.

Siobhan: 4.

Brennan: 4, she fucking it's your day here in your prep school, private school uniform, and you fucking brain this old lady across the back of the head -

Ally: With her own ladle.

Brennan: With her own ladle! Blood splatters all over your refined Elven face.

Emily: Doreen!

Adaine: I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry!

Brennan: Every worst nightmare about this school has been completely confirmed, you walked out and witnessed a fight in your first 3 minutes of being here, stole something, had a panic attack, and just attacked one of the faculty.

Adaine: Oh my God, I'm Save the Last Dance.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Zac: I feel like I have to clean up this area a little bit still, like I don't think I can actually get there and attack ‘em, still. But it seems like it's gonna get worse.

Ally: We kinda got it.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: He's gonna just keep pooping out corn babies.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: I just like can't really get there.

Lou: There's something inside of it.

Ally: I mean, if you jump over the table, it's a pretty straight shot.

Zac: I'm at 6 health, so I'm worried that I'm just gonna get shellacked when I, yeah.

Murph: We all are level 1, I have 5 health.

Emily: I've been dead this entire time.

Murph: Yeah, she's dead. She saw her dad.

Ally: Well, you're at 0 now.

Emily: True.

Lou: Yeah, dude don't freak out.

Emily: So, I'm just passed out.

Brennan: What's the call, Gorgug?

Zac: I'm just gonna try to like, get to this one without doing the disengage.

Brennan: Alright, so this one's gonna get an attack on you. Give me the acrobatics to clear the table, you use Bless on that.

Zac: Yeah. I got 15.

Brennan: Go for it, yes. You vault over the table, your hoodie moving in the breeze as you sprint towards the corn gremlin. What's your armor class?

Zac: 13.

Brennan: 13. Little corn gremmy deals you 5 points of damage.

Zac: I'm at 1.

Brennan: As it shreds you with its leaves.

Ally: You gotta kill this next one.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll your attack, man.

Zac: Alright, fucking.

Ally: With Bless.

Zac: Come on y'all. Okay, Okay, 8 plus 5, 13?

Brennan: 13 exactly hits, go ahead and roll damage.

Emily: They have better AC than me.

Zac: I hit it for 8.

Brennan: You hit it for 8 points of damage,

Zac: Oh, I can throw -

Brennan: It is fucking severed, destroyed.

Ally: “You can throw,” is that what you said?

Zac: I can throw a hand axe I completely forgot to add this.

Brennan: That's going to be Riz.

Murph: Cool, how big is this thing's butt hole?

Brennan: It’s -

Murph: Goblin sized?

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Dope.

Brennan: This butt hole is goblin sized.

Murph: Riz is fucking diving in head first.

Ally: Yes.

Murph: Yep, just going right in his butt hole. I yell,

Riz: Don't tell anyone about this.

Murph: And then I jump into its butt.

Emily: Someone's getting a new nickname.

Brennan: Not really helping the ball nickname at this point.

Lou: Not at all.

Murph: I also roll up into a ball as I'm doing it.

Lou: Okay, The Ball.

Brennan: Now comes a moment as a Dungeon Master, where I have to consider what associated skill check is involved with jumping up a corn blob's butt hole. That's wild, that's really wild.

Emily: Animal Handling?

Murph: I'm just rapier out, up the ass.

Riz: Aha!

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a -

Zac: Persuasion check.

Lou: Persuasion!

Murph: Please allow me in your butt.

Emily: You must persuade the sphincter to gain entry. Charmin’.

- I'm gonna need, it's not -

- Is it survival?

Zac: Acrobatics? Is it survival?

Murph: Survival?

Brennan: Survival. I think it's actually an Acrobatics check, I'm gonna need you to make an Acrobatics check and it's gonna be opposed by

- I got Bless, I'm blessed.

a Strength check from this thing.

Emily: Oh is it going to like, clench?

Brennan: Actually you know what, this is an important enough roll, that I'd like to bring out the Box of Doom.

- Oh shit.

Siobhan: What is that?

- What is the Box of Doom?

Brennan: Here on Fantasy High, when we have rolls of substance where everything hangs in the balance, we bring out our little friend, the box of doom. This box is for important rolls, and we're gonna go ahead right here, put it in front of Murph.

Murph: Oh no, it’s so intimidating.

Ally: So cool.

Brennan: This thing gets a, a plus 4.

Murph: Okay, I also have a plus 4, I'm hashtag blessed.

Brennan: You are hashtag blessed.

Murph: Hashtag blessed.

Brennan: So you're gonna roll both those dice in the box of doom, I'm gonna roll mine, whoever rolls higher will determine what happens. One, two, three.

Ally: Yes!

Murph: 21, I'm up his ass!

Lou: He's up his ass!

Murph: And I yell to Fabian,

Riz: I'm doing this because of you!

Fabian: Do not implicate me in this in any way.

Riz: You figured it out, we need to go in its ass.

Fabian: I didn't figure that out.

Riz: Fabian and Riz!

Fabian: Wow, no.

Riz: Good job!

Fabian: No, okay, The Ball, stop.

Brennan: You guys weren't sure if this ooze was intelligent or not, until this moment, because the ooze whips it's weird eyeless, noseless, earless head around this gaping mouth and just goes with a look of confusion and shame. I'm gonna say strong shame is what you're getting off of this ooze.

Siobhan: It's been pooping in front of a bunch of people. This is what he feels shame for?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: The shame, things are supposed to come out of there.

Murph: I'm gonna abort all its little corn babies.

Lou: Yeah, using the innards it's like, get out and stay out.

Brennan: Incredible. Thank you, Box of Doom.

Lou: Thank you, Box of Doom.

Ally: Bye, Box of Doom!

Murph: You've treated us well this time.

Brennan: You guys see Riz race across the cafeteria, rapier forward, and whuh. I wish that it was like quick and easy, but there's a good 3 to 4 seconds of strong getting your shoulders up in there, while it's clenching.

Riz: Don't worry Fabian, I'll do it for both of us!

Fabian: Stop implicating - saying my name.

Brennan: One of your, nice black "Briefcase Kid" dress shoes pops off as you're trying to pull your foot into the thing's sphincter. So that's your movement and your action, I don't know if you have a bonus action right now, but you're way in there. I will let you if you wanna make another skill check with your turn, you can make another skill check.

Murph: Cool, yeah I guess I'll do a Investigate. I would like to investigate its ass.

Brennan: Pull out the magnifying glass and snoop around, let's see what we can find.

Murph: I have a lot to Investigate, 14.

Zac: Do you add 4 to it or no?

Murph: Oh I guess I’m, I'm hashtag blessed. 16.

Brennan: You scoot around in there, and you find, you can't see 'cause you're deep in hot corn, hot creamed corn, but you grab what feels like a fistful of something solid but very flimsy, like either a fabric, or maybe like a piece of paper, or some kind of parchment that you grab. And you feel an incision in the middle of it, as from a blade.

Murph: I'll try to fucking tear it up.

Brennan: But that's your turn.

Murph: Okay so I just have my hand on it.

Brennan: We're gonna go corn gremlins. He's gonna actually fly over, well Riz is -

Ally: Riz is in there.

Murph: I'm in his ass.

Brennan: I'm gonna remove your mini from the board.

Lou: It's deep inside.

Emily: Take out the inside the corn's asshole board.

Ally: An inside.

Brennan: Gorgug, you can go ahead and take an attack.

Lou: Are they all coming for me?

Brennan: Yes they are, you can go ahead and take an attack on one of these as it flies by you to get to Fabian.

Zac: Okay I guess I'll hit this one on the far right.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and roll your attack.

Lou: Hashtag blessed.

Zac: I hit it for, what was it, 5 plus 10.

Brennan: 10 does not hit, so you swing. These gremlins, I'm gonna need to make some opposed athletics checks.

Lou: Okay, great. Am I still blessed?

Brennan: You are still blessed, yes.

Lou: Great. 3 plus 4, 7.

Ally: Oof.

Brennan: Go ahead and make another opposed Athletics check.

Lou: 17. Oh, excuse me, more than 17. 17 plus 4, 21.

Brennan: You see that two of them try to go for your legs, and you manage to kick them away, but the other two come up under your arms, and go, and pull you up into the air, kicking and screaming, directly over the corn ooze as it goes and opens its mouth.

Emily: Oh my God, he's going in to join Riz.

Murph: “Welcome.”

Brennan: And they prepare to drop you.

Murph: “Temperature's just fine.”

Brennan: Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Ally: Great, and I'm gonna try to get to one of those little cornies.

Lou: Please, please try and get your little cornies.

Brennan: So that's gonna be one.

Murph: Fig is just dead.

Brennan: Two, three, four, five. Cool you're here go ahead and take a swing at one.

Ally: Awesome. Am I blessed if I blessed three people, or was I -

Brennan: You are not blessed.

Ally: I would have to pick myself.

Lou: Can she hit the ones hoisting me, or are they the other ones?

Ally: 1, nat 1.

Brennan: Nat 1? You and your staff flies out of your hands and scatters.

Kristen: Oh no, dang.

Brennan: That's going to be, Fig's still out.

Emily: Hey, guys.

Brennan: You can, like crawl a little bit if you want, but you're like burned and fucked up. The ooze opens its mouth and the corn gremlins, Fabian falls. This thing is going to now make an opposed athletics.

Lou: It's gonna try and chew me?

Brennan: It's going to try to chew you.

Emily: It has teeth?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an opposed Athletics check.

Lou: 6, uh 10.

Brennan: 10. You are engulfed. And you sustain, 7, 9 points of damage, it just goes and you guys see Fabian disappear into this thing's mouth.

Lou: Jesus.

Fabian: Well, at least Riz went in by choice.

Emily: Ooh, someone throw me in there.

Murph: You would be dead.

Brennan: The lunch lady stands up and is going to grapple with you, make an opposed.

Zac: Do you get a attack of opportunity on her if she stands up, or no?

Brennan: Standing from prone? Yeah, you can get attack of opportunity, go ahead and take a roll.

Siobhan: Great. 19.

Brennan: That hits, go ahead and roll that d4 plus Dexterity modifier again.

Emily: Slap her, slap her with the ladle.

Siobhan: 5.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Lou: We're beating the shit out of Doreen.

Adaine: I'm sorry.

Brennan: She stands up and says,

Doreen: Third try’s the -

Brennan: And you hit her so hide in the side of the face, that her jaw breaks, and a bunch of teeth fly out of her mouth, and she passes out, hits her head really hard on the table, and falls over unconscious.

Siobhan: Oh my God, I vomit.

Emily: Push her body next to mine.

Murph: You know she's paralyzed.

Emily: Are you a murderer?

Murph: You just Million Dollar Baby-ed this woman.

Adaine: No!

Gorgug: What'd you do?

Kristen: You have like a blood lust.

Siobhan: I definitely have a panic attack.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and make the, you know what, honestly, go for it.

Ally: Yeah, you definitely have a full-on panic attack.

Brennan: You're done. You're standing there, the ladle has a weird curve to it now, you're covered in blood. You have a fragment of tooth hanging in a gob of blood off your jawline.

Ally: Oh-kay.

Brennan: Alright, Adaine's turn. Just standing there breathing heavily. Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Zac: Do I have a sense of where they're at inside the corn monster?

Brennan: Make an Insight check, make a Perception check.

Zac: Perception, okay cool. I got 22 plus 3, 25.

Brennan: You see something screaming in like a stomach area, with like some kind of acid of dissolving agent in it, and then you see a much more, for lack of a better word, industrious bulge near one of the butt holes, that seems to be unperturbed by the digestive juices of this corn monster.

Zac: Okay, I'm going to try to, can I try to slash out Fabian from the mouth?

Brennan: Go ahead, so here's what you can do, you can either just take an attack and deal damage, 'cause you won't hit these guys. I will let you make an attack with disadvantage against this creature to attempt to slice out Fabian.

Zac: Great, I will do that, I'll go for that. Ugh. I got uh, 15.

Brennan: 15? You slash and there's a momentary opening where you see Fabian's - You slice through a congealing corn flesh that like seams open, and you see Fabian, like half of his face, it's like burning and sizzling, with like an arm partially exposed. What does Fabian say as this momentary seam opens up.

Fabian: Help me!

Zac: Do I roll damage on that, or no?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and roll damage for me real quick.

Zac: That's 5.

Brennan: Cool, this thing is looking fucked up, gang. Riz, that's gonna be you, baby.

Murph: Great, I have like a piece of paper in my hand?

Brennan: Yes, you have like a piece of paper in your hand, absolutely.

Murph: Okay, rip it up.

Brennan: Make a Wisdom saving throw for me, let me know what you get. We'll say this is a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw.

Murph: Okay, I've got a plus 1 to Wisdom and I'm blessed. Uh, 8.

Brennan: 8. You hear, as you start to go to rip it, you realize the last thing you wanna do is rip up this piece of paper, this could be a clue, Riz. God, think about all the stuff we could learn from this weird piece of paper, why would you wanna rip it up? Don't rip up the paper.

Emily: Rip it up, rip it up.

Brennan: You may take another action if you'd like.

Murph: Cool. Can I try to just take the paper out of it's ass?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Acrobatics check to get out of here.

Murph: Goddammit, 7 plus uh… 11.

Brennan: You start looking for the exit, and you are in a vast ocean of hot corn-plasm.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: As you start to look for that door, where you cannot find it, I'm gonna need you to make also a Constitution saving throw. Call it a DC 10 Constitution save.

Murph: Okay. Fucking 5.

Brennan: You take 4 damage.

Emily: What kind of damage is it?

Brennan: As you start to suffocate, because you can't breathe in this corn ooze's asshole.

Lou: Yeah, what are we doing in the fucking corn thing? Get out of the corn thing.

Riz: Cut me out!

Kristen: Well, there's paper in there, I guess.

Riz: I've got something, cut me out.

Brennan: The corn gremlins turn to the rest of you guys, taking some swing. These three are gonna take--

Ally: Great, now you're flanked.

Brennan: These three are gonna take swipes at Kristen,

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: One of them hits, dealing 4 points of damage to you. And then one of them is gonna take a swipe with advantage at Gorgug. What's your AC?

Zac: 13.

Brennan: You take two points of damage.

Zac: Dead.

Ally: Dang.

Brennan: How badly injured is Kristen right now?

Kristen: I have 3 hit points left remaining.

Brennan: Whoo, baby. Gorgug drops.

Lou: I'm on 1 of 7.

Brennan: Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: So you got these corn gremlins, you're very badly injured, you hear a shouting from inside this thing's butt hole.

Riz: Pull me out of its ass.

Brennan: Fabian is looking at a seam that he can maybe escape from. What do you do?

Siobhan: Stick your staff up its butt.

Ally: Yeah, can I like stick my staff up to have him hold onto it?

Murph: She threw it, though.

Brennan: Yes, go ahead and make an Acrobatics check to grab your staff up off the ground, call it DC 5.

Ally: 2.

Murph: Oh, you're not blessed, fuck.

Brennan: You fail to grab your staff, you fumble for it, there's just a lot of corn here. You're in the path of where the corn thing was. You couldn't grab your staff, what action will you take other than trying to grab the staff?

Ally: I guess I'll attack one of the corn.

Brennan: Just like take a swing with your fist?

Riz: Grab my hand!

Ally: Yeah, can I try to reach a hand in, and?

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Strength check up this thing's butt hole. It gets a plus 4, what's your Strength?

Ally: 15, or wait, plus 2.

Brennan: You get a plus 2, he gets plus 4.

Ally: 9.

Brennan: You attempt to fist this corn ooze, it has learned its lesson, and its butt hole is clenched just diamond tight.

Ally: I still know what to do.

Brennan: That is your turn.

Ally: Am I now this?

Brennan: No, it's sort of like, kinda, trying to, you know, get in there. Now the ooze turns, starts to grab barrels and barrels of creamed corn and bursts them open, raising them over its head, all the open barrels are over its head. Its mouth is open, it has not yet poured the creamed corn into itself. That's going to be, also, another little corn gremlin pops out. That's going to be Fabian.

Lou: Okay, alright, so, I can see, so there's been this seam cut.

Brennan: You can make an Athletics or an Acrobatics check to get out of here.

Lou: I'd love to make an Acrobatics check to get out of here.

Brennan: Cool, it's gonna be, call it DC 10.

Lou: DC 10, with Bless?

Brennan: Mm-hm.

Lou: Yes, 21. Oh my God.

Siobhan: Jesus fucking Christ.

Brennan: You burst out of this thing -

Emily: Oh my God.

Brennan: So that's your movement, you have an action left.

Lou: Okay, so I know Riz is in there. Attempting to pull Riz out, what are we working with?

Brennan: You can either try to brute force your way up this things butt hole, or you can attempt to do what Gorgug did, and slash and try to leave an opening for Riz to escape from.

Lou: God.

Zac: Do you reach all the way up a butt hole, or do you slash through the side of all that?

Ally: C-Section his ass.

Lou: What's the check for the butthole?

Brennan: It's a pure Strength versus Strength, the cutting is a disadvantage attack roll.

Lou: Okay. I'll take the, fuck. I'll take the Strength versus Strength.

Murph: Yeah! its ass! its ass!

Ally: Alright!

Lou: Am I blessed for this?

Brennan: Yes, go for it.

Lou: Great. 23.

Brennan: Your raw, lean, athletic frame comes into an incredible fucking Street Fighter upper cut, boom! You feel your face press up against the sphincter of its asshole as your full arm, all the way past the shoulder, gets all the way up in there. And that's gonna be Fabian's turn. Lunch lady's fucking, she makes a death save. Natural 1.

Siobhan: Oh my God I killed somebody on my first day of school.

Emily: Bye, Doreen.

Ally: And it was like the only cool person at the school.

Brennan: And not like a corn gremlin or a weird monster, but like a human, like a full person.

Siobhan: I know!

Lou: We were supposed to fix this, and then she was gonna come back to life. Nobody's supposed to get fucking eaten, nobody's supposed to get trapped in a butthole, we're just supposed to fight it and kill it.

Ally: We spent too much time jumping on tables.

Emily: In the end I was there.

Brennan: That's gonna be Adaine. You see that, the lunch lady looks up at you, dying, and the sunken aura disappears from her eyes, and she looks up at you and goes,

Doreen: The faculty, don't trust the faculty. You can't, it was them, one of them. My teeth, I can't feel my teeth.

Brennan: Adaine, what do you do?

Siobhan: Fuck, I'm gonna cast Friends on the fucking corn monster.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and cast Friends, go for it.

Siobhan: And then I'm like

Adaine: Hey buddy, why don't we put the corn down, why don't we put the corn down and let my friends go?

Brennan: You see that this jiggling mass of corn looks at you and goes and doesn't appear to have a deep understanding of friendship and mutual responsibility to another person. Gorgug, I'm gonna need you to make a death saving throw.

Zac: Blessed, or no?

Brennan: Not blessed here.

Brennan: Hell yeah, success.

Emily: Whoo!

Brennan: Riz, that's you, baby.

Murph: I'm investigating looking for that hand.

Brennan: Make an Investigation check.

Murph: Come on.

Murph: Fucking -

Ally: 3. Oh.

Murph: 9 total.

Brennan: You swim around, you can feel something just out of reach. It's so hard, it's so close.

Emily: I was really hoping for that Predator handshake, inside the asshole.

Lou: Just like right here.

Brennan: These guys fly for Adaine, these guys are gonna start taking swings at Fabian, gonna take a swing at Kristen. Fabian, what's your armor class?

Lou: 16.

Brennan: Two misses.

Lou: Whoo, hand remains in this.

Emily: You're just like.

Lou: Away!

Brennan: That's gonna be, what's your armor class, 12? Adaine, you take first 2 points of damage, and then another 2 points of damage.

Ally: Are you still alive?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: As they rend you, covered in blood, I'm gonna say the sleeves of your private school thing come off, so now you're just drenched in blood. That's now going to be Kristen.

Ally: I'm going to, I have really high Persuasion, can I try to persuade the corn thing to not pour more corn on itself?

Brennan: Make an Insight check.

Ally: Okay. 19 plus, what's Insight?

Brennan: You think that these corn gremlins are actually more possessed of a mind than the ooze is, the ooze is not getting a lot of social graces, but it's up to you what you wanna do with your turn.

Ally: Alright, fine. I attack a corn.

Brennan: One of the gremlins, cool, go for it. Not great?

Ally: Not great. What do I add to it?

Murph: What are we rolling? What are we rolling?

Brennan: What's the number you rolled?

Ally: 4.

Murph: I’ve been in this thing’s ass for three turns.

Emily: I have been faceplanted the entire time.

Brennan: That's a swing and a miss. Fig is still out.

Emily: Can I bash my head against the wall just so I can do saving throws again?

Ally: We really didn't start with our game face.

Brennan: The ooze pours the creamed corn into its gullet. And you see it starts to grow bigger and bigger. Its wounds all heal, all the injuries you guys have made on it heal. That's going to be Fabian, that's your turn.

Ally: Motherfucker.

Brennan: You've still got your arm all the way up that butthole.

Lou: Are there rolls I could make to make it easier, or find,

Brennan: Three corn gremlins pop out a butt hole.

Lou: Fuck you, fuck you. Is there some way I can make it easier for Riz, is there anything I can do, or could I like, I feel like it's either that, or.

Brennan: What is it you wanna try to do?

Lou: Anything that I can do to make it easier or more apparent for Riz that my hand is where my hand is.

Brennan: Oh no, you can just take the help action and give him advantage on his next roll.

Lou: Okay, fantastic.

Brennan: Yeah, cool. You take the help action.

Ally: Do we all have help or just him?

Brennan: Anyone has help that wants it, so you can be doing stuff to like help people and give them advantage on rolls if you want. Lunch lady is gonna make another death saving throw.

Doreen: Remember me.

Ally: No!

Doreen: As I was. A single woman of some years -

Siobhan: I killed an old lady with a ladle.

Doreen: - who made pre-prepared meals for children. I asked for nothing, and I didn't choose for this to happen to me, it's your responsibility to make this right, because you killed me, you did it. Only you, and you didn't have to, you chose to. These were your choices and you live with them, remember my face every time you close your eyes.

Lou: Jesus.

Siobhan: I kill myself?

Brennan: And she passes from this mortal plane.

Murph: Jesus.

Ally: I am not gonna be able to sleep tonight.

Brennan: That's going to be Gorgug in another death save. Oh, sorry, Adaine, that's you.

Siobhan: Can I cast Friends on one of these little cuties?

Brennan: Sure, you can cast on a little cutie.

Siobhan: Great, and then be like, go for this dude.

Brennan: Yeah you can make a Persuasion check if you like.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Remember back when they were all fun, and we weren't all dying.

Emily: I know, we thought they were so cute.

Ally: Yeah, and now we're on nineteen of them.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: You get advantage, so you can roll again if you like and take the better roll.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. 15.

Brennan: What do you say to the little corn thing?

Siobhan: I say,

Adaine: That guy was talking about you, you should attack him! He's saying really bad things about you. Yeah him, him! Fuck that guy, right?

Corn Cutie:

Brennan: And he turns and lunges at the corn gremlin next to him.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: That's gonna be Gorgug, make a death save.

Emily: Who knew they had egos.

Siobhan: I know.

Zac: 7.

Brennan: It's a failure.

Murph: Gorgug.

Brennan: Riz.

Murph: Okay, so I get advantage, right?

Ally: You got a lot of advantages rolling today.

Murph: Okay, Investigate, looking for my man's hand. Okay, that's great.

Ally: Aye.

Murph: 19 plus, 25.

Brennan: That's going to do it, you feel a goblin hand right here.

Murph: The worst version of Predator, ever.

Siobhan: So slippery.

Brennan: And I'm gonna say because you're ready to yank him out, go ahead and make an Acrobatics check right now to try to slip out of this thing.

Lou: Please.

Murph: Cool.

Emily: To try and make yourself like a pencil, so you really slip out of that asshole.

Ally: Creamed corn lube.

Brennan: Beat a 10.

Murph: 7 plus, 11.

Brennan: 11 will do it.

Siobhan: Great, back on the table, baby.

Brennan: You rip Riz out of there.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And a slimy piece of parchment falls out of his hand, covered in strange runes. Kristen, you're standing right nearby, can you make a Knowledge Religion check for me?

Ally: Yes. 8 plus 10.

Brennan: You look at it and see there are runes here from the strange realm of the Nightmare King, runes of darkness and midnight, runes against Helio and Sol. This is a page of darkness and a warping of the true gospel. And it is a testimony to the force of night and darkness itself. A piece of horrible dark magic. Riz, sprawled on the ground, corn gremlins see this happening, Riz is back out on the board. Fabian you can take an attack of opportunity on one of these guys.

Lou: 15, Jesus.

Brennan: 15, go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: 12.

Brennan: You skewer one as it flies past you, but they are surrounding you. That's going to be the corn gremlins turn. Riz, what's your AC?

Murph: 15.

Brennan: They both miss.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Fabian, what's yours?

Lou: 16.

Brennan: 16, one of them hits you for 3 points of damage.

Riz: We gotta kill that paper. Kill that paper!

Fabian: Hey, I got you out of that asshole.

Riz: Yes, thank you.

Fabian: Better make it worth it.

Brennan: With a freshly fed corn ooze, and more corn gremlins than there have been on this battlefield at any point before, it is now Kristen Applebees' turn.

Ally: So I could either go to ruin that paper, or I have a freaky idea. So I'm holding this, this book of Talos.

Emily: Get freaky, get freaky.

Ally: Can I cast light on this book of Talos and throw it into the blob?

Murph: Oh, God.

Ally: Like a sacred, blessed book into the middle of this blob?

Brennan: Yeah, you could totally do that.

Ally: Should I do that though?

Siobhan: Just destroy the fucking paper, dude.

Emily: I like this idea, I think go for that.

Ally: Thanks.

Siobhan: Do whatever you want to do.

Brennan: Do whatever you want to do.

Murph: Why don't you do both, why don't you like stomp on it as you throw the book.

Ally: Yeah, can I take my staff and slam it down on this cursed piece of paper while throwing my book?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Acrobatics check to pick up that staff. DC 5.

Ally: Alright, pick up the staff, nat 20!

Murph: Nat 20!

Brennan: Light fills the room and the staff flies into your hand. Go ahead and make an attack roll on that parchment.

Ally: Nat 1.

Zac: 20 to 1!

Brennan: You summon the staff into your hand, throw the staff down at the piece of parchment, slip on the corn. Your staff is glowing with holy energy, and you take 3 points of falling damage.

Ally: That was all I had.

Brennan: Your staff is still glowing, and you slip, bam, head on the ground.

Lou: What a disaster.

Ally: Wow!

Murph: We have to destroy this paper!

Ally: Wow!

Brennan: The ooze turns around and is going to take a swing at Riz. What's your armor class?

Murph: 15.

Lou: Oh my God, oh my God.

Brennan: That's a miss.

Lou: Hohhhhh. Hohhhhhhhh.

Brennan: Fabian, I'm gonna need a death saving throw.

Lou: 3.

Brennan: That's a failure, Adaine?

Siobhan: I cast Mage Hand and grab the piece of paper.

Brennan: You grab the piece of paper. The paper flies to your hand. Gorgug, I'm gonna need you to make a death save.

Zac: Okay. Nat 1!

Brennan: That's two failures.

Zac: Yeah, I'm dead.

Murph: Oh no!

Emily: He’s dead.

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Murph: Gorgug!

Zac: Gorgug's dead. Gorgug is dead.

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Zac: Gorgug's straight up dead.

Ally: Wait, I have something I think, right?

Murph: I don't think you have anything that would, you don't have Revivify yet.

Brennan: You're unconscious.

Ally: Dang.

Brennan: Fully dead.

Ally: Wow.

Siobhan: Does one of the teachers have Revivify?

Emily: That's true, if we have his body, maybe later if we got out of this.

Siobhan: Wait, when I did Mage Hand for that thing that was my entire action, I couldn't rip it up as well?

Brennan: No, I'm afraid not.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Ally: My God, this is fucked.

Brennan: Riz, that's gonna be you.

Murph: Cool. I am going to, I am going to disengage from these cornys.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: How far can I get here, one, two, three, four. And then I'm gonna tell her to hold up the paper, and I'm gonna try to shoot it out of her hand.

Brennan: Rad. Roll on attack, you still have that Bless active.

Lou: This is insane.

Ally: Yeah this is wild. Oh my God.

Murph: 18, 24.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: How many fucking point of damage does this fucking piece of paper have?

Murph: 8.

Brennan: Disappears in shadow. The ooze dissolves into nothingness, and in a blast of light, corn flies everywhere as all the gremlins disappear.

Ally: Yes, but oh no!

Siobhan: Oh my fucking God.

Murph: Oh boy, do we see that he's dead and not breathing?

Emily: I don't know if I'm allowed to speak, because I'm dead too, or I'm at 0, but I think we can bring his body to a,

Murph: I'm gonna try to run and try to find like a priest here, like a cleric or something.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: Like a cleric or something.

Brennan: You guys, so Riz, you sprint out of the cafeteria, so the only people that are still alive right now are Adaine and Riz. We're not done yet, you can run if you'd like. Kristen and Fabian are still making death saving throws.

Murph: Okay, I guess I'll start with,

Brennan: You can make untrained Medicine checks.

Murph: I'll make an untrained Medicine.

Siobhan: I'll also do an untrained Medicine check. Fuck, 13?

Brennan: Cool, hold on one second, that was Riz's turn, so Kristen, I'm gonna need you to make a death saving throw.

Ally: Oh yeah. 19.

Brennan: Cool, that's a success, no worries. Fabian, I'm gonna need you to make a death saving throw.

Lou: What if I roll a 1 and I also die.

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Lou: 6, 2.

Brennan: That's now going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: Because I've met the teacher, can I Message him down the corridor?

Brennan: Which teacher is this?

Siobhan: The teacher who was in detention with us.

Brennan: Mr. Gibbons?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Yes, you can message him.

Siobhan: Great, can I fucking scream really loud in his ear?

Brennan: Cool, what do you scream?

Adaine: Everybody's dead. Help us, everybody's dead.

Mr. Gibbons: Wow, that's a lot of strong feelings.

Adaine: Everybody's fucking dead, get in the cafeteria right now!

Brennan: Mr. Gibbons opens the door.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Well, Doreen is dead, so the arcane lock is gone.

Lou: Motherfucker.

Brennan: Real quick, so that's Adaine, Gorgug is fully dead, Riz, corn gremlins, oh, Riz, it's your turn.

Murph: Great, okay, I'm gonna try to bring her back and hopefully she can bring other people back. Okay, what is medicine, medicine is Wisdom, so I got a plus 1 and I'm blessed.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: 22.

Brennan: You fully stabilize Kristen Applebees.

Ally: Meaning I'm back with some health?

Brennan: No you're still at 0.

Ally: Just at a 0, okay, yeah.

Murph: Oh, so she's not even awake, she's just stabilized.

Brennan: Just stabilized.

Murph: Sorry, can I do that on Fabian then, 'cause he's almost dead, and she's not.

Brennan: Sure you can do that with Fabian.

Murph: Okay, so I'll just bring Fabian back to 0.

Lou: Oh thank you, I was like oh really, okay fine.

Ally: I have one success and you have two failures.

Murph: I thought - I forgot that it wasn't like getting them up to 1 HP.

Brennan: So now Kristen, you are making another death saving throw.

Murph: Don't get a 1.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: Cool, you got a success, is that two successes now?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Aw, Gorgug! I loved you.

Lou: I'm sorry I hit you, okay? Maybe if I hadn't hit you.

Zac: It's okay.

Brennan: Now you see that Mr. Gibbons opens the door, looks out and goes,

Mr. Gibbons: Wow, now this looks like a lot. This looks like a whole lot.

Adaine: There are dead people in here! Do something or get somebody who can do something!

Mr. Gibbons: Okay, if that's what you want.

Adaine: Right. Fucking. Now!

Brennan: You see he sprints out of the cafeteria.

Siobhan: I'm covered in blood.

Brennan: Still got that gob of tooth there. So Riz, it is your turn again.

Murph: Cool, I'm gonna sprint out in the hall.

Brennan: Kristen is still making saves.

Murph: She is?

Brennan: Yep.

Murph: Fuck.

Ally: But I have two successes and zero failures so far.

Murph: Cool, I'm gonna take my chances then. I sprint out into the hall. Can I do like an Investigate check to see if I know where any kind of clerics would be or anything like that?

Brennan: Sure, make a Investigate check, go for it.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: You rush back into the place you broke into before, you see the door is still slightly ajar, Aguefort's office is there.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: You duck into the office and you see Principal Aguefort who's sitting there,

Aguefort: Ugh.

Riz: A student is dead. We need to revive him somehow.

Aguefort: Dead?

Riz: Yeah.

Aguefort: Right this way.

Brennan: And you see that he ducks, he like grabs a couple things off his shelf and ducks and runs down the hall.

Ally: This is insane.

Brennan: You run back with Aguefort. Kristen, I need you to make another death saving throw, if you'd be so kind?

Ally: Yeah, of course, and I'm not dead I'm just in an in between consciousness, talking to my God. 2.

Brennan: That's a failure.

Murph: At least it's not a critical failure.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Fabian's stabilized, Adaine, as Mr. Gibbons runs, do you do anything else here?

Siobhan: Yeah I mean, I guess I'll go and try and stabilize Kristen.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Medicine check.

Siobhan: 8.

Brennan: You don't quite know what you're doing, you're covered in blood and you're scared, sadly. Kristen, I'm gonna need another save from you.

Ally: Oh yeah, alright. 5.

Brennan: That is a failure.

Ally: I have one success and one failure left, it’s down to--

Brennan: It's down to it.

Lou: I don't like this full count.

Brennan: Riz and Principle Aguefort rush into the cafeteria, you see that Aguefort raises his hand, holds it out. You have advantage on your last death saving throw, so you roll 2d20 take the higher roll.

Ally: Oh cool. An 8 and a 3.

Siobhan: Oh my fucking God.

Ally: Did I die?

Brennan: Full dead, yeah.

Ally: Yeah, full dead, okay.

Zac: What the fuck is happening?

Ally: We really came into this like la di da, and it was like a hard challenge.

Lou: We all called them corn cuties, we all acted like it was -

Ally: They were corn cuties, we spent time jumping up and jumping down.

Emily: Hey, the corn cuties, they were still cute, it was the blob.

Ally: A bunch of our shit was gone by the time we got here.

Emily: The enemy was a piece of paper.

Brennan: You guys see that Principal Aguefort and Mr. Gibbons walk into the room. You see that Principal Aguefort looks at the people who have fallen here, Adaine you're covered in blood, Riz you're covered in corn. He looks at Mr. Gibbons next to him, and you see he says,

Aguefort: Death is a part of life, eternal and unforgiving. It exists around us in all places for energy can neither be created nor destroyed.

Riz: Can you fucking do something or not?

Aguefort: Death is an old friend, it's a glass of -

Riz: Are there clerics, or priests, or anybody here?

Aguefort: It's a spoon, when all you need is a knife.

Ally: This is Alanis Morissette lyrics. I know I'm dead, but.

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: Death waits for us all, with the exception of some immortal beings such as gods and vampires, some form of undead, but death waits for many of us, maybe not elves, elves are immortal if they live in their homeland.

Murph: Riz takes off down the hall and tries to find somebody else.

Brennan: As you take off, you see he says,

Aguefort: However there are times when great magic can work wonders.

Riz: You motherfucker.

Brennan: You see he reaches into his coat and takes out a swirling ball of fire, surrounded by pieces of red feathers. He says,

Aguefort: The egg of the last phoenix. However, death will exact its price. There's foul play in this school. Only you can save us. A life for a life, eh Mr. Gibbons?

Brennan: You see Mr. Gibbons says,

Mr. Gibbons: I'm sorry, what?

Brennan: And you see that Principal Aguefort takes out a gun and shoots Mr. Gibbons in the head.

Brennan: And then takes the gun and says,

Augefort: The price must be paid.

Brennan: Blam, and shoots himself in the head. Gorgug and Kristen, you come back to life.

Lou: What the fuck?

Ally: Wait, the lunch lady, what about her life, it could've counted for one of them.

Lou: What the fuck?

Brennan: You're all back at full hit points.

Lou: What the fuck is happening, what did you just do?

Riz: We gotta go, guys!

Murph: Riz just starts like cleaning up.

Emily: Can someone take my body please?

Murph: Everybody's at full health.

Brennan: Everyone is at full health, you're surrounded by fiery phoenix.

Emily: Really? Maybe I should kill myself - Is this still going, if I kill myself will I save Doreen? Is there a magic energy?

Brennan: You are surrounded by fire flame energy.

Ally: Do it!

Brennan: The fiery flame energy is gone by the time you are fully back.

Emily: So if I kill myself, it won't bring Doreen back?

Brennan: You don't think it will.

Murph: Kill yourself to save the lunch lady?

Brennan: You don't think it'll bring Doreen back.

Ally: In episode two.

Brennan: But you see that Mr. Gibbons and Principal Aguefort are both dead.

Ally: He just had a gun? Jesus.

Emily: This is gonna look like it's our fault.

Murph: We need to -

Ally: Also someone told you that it was foul pl - the teachers who did all of this. So were these two good teachers, or were they involved?

Brennan: Tune in next week for another exciting episode of Fantasy High. We'll see you guys next time, thanks for tuning in.

[EPISODE3]

Brennan: Last we left off our intrepid adventurers were in a real spot. But you know what? We're gonna take a little dip away from Elmville for a second. Through the mists. Kristen, you approach yellow gates of corn and wheat and waving grasses. An endless expanse of heavenly heights unfolds before you. Angels in polo shirts and nice quaffed hair, wave merrily at you as they fly by and the celestial choirs sing with heavenly joy. You approach the gates, having passed from this mortal world and you hear a warm voice beside you.

Arthur Aguefort: Oh, my sweet girl. To behold the heavenly heights.

Brennan: And a warm hand rests on your shoulder, and you see Arthur Aguefort standing next to you. He smiles. He looks at you in his little purple coat, and he says,

Aguefort: Well, it seems that you had lived a very holy life and arrived at your final resting place. But, I am afraid your work is not done. I'm going to crawl into your backpack, and if you can just go ahead and walk through the gates, they're going to straighten all this out.

Kristen: What? You're going to -

Brennan: He unzips your backpack, and just starts to crawl in.

Kristen: Hey!

Aguefort: It's all good. Just walk in -

Kristen: What? It's all good?

Aguefort: It's all good!

Brennan: You see his face peering out from the backpack as he zips it closed.

Aguefort: It's all good. Just walk in there and we're good.

Emily: How big is he? Is he like -

Brennan: He's a full human sized man.

Emily: Is he tiny like Voldemort? Okay.

Brennan: No, he's a full human sized dude. He just gets in there.

Kristen: Okay. And you just want me to walk through the gates?

Aguefort: Just walk in there and then everything will sort itself out. Just go ahead and go in there.

Brennan: As you walk through the gates, you see that the figure of Helio himself, a bag of corn kernels at his side, long, flowing beard. He looks at you.

Helio: Wow! Kristen, it's so good to see you.

Kristen: Whoa!

Helio: I've known you your whole life, but now you get to see me face to face. This is great!

Kristen: Whoa!

Brennan: You see he gives you a big hug. It's the warmest hug you've ever felt. As he's hugging you, you feel your backpack jiggling around. You see he's clearly got his eyes closed in the hug. You feel Arthur slip out of the backpack now that he is past the threshold of heaven.

Aguefort: Don't tell anybody!

Brennan: And winks and sprints into heaven as fast as he can.

Kristen: He was so fast!

Brennan: You see Helio. He looks up and says,

Helio: What?

Kristen: Hm?

Helio: What are you talking about?

Kristen: Oh, I was, mentally saying goodbye to a friend I was remembering.

Helio: Here's the thing, Kristen. We checked. It's not your time. You have more work to do.

Kristen: Oh my God!

Helio: I know you're gonna do a great job, and I care about you. And what's more, I know that you care about your new friends and I think that's cool as hell.

Kristen: Thanks.

Helio: Hey.

Kristen: Hm?

Helio: Go knock em out down there.

Kristen: I will. Hey, can I ask you something?

Helio: Yeah!

Kristen: Why is there so much suffering in the world?

Helio: Later!

Brennan: And you disappear! You are vanished, and snap into your blood covered body on the floor of the cafeteria.

Emily: It's so weird that you lied to Helio. You lied to your God.

Ally: I don't, I finessed the truth. Plus, I don't know if Helio is as smart. I need another God, maybe.

Brennan: Now we're going to go to another place real quick. Gorgug, you snap into not wakefulness, but some strange, pale consciousness. You behold a dim forest stretching out around you.

Gorgug: Oh no!

Brennan: The leaves fall with a shriek and a whimper, and the blood runs from the bog of this strange forest.

Zac: I try to catch a leaf.

Brennan: It slices your hand!

Gorgug: Ow!

Brennan: You look through your hand to see the ground beneath it.

Gorgug: What?

Brennan: You hear a voice next to you as the leaves part and the spectral figure of Mr. Gibbons stands up.

Mr. Gibbons: Oh, wow! There's some really powerful feelings here.

Gorgug: What happened?

Mr. Gibbons: Well, I don't -

Gorgug: Why are you here?

Mr. Gibbons: I, last thing I saw, my boss murdered me. And there's a lot of powerful feelings there.

Brennan: His eyes start to glow a little red.

Mr. Gibbons: Yeah. Yeah, I think it's gonna take me a while to process these feelings. Yeah. Yeah, I think I have some unfinished business.

Gorgug: Okay, what?

Mr. Gibbons: Yeah, yeah!

Gorgug: You're looking awful!

Mr. Gibbons: I think we need to have a little talk, Gorgug!

Zac: I start running.

Brennan: You snap awake in your body on the cafeteria floor.

Emily: Oh my God, he's gonna haunt you forever!

Brennan: You are looking at a Fabian that is completely covered in boiling, steaming corn. Riz, who is likewise covered in, not as steaming corn, but corn nonetheless, and some like partially formed corn gremlins, and he's got a smoking arquebus. Fig, you come up from the floor, covered in tuna surprise, blood coming out of your nose, the sound of your father's distant motorcycle far away.

Fig: Daddy!

Brennan: And you see that Adaine is the only one covered in someone else's blood, the sleeves of her coat shorn off, holding a bent ladle with a chunk of tooth and gore hanging off of her jaw line. And you guys are in the cafeteria. So, what do you do?

Gorgug: Wait, what?

Fabian: Okay.

Fig: What is going on? Where is Doreen? She'll save us all! Is she safe?

Gorgug: I died!

Kristen: Yeah, let's get Doreen.

Kristen: I mean, she was hurt pretty bad, right?

Riz: It was a murder-suicide situation.

Gorgug: I died!

Riz: Doreen is dead.

Fig: What?

Riz: You died.

Fig: Where's Doreen?

Fabian: You died and you also died.

Kristen: I know. I met God.

Riz: They came in and they had a sort of a rising phoenix situation with some sort of egg that came open, and yeah. The big guy shot little guy. Shot himself dead, brought you guys back.

Fig: That's so cool! I'm so pissed I missed it.

Gorgug: Mr. Gibbons?

Fig: That's awesome!

Adaine: I killed Doreen, but I didn't mean to! She was attacking me, and then she came back to herself right at the end and gave a really, really intense speech about how it's my fault and I'm gonna be haunted by it for the rest of my life!

Kristen: Oh, I did hear some of that.

Riz: And she said something about how the faculty was in on this somehow.

Adaine: Yes!

Riz: So, we got to talk to the cops before another teacher sees, because if another teacher sees this, they might be in on this.

Kristen: And that might put this on. We need to hide, I think, and get cleaned up.

Fig: You guys -

Riz: Whoa, I don't know if we should hide.

Fig: You guys, this is exactly what teenagers have suspected all along! Adults are the bad ones.

Adaine: Yeah, we can't go to the cops! What if the cops are in on it as well?

Fig: Yeah!

Riz: The cops are not in on it. My mom's a cop, and she's cool.

Adaine and Kristen: Your mom's a cop?

Fig: Yeah, how old is she? Is she 19 or under?

Riz: No!

Fig: Then I don't trust her!

Murph: Ok, can I kind of look around and see how, is there any sign that the phoenix thing happened? Like, is the egg still there? Is anything there?

Brennan: Everything that would have helped to explain your situation has largely disappeared or vanished.

Fig: Where's Doreen's body?

Fabian: Yeah, Doreen's body is there.

Brennan: The dead bodies are there. So, here's what's there. Doreen's body is there. A lot of corn, creamed corn, everywhere. There's some smashed barrels, both are, some in the pantry, some back in the kitchen. There's a lot of corncobs that are freakishly large, but no longer animated. And also, Arthur Aguefort's gun is there. There is no phoenix egg.

Fig: Can I pick up the gun?

Riz: No! Don't touch the gun!

Fabian: Nobody touch anything, all right?

Riz: Don't touch anything!

Kristen: Are the bodies of Aguefort and -

Fig: I'm just saying, it's so rock and roll to have a gun.

Riz: Don't touch the gun! I have a gun. I'll let you hold my gun later. Please don't touch this -

Gorgug: I saw Mr. Gibbons.

Kristen: I saw, I think I smuggled Mr. Aguefort into heaven.

Fig: That’s a good thing to smuggle.

Riz: Oh my God.

Adaine: My fingerprints are all over this murder weapon!

Kristen: Obviously, I'm pro-coyote, so I was happy to smuggle. Yeah, I met God and it was really disappointing.

Gorgug: I went, I think I went to hell and, or just whatever we call that.

Kristen: Mr. Gibbons went to hell?

Gorgug: Yeah, and he became, he was sort of turning into, like, I cut, well it's fine now, but I cut my hand and I could see, Mr. Gibbons was like a, he said he had unfinished business and then he became like a demon!

Fig: Wait, demons are a cool thing!

Fabian: Wait, everyone, what do we have?

Kristen: Okay, we need to go!

Fabian: I am not going to stand here over these two men's dead bodies. All right? I'm going to get that dragon man, all right? He, he seems fine.

Riz: Well, what if he's -

Kristen: What if he's in on it?

Riz: Yeah, what if he's in on it?

Fig: We can't trust any adults!

Kristen: The only one we could trust was Doreen.

Adaine: My parents are gonna kill me!

Kristen: Last of our worries.

Emily: Speaking of which, I need to remember Doreen the way that I know she would want to be remembered. So, I take her hairnet and I make some sick, what do you call those fucking tights?

Fabian: Nobody fucking cares, all right?

Fig: I make some sick fishnet tights. Doreen, I'll never forget you.

Kristen: For like, one leg?

Riz: You gotta not touch the body!

Gorgug: It's not a bit of fabric.

Fabian: She burned your face!

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a, we'll call this a crafts, like an Intelligence check.

Emily: Oh, okay, okay!

Lou: Are we all just standing there watching her sew?

Emily: That's gonna be a 17!

Brennan: It looks fucking dope.

Kristen: They look really good. You did a great job.

Fabian: Honestly, agreed. They look fantastic, but that is not important right now!

Riz: Wait, is there anything left of that little rune paper that I shot? Fucking fuck.

Fig: Okay.

Gorgug: If not, if we don't go to his mom, where do we -

Fig: I know one adult.

Murph: Can I do an Investigate check to see what I would think if I was like a cop? Like, just survey the scene?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Investigate check.

Murph: Cool. 12.

Brennan: You look around the space. You see that there is the big corn ooze. What you think of, what about this, as basics for a cop, is Arthur Aguefort's wound looks self administered. Right?

Murph: Mm-hm.

Brennan: And the wound of Mr. Gibbons will be traceable to Arthur Aguefort's gun. Something confusing happened here, but it doesn't look like six kids did this whole thing.

Murph: Great.

Brennan:You also discover what you think is like the source of where the corn ooze came from. There is one barrel. Not in the pantry, where it was headed towards, but in the back of the kitchen, there is one barrel that it looked like it crawled out of.

Emily: Oh, can I go investigate what's in there?

Brennan: Yeah. If you want to go and investigate, absolutely.

Emily: I want to go and I'm gonna use Thaumaturgy to like, open it so I'm like, I don't have to be near it.

Brennan: It's actually already open. The barrel was, it looked like the barrel that Doreen was serving out of earlier.

Ally: Oh, can we -

Siobhan: Can I cast detect magic on that barrel?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Siobhan: I cast detect magic on the barrel.

Brennan: Adaine's eyes glow brilliant blue. You detect a little trace of a Mage Hand spell, and the Mage Hand spell comes from a young Elven caster who is you. This was the barrel you lifted Kristen's book out of at lunch earlier today.

Adaine: Fuck!

Kristen: So, that jerk -

Adaine: I'm in so much trouble! This, how is it possible that the only spell that's been on this is my spell?

Brennan: I will say, that's the first thing you detect. Looking further at it, you see any wizard is gonna be able to see all kinds of insane shadow slash infernal demonic magic that occurred here. Right? So, while the physical evidence of the ooze is gone, clearly some powerful dark magic has some residue. However, that will fade over the next hour or two.

Fig: So there are, oh, okay. So, we can't like scoop a little.

Kristen: So, it might have been a cursed thing of corn and then that jerk threw my bible into it and that aggravated it.

Adaine: Or maybe there was something in your bible that aggravated it.

Fig: Oh my gosh!

Gorgug: Maybe.

Adaine: Or maybe the jock threw something in -

Gorgug: Your bible has all this stuff about corn.

Kristen: True.

Fig: I think we should set your bible on fire.

Adaine: I think that we need to get a teacher very quickly.

Riz: I think we should call my mom. I don't think we should get a teacher.

Fabian: I am with this one. I am going to go get a teacher.

Riz, Fig and Kristen: Why would you get a teacher?

Riz: She said that the faculty -

Fabian: I'm going to get a teacher, all right? No, all right?

Riz: Let’s have a vote!

Kristen: We need someone, no, we need someone who is cool, not a teacher, not affiliated with this school.

Riz: My mom is cool.

Adaine: Within an hour!

Fig: I have an in with an adult. I have an in with an adult that I think I can manipulate.

Kristen: Who?

Fig: Vice Principal Goldenrod.

Fabian: Fantastic. Let's go get him.

Gorgug: Let's just, I really don't think we're gonna agree.

Riz: Why don't we just call the cops?

Fabian and Fig: No!

Adaine: We have an hour! We don't have the time!

Kristen: We do only have an hour. All right, I'm with the cop mama here.

Gorgug: Let's just go home and talk about it tomorrow. Pretend like nothing happened.

Kristen: No, that’s a- No, no.

Fig: No!

Kristen: We need to be more proactive than that.

Riz: This is the worst idea. I've heard some bad ones, and I'll agree, but that -

Fabian: Yes. 

Riz: - is a bad idea.

Gorgug: Oh man.

Kristen: Wait, can we study any of this stuff ourselves?

Fabian: I mean, we've figured out everything.

Kristen: Can you guys take a look?

Adaine: I think that we should get the vice principal.

Riz: Guys, there are -

Adaine: Guys, I don't think it's him. I don't think he's the bad guy.

Riz: There are girls disappearing from this school. My mom has been investigating it.

Kristen: But not very well! You guys haven't solved a thing about those disappearances.

Gorgug: Let's vote.

Fabian: Let’s vote. Fine.

Fig: I vote that we go somewhere else to talk about this so we're away from the crime scene.

Riz: Then we’ll be implicated in the crime!

Adaine: We don't have time! We have an hour before all of these spells will disappear!

Kristen: I switch teams to the vice principal idea.

Fabian and Adaine: Vice principal.

Gorgug: Your mom.

Fig: Vice principal.

Kristen: No time for yo mama jokes.

Lou: I walk out of there to wherever I best believe the vice principle may be.

Fig: Okay, I'm coming with you.

Brennan: Fabian strides out of the cafeteria. You walk out, covered head to toe in corn.

Fabian: Hell yes.

Brennan: And as you go on, you see, you pass, like sort of a gentle breeze. There are some birds singing. You see that Vice Principal Goldenhoard is out under a statue of Arthur Aguefort, talking to a bunch of young adventurers. He sees you. He goes,

Goldenhoard: Well, well! That's marvelous! A group of young freshmen forming their own first adventuring party. I remember my first adventuring party.

Fabian: Mr. Goldenhoard, would you kindly follow me to the cafeteria?

Goldenhoard: Mr. Seacaster, you're covered -

Lou: I start walking back to the cafeteria.

Goldenhoard: All right. One moment.

Fig: Hey, Goldenrod.

Goldenhoard: Why are you not in - you should be in detention. And you! You actually have twice as many detentions.

Fabian: We can explain everything to you once you finish -

Goldenhoard: Oh, well, there's certainly some explaining to do!

Fabian: All right, fantastic.

Brennan: He strides along with you, looking very officious and pompous. And he comes into the cafeteria. He looks into the room, sees Arthur and sees Mr. Gibbons and Doreen, and he goes. You see fire crackling in his mouth, and he goes,

Goldenhoard: Oh, oh no. Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no. All right. What happened? What happened? What happened? Are we in danger? Is whoever did this still loose?

Adaine: We don't know what happened, but there was a scream and then the lunch lady went crazy and there was something in her eyes that was demonic in some way. She was possessed, I think.

Kristen: It all started with one barrel of creamed corn, and it's right here.

Riz: There's runes in the corn barrel and some monster came out of it and possessed the lunch lady who attacked us along with the monster.

Kristen: And we both died, and then Arthur killed -

Fabian: He used the last phoenix phoenix -

Riz: The rising phoenix. He had a phoenix egg.

Goldenhoard: The what? He had a phoenix egg?

Riz: He had a phoenix egg, and then he shot -

Goldenhoard: There's only one of the - phoenixes famously don't lay eggs. They die, turn into ash, and that's like the number one thing about phoenixes!

Fabian: I don't fucking know what you want us to tell you! All right? We just told you -

Goldenhoard: I'm, I'm scrambling to figure it out! This is -

Riz: Well, they were dead. They were killed by the -

Gorgug: We died.

Kristen: We died.

Goldenhoard: You two students died -

Kristen: I got Arthur into heaven.

Goldenhoard: What?

Kristen: I -

Fig: Hey man -

Kristen: I got Arthur into heaven.

Fig: You're kind of freaking out, so maybe do you want -

Goldenhoard: I am not. I'm a disciplinarian. You obviously have been through something traumatic. We are going to get Mr. Gibbons. He is going to -

Adaine: Mr. Gibbons is dead.

Kristen: He’s right there, he’s dead.

Goldenhoard: Why? What happened? Oh no!

Kristen: Arthur shot him and then Arthur shot himself to save us.

Goldenhoard: Principal Aguefort shot the guidance counselor in the head?

Gorgug: Yeah!

Adaine: And then himself!

Gorgug: And then I think Mr. Gibbons became a monster.

Emily: Honestly, I wasn’t alive during any of this.

Riz: You don't need to tell him about the -

Gorgug: I have to be clear!

Lou: Can I pull Riz aside?

Fabian: Riz, I'm sorry. I think I did this wrong. You should go get your mom.

Riz: Yes! He's just gonna be a middle man!

Fabian: Yeah, this is bad.

Goldenhoard: Okay, okay. Well, listen. There is a protocol for these things. We are going to call the police.

Kristen: Hooray.

Fig: No!

Goldenhoard: Let us call the police.

Riz: Thank you. Yes.

Brennan: You, all of you, you see that he yells out of the door -

Fig: Well, don't call just any police!

Goldenhoard: What do you mean don't call any? I don't have their individual numbers.

Kristen: We have his mom's number!

Riz: We could have called my mom.

Fig: Oh, don't be spiteful!

Fabian: Yeah, please don't be spiteful! Don’t start, don’t start this

Kristen: Please don't be spiteful right now.

Gorgug: Well, it feels like you shouldn't be spiteful.

Riz: You’re on my side!

Adaine: Could everybody stop yelling?

Gorgug: But I still feel like you should -

Goldenhoard: That's enough from everyone! This is a tragedy. I need some faculty in here for these children!

All: No! No! No, no, no!

Fig: We can’t get the faculty involved!

Riz: So the lunch lady, while she was trying to kill us, as she died, she said that somebody on the faculty was involved.

Brennan: You see he says,

Goldenhoard: Involved with? This is enough. All of you, you come with me right now! You, the six of you, come with me right now! You come here!

Brennan: And he strides down the hallway. You see that a couple other members of the faculty approach. You see that there's a huge, rocky looking barbarian. This guy's -

Murph: Can I just try to hide to make sure that the faculty doesn't try to clear up the crime scene?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and take an action, yeah.

Murph: I'm gonna try to hide as I'm walking with the thing. 14. Stealth.

Brennan: Okay. So, you hide in the cafeteria.

Murph: Mm-hm.

Brennan: You see he looks at them too, and
you see he says,

Goldenhoard: Very well. Porter, Jace, you will stay in there. Make sure no students go in.

Brennan: And the big rock guy with the war hammer says,

Porter: Yeah, it's all right. I'll take it up.

Brennan: And you see the half elf, sort of sorcery looking guy says,

Jace: Okay. Is there a problem? Is something kind of going that doesn't

Brennan: And he looks in and sees the bodies, and goes,

Jace: Oh my God!

Brennan: They rush in.

Emily: What was the reaction of the other guy?

Ally: The rock guy?

Emily: The rock guy.

Brennan: Make an Insight check.

Emily: Oh baby, this is gonna be so good. That's gonna be a 20. Not nat, but as close to it as you can get.

Brennan: The earth genasi, the barbarian, a kind of rocky looking guy, doesn't look surprised. You see they both walk in there. You see Goldenhoard says,

Goldenhoard: You with me, right now!

Brennan: And he walks to a small classroom that's empty because the school has been let out. Opens it up, walks in, closes the door behind him, and he goes,

Goldenhoard: All right, all right. Mr. Gibbons is dead. Listen. Are you all right? You did the right thing by, well, in the future, feel free to call the police, but you did the right thing, going and finding an adult. Did you defeat the monster? Is that why you died? You died in combat?

Fig: Yes, all of us did. We were all alive the whole time and we all contributed to the battle.

Gorgug: I was killed by a piece of corn that came to life.

Fabian: I was eaten by a piece of corn. I was swallowed by a corn monster.

Fig: I did lots of moves and spells and stuff, I was a really big part of the battle.

Kristen: You died. You passed out immediately.

Fig: Nah, I didn't -

Kristen: You actually never fully died.

Fig: Yeah, I don't remember this.

Brennan: You see he says,

Goldenhoard: Well, I want you to know that I'm very sorry that this has happened. This is a traumatizing event. I want you to know that you are in good company. I remember the first time I died and was brought back to life.

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: Where did you go?

Goldenhoard: Where did I go?

Gorgug: When you were dead, what did you -

Kristen: What was it like?

Goldenhoard: I saw a vision of an endless plain of gold, and I was swimming in it like it was water.

Gorgug: That is very different from what I experienced.

Goldenhoard: And the platinum dragon, Bahamut, soared overhead and he said, "You've been good, Goldenhoard! You have as many coins as you want!" And my mom.

Gorgug: All you want is coins?

Fabian: You went to hell, okay?

Kristen: You clearly went -

Fig: Yeah, I think he went to hell.

Goldenhoard: It's not, gold is a very spiritual thing for my people.

Gorgug: I'm sorry.

Goldenhoard: It's not an empty thing.

Gorgug: I saw a horrible place and Mr. Gibbons was there, and it's -

Goldenhoard: Mr. Gibbons was in hell?

Kristen: You don't need to air his dirty laundry like that.

Gorgug: I guess he's -

Kristen: Going to hell is honestly the most embarrassing thing, and you're embarrassing -

Fig: Hey, leave him alone! If I went somewhere and there was a bunch of skeletons, I'd make a party of it.

Gorgug: I just don't like that kind of stuff.

Fabian: What did she say?

Kristen: I don't know.

Fig: Like, if I went somewhere that was scary. It wouldn't necessarily be hell.

Adaine: Mr. Goldenhoard, please don't tell my dad.

Goldenhoard: I mean, you know for sure I have to tell your dad.

Adaine: Well, I -

Goldenhoard: You spin me a situation where it's okay that I don't tell your dad.

Kristen: She was really heroic! She was really heroic.

Fabian: She was incredibly heroic.

Kristen: You could tell him that she -

Gorgug: She killed a lunch lady.

Adaine: He just won't get it. He already thinks that the Adventuring Academy is stupid.

Goldenhoard: My understanding is you'll -

Brennan: You see he stops himself and says,

Goldenhoard: I understand why you don't want me to say anything. What I will tell your father is that you very heroically, ended the life of -

Adaine: Oh, God.

Goldenhoard: A woman who lived a long life.

Adaine: That's, no, don't tell him that!

Fig: Yeah, maybe just be like -

Goldenhoard: I worked with Doreen! I'm processing grief as well!

Fig: Oh. Maybe you recognize this.

Emily: I show him my legs.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Goldenhoard: Why? I'm amazed that it fits to the contour of your leg. It's for a head. It's a completely different shape.

Fig: It's what D would have wanted.

Kristen: D?

Fig: I think you know.

Goldenhoard: You gave her a nickname already?

Fig: Yeah.

Goldenhoard: Posthumous nicknames notwithstanding, I want you to know that this is a traumatizing event and you are in good company.

Fig: Here, here.

Goldenhoard: All who adventure - you can't drink here! It's a school!

Brennan: He see he snatches it out of your hand and goes,

Goldenhoard: Look. You are all within your right to ask to be transferred from this school. Nobody would fault you for not wanting to continue your education here.

Fig: This is so weird, because I originally didn't want to go to this school, but now that I know something's afoot, I'm gonna come here.

Kristen: I think I wanna stay, too. That was, I don't know, I'm starting to have questions about my religion. All the evil stuff was corn and it happened because my bible went into the thing, and then God was like a frat boy. God was wearing those sandals that have the beer bottle opener at the bottom of the sandal, like you wanna put the bottom of your shoe on top of something you're gonna drink.

Gorgug: That doesn’t sound as bad - There's a world where that's really chill and cool.

Fig: I could show you the infernal way.

Kristen: Hm?

Gorgug: That's better than leaves that cut open your hands.

Fabian: Hell. Just call it hell, all right?

Gorgug: I don't know that it's hell.

Fig: Guys, that sounds so metal! What if it's metal heaven that he went to?

Adaine: I just can't go to Mumple. I mean, I have to stay here because Mumple is the only other option.

Kristen: I'm not going to Mumple either! I don't think any of us want to go to Mumple.

Goldenhoard: Mumple is a fine school.

Kristen: The school for the ungifted?

Fabian: No, it’s not. You don't have to be nice around us, all right? Let’s be honest.

Adaine: What do you want to be, an innkeeper?

Kristen: Let's be honest. What we need from you right now is honesty and directness.

Fabian: Christ, Innkeeper.

Goldenhoard: All right, all right. I'm going to go call your parents. We're gonna cancel your detention early.

Fabian: Hell yeah.

Fig: Nice.

Brennan: Obviously you -

Gorgug: Come on, man.

Kristen: Yeah, at least we got something out of this.

Fabian: No, I'm traumatized, but -

Gorgug: Hell yeah.

Fabian: There was a brief moment in which I forgot.

Fig: I kinda get it, I get it.

Fabian: Oh, sorry, yes.

Gorgug: No, I'm not even talking about that.

Fabian: No, I just got to, you think I forgot everything that happens. Now it's all rushing back. Christ, I'm so sorry.

Fig: So wait, can we never say "hell yeah" now?

Gorgug: No, I was -

Fabian: Are we gonna get all hot and bothered every time -

Gorgug: Guys, I was saying exact, I think the exact opposite.

Goldenhoard: All right. I'm going to go to the office. I'm going to call your parents. We'll take care of this, all right?

Brennan: You see he walks out.

Fig: Bye.

Brennan: He walks out. After a little while, Coach Daybreak comes in. You see that coach Daybreak looks over and looks at you, especially, Kristen. He goes,

Daybreak: Gosh, kiddo, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, guys.

Brennan: He's got a big stack of Owlbear sweatpants and sweatshirts, and he's like -

Fig: Are we all on the team now?

Daybreak: No. Your shit’s covered in blood!

Fig: Oh.

Daybreak: Sorry, your stuff is covered -

Kristen: That's okay. We're, I'm on my way out.

Fig: I jumped to a really weird conclusion.

Daybreak: If you wanna hit the showers and get cleaned up before your folks get here, here's some towels. Here's some clothes. You can go for it, all right?

Siobhan: Can I sense motive on this guy?

Brennan: Do an Insight check, yeah.

Siobhan: Six.

Brennan: This is a good and decent man.

Kristen: I could have told you that. I’ve grown up with him.

Zac: I'm gonna do an Insight check as well.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: It's a nat 1.

Brennan: Nat 1? This guy, it's weird, because you are a half orc. This guy could be your dad.

Gorgug: Dad?

Ally: Your nat, fucking- That's exactly what a nat one gets all of this. This could be your dad. Insight check about everything!

Brennan: And you see Coach Daybreak, Coach Daybreak looks at you and goes,

Daybreak: What?

Gorgug: Are you my dad?

Fig: No, 'cause he's a half orc and you're a half orc -

Daybreak: I'm a human.

Fig: Oh.

Daybreak: I'm a full human.

Fabian: Coach, he went to hell today. You know, it's a whole thing.

Daybreak: God, kiddo. You gotta go -

Gorgug: I'm gonna go take a shower.

Daybreak: Go take a shower. Go get yourself cleaned up.

Kristen: Yeah, we're all gonna go take showers.

Fig: I'm not going to. I'm gonna rub a little more blood on myself.

Fabian: I also am not interested in taking a shower.

Adaine: I'm gonna scrub myself so hard.

Kristen: I'm gonna definitely take a shower. There is corn in my red hair.

Brennan: One by one, your guys' parents come to pick you guys up. You see that Goldenhoard walks in, and looks at the six of you and says,

Goldenhoard: Well, your parents are here. I have told them some of what happened, but I didn't want to go into detail because my responsibility is not solely to them, but also to you. They know that there was combat. They know that some of you passed away. They know that, well, they know that you killed who you killed.

Fig: And you told them that we all had an equal part in the fight, right?

Goldenhoard: I don't know that I thought to mention that specifically.

Adaine: You didn't tell them that I killed her with a ladle, right? Because that's worse than not doing anything.

Goldenhoard: Your mother asked a question about what spell you used and I think my silence spoke volumes.

Adaine: That's worse!

Goldenhoard: Well, adieu. Everyone have a good night.

Brennan: And you guys wander off.

Fig: Bye!

Murph: Am I, was I with them?

Brennan: Oh, sorry. You were in the cafeteria the whole time. You're there with Jace and Porter in the cafeteria. Actually, hold on a second. You see at the moment that Goldenhoard says -

Goldenhoard: I hope you all have a good night's sleep. Where is that goblin? Where is that guy?

Emily: Porter’s the..?

Fabian: Oh, the Ball?

Fig: Oh, he's, yeah, the Ball.

Adaine: Oh, he's probably in the shower.

Kristen: Yeah, he just liked to take a shower.

Fig: He takes really long showers.

Adaine: Yeah, long showers.

Gorgug: If a teacher is your dad, they have to tell you, right?

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: There's gotta be a rule about that somewhere.

Goldenhoard: If a teacher is your dad -

Rig: He’s your dad?

Kristen: Are you thinking of a cop? If they're a cop, they have to tell you?

Gorgug: They have to tell, if a teacher, no, I think I heard that. If a teacher is your dad, they have to tell you!

Kristen: You couldn't even get through that!

Goldenhoard: I, first of all, there's some sort of epistemological question hanging in the air, which is, they may not know that they are your dad. Right? So that's a possibility.

Fig: Woah.

Gorgug: Okay, nevermind.

Goldenhoard: Also, we probably shouldn't, it's probably not your dad. The odds seem low.

Fig: I think that your dad is gonna come to visit you in like a vision at some point, 'cause that's what happened with me.

Gorgug: Yeah?

Golderhoard: That might be true, but that's an irresponsible thing to tell an adopted child.

Fig: I think that.

Gorgug: I just gotta knock myself out.

Kristen: No! Don't listen to Fig.

Goldenhoard: All right! Everyone go home! All go home!

Brennan: We're gonna come back to the cafeteria. Riz, you are concealed, from sight. You see -

Ally: Looks like a ball.

Murph: I'm trying not to be a ball, but I'm a ball.

Emily: You're trying to be a stick.

Brennan: You see that Jace walks in, who is the sorcery teacher here. Sorcery, they tell you in your first day here, you heard Jace teaching some classes. Sorcery is an innate ability of people to cast magic, so a sorcery teacher is kind of just like, an older adult friend to hang out and talk shop for the most part. But you see he goes like,

Jace: Arthur dead on the first day. Mr. Gibbons gone. Doreen. Wild.

Brennan: And you see the barbarian says,

Porter: Yeah. Seems things are getting started a little earlier this year than normal.

Brennan: You see that Jace casts a sort of Divination spell, starts looking around. You see he goes,

Jace: My God! Some kind of Conjuration happened here. Looks like divine in nature. Yeah, some demonic entity, maybe fallen angels from the Helionic faith, something like that. That's bizarre. What happened to the ward? You shouldn't be able to summon creatures on school grounds.

Brennan: And you see that Porter looks over and says,

Porter: Well, wards are like walls, you know? If you're strong enough, you can break 'em, I suppose.

Jace: Everything you say sounds fucking creepy, man. I gotta be straight with you about that. I don't know why you talk that way. I'm trying to make a bridge between you and me. We're coworkers. I'd like to get along, you know? You're not required to be my friend, but, like, a little cordiality, man. Like, spoonful of sugar. Help me out, man. I'm here trying to make something happen.

Porter: I'm gonna go check on those kids. It doesn't seem right that they're all alone.

Jace: Well, hey man. They're not alone. They have each other. And they kind of do have each other, because they've missed the window to form an adventuring party, so they're kind of de facto one, unless they leave school. There's a couple options open. All right, well, I'm gonna go log this stuff in the sort of arcane register. You have a good one, man.

Brennan: And you see that Jace leaves and Porter just sort of guards the door for the rest of the time that you're there.

Murph: Cool. I just wait, I guess.

Brennan: About 15 minutes after that, cops show up.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: And your mom is there.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Yeah. They come in. They start to sort of put the tape up. You see that there's an old looking gnome who's, like, got a bit of a paunch and a trench coat, and you see that he's got these sort of glowing blue eyes from like a permanent detect magic situation going. He pulls the stub of a cigar out of his mouth and he's like,

Dusty: Looky, looky what we've got here. Little old murder-suicide, huh? Yeah, tell you what, man. I ain't seen a phoenix egg since way back in 1112. You know what I'm talking about? All right. Look at this poor son of a bitch.

Brennan: You see that your mom walks up next to him. She says,

Sklonda: Dusty, what are we looking at here in terms of arcane?

Dusty: Arcane? I'll tell you this, Sklonda. You wish it was arcane. This is pure divine magic. Thing got summoned up, some kind of dark, I don't know, antithesis, right? You ever hear that theory about the higher planes and the lower planes? You know, you got angels, you got fiends, right? But they say the most powerful fiends used to be angels. You know what I'm talking about?

Dusty: So you got someone like Asmodeus who's the, you know, the boss of the Nine Hells, all the way at the bottom. They got like a reverse hierarchy there. He used to be up in the celestial heights, running around, doing good, all kind of stuff like that.

Brennan:What are you gonna do?

Murph: I will, I'm gonna wait for a moment when, like, the, maybe the other guy is turned around or something to kind of let my mom know I'm there.

Brennan: Cool. Make a Sleight of Hand check to get your mom's attention.

Murph: Sure. Pretty good, 21.

Brennan: Awesome! You see that your mom, her eyes go over to you hiding and you see that she's sort of writing things in a notebook. She looks over at you and goes,

Sklonda: No. No. No. Come on, no. Riz!

Riz: I wanted to call you!

Sklonda: Why didn't you?

Riz: I made friends!

Sklonda: You made friends? Oh sweetheart, that's great!
 Riz: They didn't trust cops!

Sklonda: Why are you in the murder scene?

Riz: I was here.

Sklonda: You were here, present?

Riz: I was one of the kids, yeah!

Sklonda: God! Go! Sneak out the window. Meet me in the parking lot. Okay.

Murph: Sneak out.

Brennan: Cool. Give me a Stealth check.

Murph: Oh, hell yeah, dude! 27!

Brennan: Oh yeah!

Emily: Woo!

Brennan: So slick, dude! Out of there, dude! You guys get picked up by your parents.

Ally: Quickly, can we like exchange numbers in the parking lot or something so we can start like a text chain?

Murph: A group text?

Fabian: Let's just talk tomorrow.

Gorgug: That sounds good to me, again.

Fig: Okay, yeah, that's fine.

Kristen: Are you guys online?

Gorgug: I gotta go.

Fabian: I'm also going to leave. I'm sorry.

Fig: Hey, real quick, before we go, like, I just want to tell you guys, like, I know that I don't really wear my heart on my sleeve, so you guys might not tell this, but like, I trust you guys. I think you're cool. Like, you're cool with me.

Kristen: Yeah, that's what I'm saying too! Like, we just went through a lot together. Are you at least online? You guys can find me by my name and then we can all just, like, chat.

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: You all have my business card.

Adaine: I am, but my parents monitor everything and I feel like I'm -

Riz: Let's just meet here tomorrow. Why don't we meet in the parking lot tomorrow morning?

Fabian: We'll meet tomorrow morning.

Kristen: Okay, but I do, once a week, I, it's not a bible study.

Fig and Fabian: Okay!

Kristen: No! No!

Brennan: You guys all head out -

Kristen: There's snacks!

Brennan: You see, Gorgug, you get into, you squeeze into the back of a tiny little gnomish car, and you see that your mom and dad have both clearly been crying so hard, and you see they look back there and they go,

Thislesprings: Hey bud, how was your first day at school?

Gorgug: It was bad.

Wilma and Digby: Oh, buddy!

Brennan: And they both clamber back and give you a big hug.

Gorgug: I died!

Wilma and Digby: Oh bud, we're so sorry! We're so sorry!

Gorgug: Have you ever died?

Digby: You know, it's not that I've died, but you're not alone. So, I don't wanna ever say that I haven't gone through something you've gone through.

Ally: What?

Zac: I just roll down the window and just put my whole head out.

Brennan: You see that slowly your parents are just like, both of your parents just stare ahead with this look of like, we can't understand our son! And just drive off together.

Brennan: Kristen, your parents pull up in the station wagon. You see your three little brothers are all in the back. You see that your dad looks at you and goes,

Mac: Wow! What happened, kiddo? Are you okay?

Kristen: Yeah, I think I'm okay.

Brennan: Mom and dad give you a big hug.

Kristen: Yeah. It was really scary. I think I went to heaven and I met Helio.

Mac: Oh, we gotta tell Pastor Amelia!

Kristen: Yeah.

Mac: We gotta tell her you met -

Kristen: I have actually a lot of questions after meeting Helio. Do you think we could stop at the bookstore on the way home?

Mac: The book? Wait, do you mean the church?

Kristen: Yeah. Well, no, the church bookstore. I need to get some books that explain other religions also.

Mac: Get in the back of the -

Kristen: Okay, okay, okay!

Mac: Get in the back of the car!

Brennan: You guys take off. Fig, you see that a giant griffon lands in the lawn and your mom stands up and gets off of it. Sweetie, are you okay?

Fig: Yeah, I fought valiantly. I was part of the fight.

Sandra Lynn: Baby, I believe you.

Brennan: And she kisses you on the head.

Fig: Thanks, mom.

Sandra Lynn: Hop on. Let's get out of here.

Fig: By the way, I know that dad drove a motorcycle.

Brennan: She blanches completely white in the face.

Fig: And I just wanna say, in terms of choosing men, that's pretty metal.

Brennan: She smiles a little sort of half embarrassed smile. You guys get on the griffon, take off. Riz, you meet your mom out in the parking lot. You see she looks at you and says,

Sklonda: Sweetie, what the hell is going on?

Riz: Well, the, well, I'm sure you saw the crime scene, but they resurrected two of our friends. We were attacked by some kind of corn monster, but the lunch lady, while she was possessed, or rather, after she was possessed, said that one of the faculty was involved. So, I hid under the table to make sure that they didn't mess with the crime scene.

Sklonda: One of the faculty was involved?

Riz: That's what the lunch lady said before she died.

Sklonda: Okay. And the lunch lady, you trust her? She's someone that is credible?

Riz: I don't see why she would lie right before she died.

Sklonda: Okay.

Riz: I mean, it was worth looking into. I wasn't just gonna trust that two random faculty members that I didn't know yet were gonna not do something.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Sklonda: That was extremely reckless to hide in there, 'cause even if they were criminals, then you'd be in there alone with two adult criminals, kiddo. Okay?

Riz: I know.

Sklonda: I'd rather have you safe than crack the case. You understand?

Riz: Okay.

Sklonda: Okay. Get in the car. Let's get home.

Brennan: Adaine, you see that your mother and father show up.

Siobhan: I'm standing so stiff.

Brennan: You see that your father pulls up. Your mother gets out of the passenger seat. Your father does not get out. Your mother walks up to you briskly, kind of has like a hand up over the side of her face. You see she says,

Arianwen: Your father would like you to get into the car. He doesn't want to step out and be seen here.

Adaine: I don't have to have him step out for me to get into the car. I'm not an idiot.

Arianwen: He wanted to let you know that he wasn't going to step out.

Adaine: Oh, really? Oh, really? How very mature.

Arianwen: I don't think that this is a proper time for you to be chastising your mother. You are, first of all, sleeveless. And second of all, I understand that you defended yourself through your martial prowess?

Siobhan: I say nothing to them for the rest of the night.

Brennan: You get into the car with them. As you're driving along, you see that your father doesn't say anything. Your mother doesn't say anything until you're right about to get home, and your father says,

Angwyn: I never thought I would have a daughter that would receive detention.

Brennan: And he just gets out of the car and walks into the house.

Siobhan: And internally, I'm like, that's the thing he's mad about? I killed a woman with a ladle and he's mad that I got detention. My parents suck so much!

Emily: I know. I kinda wanna fuck up your parents.

Siobhan: I really do too.

Brennan: Fabian. You see that, a huge, it's like a long hot rod, it's like multiple engines. You can hear the elementals screaming in the engines. Pulls up. It's just like red and gilded. It has like a figurehead of a woman holding a trident on the front of it.

Emily: Oh!

Siobhan: So dope!

Emily: That's awesome.

Brennan: It rolls up and you see your father steps out of it. He goes,

Bill: Ha! There's the boy. Now, tell me true, lad. Did you fight with honor?

Fabian: It was, I did, papa. I did. Can we get -

Bill: Fighting with honor? That'll be 40 lashes! You fight to win, boy!

Fabian: Papa! Can we go home?

Brennan: He sweeps you up in a hug and he says,

Bil: My boy! You did violence your first day at school! I love ya more than words can say, my boy.

Fabian: Papa, can we please go home? I just want to go home.

Bill: You want to go? You don't want to go downtown? We could go down there. We could tell people about your exploits.

Fabian: No, papa. I just want to go home.

Bill: Well, all right. A little confusing. That's all right. Let's hop in!

Brennan: He opens the door for you, gets into the car with you.

Fabian: Papa, do you remember the first time you watched someone die?

Bill: The first time I watched someone die it was me father. He was lying in his deathbed, and I had a dagger up under his ribs in his heart, and I looked in his eyes and I said, "You'll never speak to me out of the side of your mouth again." And then, mama took me back to first grade.

Fabian: Right. In that case -

Bill: Is that relatable to your experience? We're the same, you and I!

Fabian: We are, yes we are, papa.

Bill: But don't you try to put a dagger in my heart! It'll be the last thing you ever do!

Fabian: Of course, papa.

Bill: I'll put you in the ground before I'll let you kill me.

Fabian: I never would. I never would.

Bill: I just love ya with all me heart, boy. All me heart.

Fabian: And I you.

Bill: Let's go get this lad a drink!

Fabian: Okay.

Brennan: You guys head off in the car. Wonderful! Full rests. You guys, you know, you guys were already at full hit points but all conditions are removed. You guys are second level now.

All: Yay!

Emily: Yeah, bitch! Hell yeah!

Ally: I don't know if this is possible in this world, but is there a way for everyone when they wake up to get an alert of some kind that I've added them to a system called Prayer Chain?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that that falls under the auspice of your Thaumaturgy.

Ally: Okay, yeah, cool. So they all get a little vision that appears and it's like, you've been added to Prayer Chain by Kristen Applebees.

Emily: Oh my God!

Kristen: "Hi guys! We can communicate on here. There are three other old women who are using this for their real prayers, but they're not gonna understand anything we're talking about, so speak freely."

Emily: Can I use my Thaumaturgy to make Prayer Chain erupt in flames?

Brennan: You see that it doesn't overwhelm the whole channel, but there is basically just a GIF of that. Gif? Jif?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: GIF.

Siobhan: I hate jif.

Brennan: GIF for graphics, right?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You see some fire appears in the prayer chain. You see an old, there's a string of Halfling. I don't know if any of you understand, which basically just seems like -

Lou: Oh, I do.

Brennan: You see that there is an old woman saying, "What is this? Have I done something wrong?"

Lou: Oh God.

Brennan: The rest of you guys are all on the Prayer Chain together, and you arrive at school. School begins with an outdoor assembly. You see Principle Goldenhoard up at a lectern. He's got a long black coat on. There's no longer a suit, so he's got a black overcoat on. And there's kind of like a funereal thing going on here. You see that there are little flower wreaths for Principal Aguefort, Mr. Gibbons, and lunch lady Doreen. He stands up as people assemble. You see he says,

Goldenhoard: Students of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, I'm not going to lie. Yesterday was not a great day for the school.

Fig: Here, here!

Goldenhoard: Get, get the drink! Get the drink! Do we not, -Who's at the front desk that's letting this happen?

Brennan: You see that, you see that one of the faculty comes over and says,

Faculty: Can I take that? Can I get the glass?

Fig: Yeah, you want some?

Emily: I pour a little bit.

Faculty: Okay, I'm going to need to take that.

Fig: Okay, okay. Fair, I've got more. That's cool. I get it.

Brennan: You see that Goldenhoard says,

Goldenhoard: Risk is inevitable in the lives of those that would seek to do great works upon the face of the world. Danger, combat, and even death. These are the things we risk to make a difference. And while we've never had three on the first day, for sure, people have died here before. It's an adventuring school. People die. It's frankly insane that we're open. I'll be for real. It doesn't fully make sense that we are accredited. We are a publicly funded school. We get money from the government, and we've had, again, never three faculty in the same year, let alone the first day.

Fig: This isn't a great eulogy.

Gorgug: It's crazy that we're back at school the second day. There's not a day off.

Fig: Yeah, you think there would be like a day of remembrance.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Fabian: Also, what is this weird thing about the government? God!

Goldenhoard: So.

Gorgug: He's sweating!

Fig: He's sweating a lot.

Kristen: Did you guys get my Prayer Chain -

Fabian: Yes, shut up and please stop. It's very invasive.

Goldenhoard: Basically, I just wanted to say to you that you are safe here, but, you know, don't be an idiot. You know, stay on your toes, because it's gonna come up again.

Gorgug: How many people do you think are gonna die today?

Fig: Yeah, I feel like -

Fabian: Can I try and get the applause started and end this?

Emily: Oh, I’ll help you!

Brennan: Make a, make it just a flat Charisma check.

Lou: Great. 15.

Brennan: You lean back with your cool kid attitude and get a clap going, and everyone just starts clapping and Goldenhoard looks relieved to have an out.

Lou: Great.

Goldenhoard: Yes, that's for Principal Aguefort, lunch lady Doreen, and Mr. Gibbons. I'll never forget Principal Aguefort. The school bears his name. And it will be hard to live up to that. Well, moving on. Some quick announcements.

Fig: Whoa.

Fabian: Wow! I mean, talk about a hard transition.

Fig: A hard pivot from eulogy to announcements.

Goldenhoard: I know, obviously,

Brennan: You see the murmuring of the crowd starts. He says,

Goldenhoard: Obviously hard. Obviously this is not taking away from the grief that we are all moving through. If anybody has grief to process, you can talk to Mr. Gib - Nope. You can talk to, I guess, I guess me! I guess it's me you talk to. Come and talk to me.

Emily: Can I start a Goldenrod chant?

Gorgug: His name is Golden -

Brennan: Go ahead and make a flat.

Gorgug: His name is Goldenhorn!

Brennan: Make a flat.

Emily: Make a what?

Brennan: A Charisma check. Just a flat Charisma check.

Emily: That's gonna be a 19 plus six. 25

All: Goldenrod! Goldenrod! Goldenrod! Goldenrod! Goldenrod! Goldenrod! Goldenrod! Goldenrod!

Goldenhoard: Okay! It's different than my name and I guess that's funny to children.

Gorgug: Why did we do that?

Fabian: It just feels weird. It was kind of funny at the beginning but then it got weird.

Goldenhoard: Quick announcements! The vote came in. We're bringing prom king and queen back this year, so that's fun! A light note.

Kristen: Maybe it can be Doreen and Aguefort.

Fig: Whoa.

Goldenhoard: Okay, it's gonna be, okay, students, but again, this is not really a back and forth. This is more of an announcement situation. We are looking for some new kitchen staff and a guidance counselor, so if you know any adults -

Fig: Is this really, I would think you would post this in a newspaper or something.

Gorgug: You're asking me if I know any?

Fabian: Can I get that applause started again?

Brennan: It's effortless. No roll needed. Another applause starts. He says,

Goldenhoard: Okay! Okay.

Fig: Goldenrod is falling apart.

Goldenhoard: We will also be introducing a new system for safety purposes. Please give a warm round of applause for one of our very own seniors and the head of the A.V. Club, Mr. Biz Glitterdew!

Brennan: You see that a senior, he's this very chubby little pixie. He's about like a foot tall. He's got like a little tee shirt that has some like eight bit pixel thing on it and butterfly wings. He's got like little, sort of thick glasses and little spike of hair, long sideburns. He has little Chuck Taylor, kind of Converse-y sneakers. Flies up. And he goes,

Biz: Hey guys! Wow! Super excited to be addressing the school. A.V. Club spends a lot of time behind the scenes, so you can imagine how excited I am to come up here and shoot the breeze with the number one student body in Elmville!

Riz: Woo!

Kristen: Riz, is that your friend?

Biz: Yeah, this guy gets it!

Brennan: He makes genuine eye contact with you and immediately is like, I like this guy. You see he goes like,

Biz: Yeah, all right!

Fabian: The Ball, don't encourage this.

Biz: So basically, we're gonna be taking a lot of dream crystals and we're gonna be putting them up over the school. These are just basically gonna be recording clairaudience and clairvoyance information, so just sound and picture.

Fig: What?

Biz: It's basically just a security system so we're gonna be able to see what's going on at the school so that this kind of stuff doesn't happen again.

Riz: Boo!

Kristen: Wow Riz, you really turned on him.

Fabian: Yeah, come on, the Ball. Pick a side.

Brennan: There's a drow kid in the very back, like a junior or something, and he goes like,

Kid: Police state! Fucking police state!

Fig: Panopticon!

Brennan: You see that he, the drow goes like,

Kid: That! Fuck yeah!

Fig: Yeah, dude!

Biz: It's okay! I see that we're having some negative reactions. That's understandable. Actually, guys, it's super cool and if you're interested in learning how it works -

Lou: Applause?

Brennan: Go ahead and make the Charisma check.

Lou: Great. 10.

Brennan: You clap a little bit and you see that other people turn to look for you, because they're confused if you like this or not.

Adaine: I have a question.

Biz: Yeah, a question!

Adaine: Is it true that these crystals can be magically manipulated?

Biz: Oh! Dream crystals are extremely complicated pieces of arcano-tech, but they are, a very, skilled or proficient technician -

Adaine: So, perhaps a member of the faculty?

Biz: Huh?

Fig: Why is that -

Gorgug: What? We - 

Riz: Why don't we have this conversation with him later?

All: Yeah.

Biz: All right. This seems more complicated than I was ready for and I'm not prepared, so I'm gonna leave it there. Let's go Owlbears! Hoot!

All: Growl!

Biz: Hoot!

All: Growl!

Biz: Hoot!

All: Growl!

Brennan: He looks so psyched that that worked.

Fig: It's weird that we say growl rather than actually growling.

Brennan: And, flies out of there.

Gorgug: Growl.

Brennan: You see that he dips out of there and classes begin. What do you guys do during your first break?

Emily: Okay, I would like to go to find the lost and found, and I'm gonna take some of like, the old clothing in the lost and found, and I'm gonna throw it over these crystals.

Brennan: Oh, awesome. Go ahead. Are you gonna try to do it stealthily, or just, you are just like, fuck it!

Emily: Stealthily.

Brennan: Oh, go ahead and give me a Stealth check.

Emily: Nine.

Brennan: You throw a jacket from the lost and found, like a hoodie from the lost and found on it. Goldenhoard walks right around the corner, looks at you and goes,

Goldenhoard: What's the deal, Fig? Huh?

Fig: I don't know. I should be asking you that.

Goldenhoard: Goddammit! Look, I'm gonna level with you, all right? You know, I actually took a class on managing, you know, students that are, you know -

Fig: You're attracted to.

Goldenhoard: All right, bye! Bye!

Brennan: And he just runs down the hallway, and then he turns around from far away and says,

Goldenhoard: You stop that! I am - you stop it!

Brennan: And he goes. After a couple of minutes you see that a woman walks over to you who looks like a member of the faculty. You see that she's got a sword coming up over her back. She's got like a shield on her left arm. Kind of like Seven League boots. She looks like, not in the vibe of this, but she looks like she's been coming out from like ranging for a long time. She comes over and says,

Faculty: Fig! How's it going, pal?

Fig: What's your name?

Faculty: You can call me Miss Jones.

Fig: Miss Jones. It's good, yeah. I've got a really productive thing I'm doing.

Miss Jones: Okay, but we can't allow that to happen, right? 'Cause the school has kind of decided on this, so.

Fig: The school has, but where do you weigh in?

Miss Jones: Well, I'm a member of the faculty, so I do what the school does.

Fig: I'm not asking what the school thinks or what a member of the faculty thinks. I'm asking what you, Miss Jones, thinks.

Miss Jones: I like it and it's a good idea.

Fig: All right.

Miss Jones: Cool. Do you have a class to be in?

Fig: Probably.

Miss Jones: It's day two. I know you had a wild day yesterday, but do we think maybe there is some chance that you would, like, attend a class?

Fig: Actually, what does Porter teach?

Miss Jones: He's a barbarian, so -

Fig: The Earth Genasi.

Miss Jones: Yeah. He teaches -

Fig: Could I audit a barbarian class with him to see if I want to be a barbarian?

Miss Jones: Yeah, we don't wanna tell you guys how to live your life. If you want to multi-class, that's fine. You can do that.

Fig: Okay. I'm gonna audit one of his classes today.

Brennan: Cool. You head over to Porter's class. I imagine Gorgug is there, right?

Zac: I'm in that class.

Fig: Shh! I'm here to spy on Porter.

Gorgug: You just walked in the middle of the class!

Fig: I didn't say it loud. I said it really quietly.

Porter: All right, all right, everyone settle in. We're talking today about rage, yeah? Now, what does rage mean to you?

Gorgug: I don't, you weren't asking specifically me, but I don't know.

Porter: Well, you've elected to start talking, so -

Gorgug: I know. I heard myself from outside myself. I don't know. That's, what's everyone else?

Fig: Everyone just give him a minute, just give him a minute.

Gorgug: I'm just ready to be, I don't know. I don't know what. It confuses me everyday.

Porter: Okay. It confuses you, yeah? So, what's confusion, then, right? What does that feel like?

Gorgug: Like when you, it's when your brain just doesn't understand what's happening.

Porter: Yeah, it's like there's a wall there, isn't it?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Porter: Now, what you feel like when there's a wall that's stopping you from getting where you want to go, how does that start to make you feel?

Gorgug: It's just like, not good. Like, it's bad.

Porter: Okay, not good, but yeah, bad. When you, right, so you come against that and there's a bad feeling, right? And you can't get what you want. Right? And there's something in your way. What do you do?

Gorgug: Well, my mom and dad would say to sing a song at it.

Porter: Let's see what everyone else in the class, what do other people, what do other people kind of think? Like young lady, what do you think about rage?

Fig: What do I think about rage?

Porter: What do you think about it?

Fig: Well, I kind of think it's inevitable, 'cause, I mean, like, people really let you down left and right.

Porter: Yeah!

Fig: So you're always gonna feel rage. It's just a matter of whether or not you use it productively or just whether or not you control it or it controls you.

Brennan: A small tear forms in the corner of his eye.

Porter: That's exactly right. That is exactly right. That is amazing.

Fig: Thank you.

Gorgug: Please don't! Get out of my way! That's like a song my mom or my dad would sing.

Ally: Please don't?

Emily: Fig feels bad for him so she tries to play along with him a little bit.

Gorgug: Please, stop. Don’t - Get out of my way.

Ally: Don't, don't, don't.

Porter: Is it get out of your way or don't get out of my way?

Gorgug: It depends on if how much they're in your way.

Porter: Even in your song you, you don't want the obstacles to remove themselves.

Gorgug: Yeah. I'm sorry, I just was trying to, her answer was so right. I wanted to piggyback off of it.

Porter: All right. Well, you know what? We need to take a break. Here's a little tip. Generally speaking, barbarians don't use words like piggyback.

Emily: Can I just secretly give him some bardic inspiration?

Brennan: Yeah!

Emily: 'Cause I feel bad for him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Okay, you got some bardic inspiration.

Brennan: The strum of the bass guitar kind of fills you with a little bit of purpose, and it's nice having Fig around. At least there's someone here who gets you a little bit. What's everybody else doing?

Murph: I think I'd like to track down the A.V. Club guy.

Brennan: Cool. You go over to the A.V. club. You walk into the A.V. room. There are like crazy copper wires and these like weird crystal screens glowing. There's like a weird, golden gun camera thing. It's all glowing and humming with arcane energy. You see that Biz is here in his tee shirt. There's also a very lanky Aarakocra. It's like a bird person. It's got like wings and a long face. And you see that there is what looks just like an anthropomorphic turtle. Just like a turtle person.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Turtle person is kind of at a little thing, tinkering at something at a table. And you see the bird guy is kind of moving wires from one part to another of this weird brass cooling engine for some kind of crystal technology.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: You see Biz turns around and says,

Biz: Hey! Dude, hold on one second!

Brennan: He starts looking in a bag for something and he takes out a business card and hands it to you.

Riz: Well, boy, do I have something for you!

Biz: What the heck? Give me a break, dude!

Murph: Oh God!

Biz: What's up, man?

Murph: Riz quietly wonders if this is what he's like.

Riz: So, the, I mean, the A.V. Club seems really cool. Like, who let you, what faculty member was like, giving you all this stuff? Letting you do this?

Biz: What faculty member?

Riz:Yeah! Like, you guys got like, who's the head of the A.V. Club?

Biz: Oh, I'm the head of the A.V. Club. We had to file for the club. We had to go to approach Principal Aguefort and Vice Principal Goldenhoard. And then, Coach Daybreak checks in on us from time to time, but just because we record games and stuff like that.

Riz: Right. Who's idea was the camera? The crystals that watch everyone?

Biz: Oh, that was like the police and Vice Principal Goldenhoard were talking about that that might be a good idea.

Riz: Okay. Interesting. Cool. Very cool!

Biz: Do you want to join, dude?

Riz: Yep, I do! I do.

Biz: Dude!

Riz: I think this is really good for me.

Biz: Dude! Give me that!

Riz: What's up, man?

Biz: Yep! That's awesome!

Riz: This is awesome.

Biz: Cool. Well, orientation. Why don't you just, we're kind of working on some stuff right now, but orientation's gonna happen like tomorrow, 'cause we might have some other students just drop by because we have some interest. People have been.

Brennan: You see that the aarakocra turns around and goes like,

Aarakocra: It's been crazy here. People have been coming in left and right. It's been nuts.

Riz: If I had met you guys yesterday I'd be so pumped.

Biz: Dude! Man, where are my manners, dude? These are my two boys. This is Skrank Douglas, and you see the bird person says,

Skrank: Skrank!

Riz: How are you doing?

Emily: Skrank!

Riz: I carry a briefcase. That's my thing. Here is a business card.

Brennan: He takes it. And he says,

Biz: And this is Shellford. He's kind of the bad boy.

Shellford: ‘Sup.

Murph: He's a turtle!

Riz: Hey, Shellford.

Shellford: Yeah, whatever.

Riz: Oh man!

Biz: Don't worry about him. He's got a little bit of a shell!Emotionally.

Riz: That's really good!

Biz: Yeah, dude! Dude, sick, man! Sick!

Riz: Do you have, do you guys have one of those crystals like outside, could you see if like, you know, if somebody was hanging out outside the school or anything like that?

Biz: Sure! We have some front facing cameras, for sure.

Riz: Can I see?

Brennan: You see he says, he looks around and he starts dipping through some screens, kind of adjusting them with sort of like a cantrip or something like that. You see the different images come up of like around the school. Basically, it's just like a security cam, you know? Just CCTV kind of thing.

Murph: I'm looking to see if Johnny Spells is there creeping on anybody.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Perception check for me.

Murph: Okay. Hm, 14.

Brennan: You see that, out by the parking lot, even though it's like sort of entering between periods right now, out by the parking lot where you saw Johnny Spells yesterday, you see Penelope Everpetal by herself, standing sort of under a tree and checking a little watch. Make an Insight check for me.

Murph: 10.

Brennan: She looks worried, generally worried. She's checking a watch, looking around, rubbing her legs. Looks like something's wrong.

Riz: Okay. Well, it was great meeting you guys and I'll be back for all the meetings and such.

Biz: Oh, awesome, dude! Dude, do you like any games? Do you do, like, gaming at all or anything like that?

Riz: A little bit. I do mystery games and such.

Biz: Oh, awesome! Very cool, dude. Mystery games, yeah, man! You kind of have like a Sherlock vibe. Dude, that could be, like, your nickname!

Riz: I need to go right now, but this is really fun, you guys.

Biz: All right, man! You do it, man!

Riz: I'll see ya, buddy.

Murph: I bolt out.

Biz: Awesome! Awesome!

Murph: And I'd like to try to find one of these guys or see if anybody's out here.

Brennan: I'm gonna say that you guys actually, there's a free period and you guys all find each other.

Fig: Okay. I just need to real quick make sure that you guys know that I think something's up with Porter. He wasn't surprised when he saw the crime scene.

Riz: I stayed in the cafeteria yesterday and he didn't do anything while they were there.

Fig: But he wasn't surprised.

Riz: But, more pressing, there's a dude named Johnny Spells and he's rad as hell, and he rides a motorcycle and he's a tiefling, and he's got -

Fig: Sorry, what?

Riz: He rides, he's rad, he rides a motorcycle, he's got these magic powers and he drives around on his motorcycle -

Fig: So he looked, like, virile?

Riz: Yeah, he definitely fucks.

Fabian: What?

Riz: He definitely fucks. He rules. He rules, but I think he's, I think he's like a guy! Okay, look.

Adaine: Sounds terrible. He hangs around -

Riz: Look, okay? There is - one of the popular girls is out there waiting in a parking lot, and I think something might happen to her if somebody doesn't get there soon.

Gorgug: Should we all go to the parking lot?

Adaine: Well, I'm going to go to the library and I'm gonna find out about the faculty, because I don't trust these people.

Fig: I'm telling you, Porter!

Kristen: I'm gonna go to the library too, 'cause I'm gonna get some books -

Fabian: I'll roll with the Ball.

Fig: I'll come out to the parking lot with you.

Riz: All right.

Gorgug: I kind of, I don't want to go to the library but I don't want to do the other thing, so I might just sit here.

Fig: Where is Penelope? Where is Penelope?

Riz: She's in the parking lot.

Gorgug: Just feels like -

Fig: Is she like sitting on a bench or anything?

Riz: She's standing there waiting for something, so -

Gorgug: All right, I'll go outside.

Fabian: How do you want to handle this, the Ball?

Fig: I've got an idea. I'll go. Well, do we want to kind of try and -

Riz: We want to see what's going on. If you want to pretend to be her friend or something and just see what's going on with her -

Fig: I got, I can do you one better. Well -

Fabian: What's that, what's that?

Kristen: Are you gonna become Johnny Spells?

Fig: No, I wasn't gonna do that. I was gonna pretend to be blind and stand next to her.

Gorgug: Whoa.

Kristen: Oh, brother. Oh, brother.

Riz: You're a cool girl, she's a cool girl. Just go talk to her like a person!

Fig: I don't know if I can go back into that life.

Gorgug: From yesterday?

Fig: No, I'm saying, like, that life of, she's a different type of--

Riz: Okay, she might be kidnapped right now, so I'm gonna go.

Fig: Okay, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming. I'm coming.

Brennan: Cool. Who is going out to the parking lot? One, two, three. And then we have, oh, and four are going to the parking lot. You two go to the library. Adaine and Kristen, you guys head to the library together. You arrive at the library. You open the doors and once again you see the restricted section over in the one corner and then big towering columns of books. Ancient grimoires of magic, tomes of forgotten lore, and you see there's a small librarian woman who is walking around and stacking books.

Adaine: Excuse me, are there any books on, maybe the history of the school and also current faculty members?

Librarian: The history of the school and current faculty members?

Adaine: Files, or, anything that we might be able to read? We're just new to the school and we want to find out about -

Kristen: Mm-hm.

Adaine: We love this school so much.

Kristen: Yeah. The more you know.

Librarian: And any other books while we're at it?

Kristen: Yeah, there was a big, deathly tsunami on the island of Fallinel.

Librarian: Oh no!

Kristen: And I just want to read about the history of that, and I'm just kind of obsessed with why bad things happen to good people, because I never really, I got to meet God and he just refused to answer that question. So, I'm just gonna do a little reading on my own.

Librarian: All right. Okay.

Kristen: Aguefort was in my backpack but I was cool about it.

Adaine: Oh, and if you have anything on the, are there any news reports on what happened to the Elven oracle who's ship collided -

Librarian: Newspaper and periodicals?

Adaine: Yes.

Librarian: This is a school library, but if you want to have -

Adaine: You don't have a newspaper at the school library?

Librarian: Well, we have a school newspaper but we wouldn't have any information about shipwrecks. You're welcome to, I can write a pass for you to go to City Hall and requisition a microfiche.

Adaine: Maybe later.

Kristen: Maybe later.

Adaine: Just the other books for now.

Brennan: She goes off to look for some books. You see that the librarian has a couple books. She says,

Librarian: These are the books I was able to find. This has some about the founding of the school. The Eons of Solace, which is a tome referencing the history of the nation of Solace. I couldn't find anything about the full faculty, but the only book I could find that sort of fit that was an autobiography of Arthur Aguefort, ‘Abracadabra: Look at Me Now, My Life in Magic’.

Brennan: And you see that there's a book with a glossy Arthur Aguefort on the cover that looks like a kind of tell-all memoir.

Adaine: Woo hoo!

Librarian: This is from the restricted section, but not because it has dark magic. It's just pretty spicy.

Brennan: You see she hands it to you and she says,

Librarian: And this is ‘A People's History of Fallinel’. It's a basically a history of the Elven continent, written from the perspective of dispossessed peoples and the marginalized, so it's sort of a, a contrasting point of view to some of the more documented histories. There's a lot of information about, kind of grain and economy.

Kristen: Hm.

Librarian: It's pretty dense. A lot of people hit that, sort of first year of college.

Kristen: This will help in my search for deep answers.

Librarian: Yes, it should! If you really crack in there, you'll find some, you'll find it. Hopefully that was helpful. Thank you.

Brennan: And she goes back to stacking books. We'll dip out to the parking lot.

Riz: I think maybe I should hide in one of your backpacks, because I'm the Ball and I don't think this cool girl -

Fig: Yeah, hide in my backpack. I'm gonna go over to her with my flask.

Fabian: I like that.

Riz: I love that idea.

Emily: I'm gonna cast Friends.

Murph: Can I hide in her backpack?

Emily: Can I cast friends on the liquor in my flask? So that anyone who drinks from it will have Friends cast on them?

Brennan: That's for sure not how the spell is used but I'm gonna allow it, 'cause it's cool.

Zac: I'm gonna just stay kind of by the edge of the parking lot, 'cause I can see very - I have good Perception.

Brennan: Cool. You guys approach Penelope. Go ahead and make a Stealth check.

Fabian: You can get in my backpack. Get in my backpack, the Ball.

Murph: 16.

Fig: Fabian, don't drink from this.

Fabian: Why are you saying don't drink? I'm not gonna drink from that.

Brennan: You walk up to her. She looks over at you.

Fig: Cutting class?

Penelope: I'm sorry?

Fig: Are you cutting class?

Penelope: Yeah, I guess.

Fabian: We are as well.

Fig: Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry, I was being rude. You want some?

Brennan: Make a Persuasion check, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: Gladly. That's gonna be a 20. Not nat.

Brennan: Not nat. You see she goes,

Penelope: You brought alcohol to school?

Fig: Yeah. Are you worried it's gonna make you seem cooler and make it more likely that you become prom queen?

Fabian: Yeah!

Penelope: I'm sorry, you're a little freak and I love it. Can I get some of that?

Fig: Yeah, absolutely.

Brennan: She takes a hit of it. She says,

Penelope: Oh my God! That is so good.

Fig: Yeah, it's peppermint schnapps.

Penelope: Minty! I like that.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that she hands it back to you. She says,

Penelope: Well, what's up? Are you guys, like, hanging out in the parking lot too? You're trying to cut class?

Fig: Yeah.

Penelope: It's like, Aguefort's not here. Like, what's even the deal?

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: We're actually, you know, we're actually here waiting for somebody.

Penelope: Wait a minute! You're that kid who, like, sliced it up on the field yesterday, right?

Fabian: Guilty as charged!

Penelope: Can I just say, like, I think it's bullshit that you're not on the team. That's crazy!

Fabian: You are too sweet.

Penelope: Your dad is Bill Seacaster, right?

Fabian: Again, guilty as charged!

Penelope: Well, that's rad. I mean, I'm sure you guys are like -

Murph: I'm just biting him from inside his backpack.

Fabian: Stop!

Penelope: And this is like a freaky question, 'cause I'm like so much older than you guys. You probably have, like, your own parties and stuff. But like, I have a birthday coming up. If we were ever to have, like, a party and like, we couldn't have it at my place for some reason, you think your dad's place would be like an option?

Fabian: Guilty as charged!

Penelope: Oh my God, that doesn't apply there.

Fabian: I mean -

Penelope: It doesn't grammatically fit to what I said.

Fabian: No, but I would, I mean, I was just, I was saying, of course.

Fig: When is your birthday?

Fabian: Yeah, when is it?

Penelope: My birthday?

Fig: Yeah.

Penelope: It's May 15th.

Fig: Oh, so you don't have a birthday party coming up right now.

Zac: That's like at the end of the year.

Fig: Okay. I thought you were saying - Like, later.

Fabian: You know, it doesn't matter. Of course! My parents are always away and traveling, so, like, we could totally hook something up. Like, it was -

Penelope: Sure!

Fabian: Of course!

Penelope: Well, that's awesome. I would love that. That would be awesome.

Fig: What are you doing out here?

Brennan: Make an Insight check, both of you.

Murph: Can I make one too?

Brennan: You get one at disadvantage because you're in a backpack.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check from this point?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: Eight.

Emily: I only got five. Oh!

Murph: Nat one.

Zac: I got a 16 from far away.

Brennan: 16 from far away! So you're across the parking lot. She looks, you cannot hear what they're saying, but you see a facial expression that looks like deep hurt and worry.

Zac: I should have gone over there.

Penelope: So, I don't know. I'm waiting. My friend Sam Nightingale is being really weird and she's hanging around this guy Johnny Spells.

Fig: Mm. Oh, is he the Tiefling who rides a motorcycle?

Penelope: Yeah.

Fig: Isn't he, like, old enough to be one of our dads?

Penelope: The other kids said a dad thing the other day. Do you guys all have, like, dad stuff? Or what's the deal?

Fig: No, no, absolutely not.

Fabian: My father's Bill Seacaster.

Penelope: Sure, but like, you might still have dad stuff.

Fabian: I don't have dad stuff.

Fig: I mean, if we're speaking candidly, who doesn't have dad stuff?

Penelope: I don't have dad stuff.

Fig: What is he doing right?

Penelope: I mean, he just raised me and was like, he was very loving and attentive. I don't know, he was like a solid parent.

Fig: All right, I stand corrected.

Fabian: But anyway, so is Sam, is Sam coming, or is she -

Fig: Yeah, Sam Nightingale.

Penelope: It's just weird, 'cause like, she didn't show up to school today, and she like always does, so, I'm not super sure, like.

Fig: So you're just kind of like, playing the friend part, being like, are you coming?

Penelope: Well, I like, shot a little message to her crystal and it was like, I didn't get a response back and it's been like 10 minutes, so it's like, what's going on? Like, it takes two seconds to send a text message.

Fabian: Totally.

Fig: Weird! Where does she live?

Fabian: Yeah, where does she live? Also, do you know where Johnny lives?

Penelope: Johnny doesn't live anywhere. He hangs out at the fucking gas station by the highway.

Fabian: Like, often? Like, if we went there in the evening, would he be there?

Penelope: Sam and he having been, like, sort of going steady for basically the whole summer.

Fabian: Mm-hm.

Penelope: And he for real is like, I've never even seen him lie down. Like, I don't know that if he has a home or if he even sleeps or whatever.

Fabian: Mm-hm.

Penelope: But like, he like, obviously is around town a lot. He hangs out with a group of dudes that are all, like, sketchy. You know what I mean? Like -

Fabian: Of course.

Fig: No, totally. They sound cool.

Penelope: But like, I know that they're like, he has a souped up car and like, it's a super fast car, and he has his motorcycle and stuff and there's a garage over by the highway. But like, it's a really seedy part of town. Like, only fucking losers live over there.

Fig: Sorry, I'm just, I'm wondering, are you saying that you're worried? Do you trust Johnny? Or, what are you worried about with Sam?

Brennan: Make another Persuasion check with advantage this time.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check?

Emily: Well, that will be a 24.

Zac: 13 on mine.

Emily: It's gonna be 24. 24.

Penelope: Do you remember a girl named Penny Luckstone?

Murph: Riz throws up in your backpack.

Emily: I see the vomit dripping from your backpack.

Penelope: Did your backpack just make a fucking, it stinks in here!

Fig: Dude, did your Tupperware spill?

Fabian: Yeah, of course! My Tupperware spilled!

Penelope: What kind of gross fucking lunch does your dad pack you that you fucking -

Fabian: He's generally, it's just a lot of citrus and raw meat, so I'm gonna go clean this out. But hey, hit me up if you ever need that party, all right?

Penelope: All right!

Fabian: Actually, do you mind if I leave my backpack here? I'm gonna go grab -

Penelope: I would rather you stay and the backpack go!

Fabian: Okay, you know what, actually?

Lou: I just chuck my backpack. I like, throw it. I aim for him. 
 Zac: I'm gonna do an Athletics check and try to -

Lou: I try to throw it to him.

Brennan: Okay, you hurl it -

Zac: And I just rolled it and I got a, I got a 10.

Brennan: You got a 10! You make an Athletics check. You have to get a 15 to get it to where -

Lou: Great. Oh, nope. Nine.

Brennan: So you go leap forward, Gorgug. I'm gonna say that you, Riz, take six points of damage as you are hurled skyward and slam into a car. Bam! Glass shatters! Beep beep beep!

Zac: He just smashed - I'll just grab the backpack and run. 

Brennan: You see Penelope looks over and says, you see Penelope looks over and says, I think that freak loser just stole your backpack out of that car you hit!

Fabian: Oh, what a fucking loser! Oh, that -

Penelope: Drop that bag, you fucking freak! What's your deal? You're like a creep! This kid's a fucking creep!

Fig: No, no, no! It's okay. I'll take care of it!

Emily: And then I pretend to throw fire at him but it's just Thaumaturgy. Am I allowed to do that?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Emily: So, I'm like, I'll take care of it. But it's not, it doesn't actually, it's not fire.

Penelope: Jesus Christ! You are a fucking insane bitch, and I fucking love it!

Fabian: Yes, yes.

Zac: I just run around the corner.

Riz: Oh no. Oh no.

Emily: Oh, and there's no clothing left in the lost and found for you to change into!

Riz: Can I have some of your shirt? I'm small.

Gorgug: No!

Riz: You can have, like, a crop top.

Murph: I just start biting his shirt. I just make a crop top so I can wear it like a toga.

Brennan: Fabian and Fig.

Lou: Yeah.

Penelope: It's pointless. She's probably not gonna show up. Like, sometimes she gets a ride here with Johnny, but like, it's just so weird. Their relationship is so fucking weird, honestly.

Fig: Yeah, especially since he's old enough to be someone's dad.

Penelope: I don't think he's old enough to be someone's, I mean, he could be someone's dad.

Fig: Okay.

Penelope: But he's, like, honestly very weird about that stuff. Like, Sam honestly gets pissed at him because they, like, haven't, like, done it.

Fabian: What?

Penelope: He's, like, extremely weird about it.

Fabian: Everything I've heard about this guy is that he fucks.

Penelope: No! Like, straight up -

Fig: I did hear that he fucks!

Fabian: We both heard he fucks.

Fig: Yeah!

Penelope: No, I know that everyone hears that he fucks but I'm telling you, like -

Fig: It's like, yeah.

Penelope: He doesn't. That's the thing.

Fig: That's so weird.

Fabian: Yeah, of course.

Penelope: It's like, honest to God. You guys are, like, young. You guys are like 15.

Fabian: No, I'm 16, actually.

Penelope: Oh cool, okay. I'm 17. I'm turning 18 and I'm bad.

Fabian: Of course. Party at my house.

Penelope: That's awesome!

Fig: I'm 15 but I started partying pretty early.

Penelope: Yeah, I fucking believe it! Oh my God!

Fabian: You know, actually, Penelope, I'm gonna go get my bag, but it was so good to meet you -

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: And you totally have my vote for prom queen.

Fig: Let's totally party! Let's all party. I heard a lot of people are trying to get.

Penelope: Did you fucking cast a Friends spell on me?

Fig: No!

Penelope: Yes, you fucking did!

Fig: Are you kidding me? I used up all my spells.

Fabian: Yeah, it was probably that freak kid!

Penelope: Friends is a fucking cantrip! Do you not go to school here?

Fig: I don't have Friends. Like, I don't have that spell.

Penelope: Yeah, you're not gonna have friends when I'm done with you.

Brennan: She turns around and walks away.

Fabian: Penelope!

Lou: Can I chase after her?

Emily: Can I cast Friends on her again?

Brennan: You can go for it if you like. If you look at Friends. 

Emily: I know, I know.

Brennan: It lets people know that you cast it at the end of it.

Fig: It wasn't me! It was that freak!

Brennan: You see she turns around. Make a Persuasion check with disadvantage.

Emily: Disadvantage. Okay. I got a 10.

Brennan: A 10? She turns around and says,

Penelope: The creep did it?

Fig: Yeah. Maybe!

Fabian: Penelope, I know that creep. That's like, so -

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Persuasion check.

Lou: Oh God. 15.

Fabian: That's totally his game!

Penelope: Honestly, I'm so sorry I freaked out! I'm just like in this place where my best friend is like -

Fabian: No, of course!

Penelope: With this fucking guy who hangs out a gas station! I'm gonna make sure that that kid dies, okay?

Fig: Dies?

Fabian: What?

Penelope: No, but like, socially.

Fabian: No, of course, yeah.

Penelope: Socially! Oh my God. It's so hard at an adventuring school, 'cause you wanna use hyperbole -

Fabian: No, of course.

Zac: I'm gonna make a Perception check from around the corner.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: I get, what, a 14.

Brennan: 14, yeah, you hear that.

Fabian: Penelope, we're gonna go, but will you totally hit us up if there's like any -

Fig: Yeah, just let us know if there's a party or anything like that.

Fabian: Yeah, we're honestly worried about Sam as well, so if you could just let us know if she's okay and if you hear anything. That would be so dope.

Fig: Honestly, girl, I'm just gonna say it. The thing I'm most interested in is this Johnny Spells guy and how he doesn't fuck.

Penelope: Like, honestly, spread the word.

Fig: Yeah!

Fabian: It's so fucking weird.

Penelope: He's got the jacket and everything, and it's like, fucking!

Fig: If there's a party, just invite me so I can be like, what's up with you? You don't fuck.

Penelope: Yeah, 100%.

Fabian: Totally see you later. Later, Penelope.

Fig: Bye!

Penelope: All right, Fabian, Fig, later!

Fig: Bye!

Fabian: Hey Riz, what the fuck was that?

Fabian: What the fuck was that?

Fig: Gorgug, I am so sorry!

Fabian: Why'd you throw up in my goddamn backpack? You know what? Fuck you, dude! What'd you throw up in my fucking backpack -

Riz: That's my babysitter! My babysitter is missing!

Fabian: Oh my God, shut the fuck up!

Fig: Oh my God!

Fabian: He hangs out at the Akron, at the Arkon gas station and garage. He has a car there.

Fig: We don't know anything about Penny because you threw up in the bag and we had to do damage control!

Fabian: Yeah, you fucking idiot!

Fig: And speaking of damage control, Gorgug, we kind of -

Gorgug: I need another shirt. My shirt is halved.

Brennan: Adaine and Kristen walk out with your books at this moment.

Adaine: Oh dear.

Kristen: Hey, how'd it go?

Fabian: Oh, fine.

Fig: Good in some ways. Like, we had it.

Gorgug: Can you use mend?

Siobhan: Can I cast mend on their clothes?

Brennan: Absolutely!

Riz: Thank you! We are already not very popular. I just joined the A.V. Club. He -

Kristen: You joined the A.V. Club?

Riz: I had to.

Fabian: We socially murdered you.

Fig: We socially murdered you.

Gorgug: What?

Fig: And I'm really sorry!

Gorgug: Why?

Fig: But it was good, because now we're in with her.

Gorgug: But that's not good for me!

Fabian: I mean, you weren't, like you weren't gonna fucking climb very high in the first place.

Fig: Yeah, let's be honest.

Riz: All right, all right. Gorgug and I will play the nerds if it means we can solve the mystery.

Fabian: Okay, “play the nerds”, sure.

Fig: Okay, but -

Riz: We might have to act like we're unpopular, but -

Gorgug: Can I join the A.V. Club, I guess?

Riz: Yeah!

Kristen: Oh, if you guys are looking for a club, I actually run the Fellowship of Heloic Athletes.

Adaine: I found some books.

Emily: I drink my own flask and I'm like, oh shit, why did I do that?

Riz: What kind of books?

Fabian: What books did you find?

Adaine: There's a book about the history of the school and then there's Professor Aguefort's autobiography, which apparently is a little spicy. I don’t know what that means.

Kristen: Yeah, it was in the restricted section.

Gorgug: I bet he,

Kristen: fucks.

Fabian: I bet he fucks.

Riz: I bet he fucks.

Fig: Speaking of people who fuck, Johnny Spells doesn't fuck.

Fabian: Yeah, that was actually crazy!

Gorgug: Johnny Spells doesn't fuck?

Fabian: Johnny Spells does not fuck, supposedly.

Adaine: That's, that's what you found out? This guy -

Kristen: Maybe he's saving himself for marriage. 

Riz: Well, if these people are disappearing and if he has something to do with it, maybe, where is he?

Fig: I'm saying, a man who -

Kristen: Maybe he thinks that if he waits, then that night.

Fabian: Oh my God. All right, I say we -

Kristen: Then you've waited so long.

Fig: Kristen, your pants are bunching up in the weirdest way.

Fabian: Stop, Kristen, all right? Guys, meet at Krom's Diner after school.

Kristen: Okay.

Fig: Okay.

Gorgug: Okay. Does anybody want to, just like, figure out how to go over there together?

Kristen: Yeah, I could use a ride.

Adaine: I'll come with you.

Fig: Oh wait, I can't be seen with you around!

Riz: Can we talk to one person before we leave?

Fabian: Yeah, who?

Riz: There's this, dwarf who went on a little spy mission for me yesterday, much like you guys just did. It's sort of a pattern of behavior for me.

Adaine: You're not the boss of this group.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fabian: Yeah, I'm agreed. You don't get to -

Riz: Don't we want to know where these disappearing people are?

Fabian: Yeah, but you can't slip into a de facto leader role. All right?

Riz: I'm not saying -

Kristen: That's so weird.

Fabian: You seem to be saying -

Riz: I was outvoted last time, and I was right.

Fabian: Here, how about you go talk to your dwarf girl and we'll go do whatever the fuck we want.

Fig: I think we were, I think talking to Goldenrod worked out.

Kristen: It was great.

Fabian: I agree.

Gorgug: Well, you wanna go? All right.

Riz: I just want to find out what happened -

Kristen: By yourself, or you wanna bring the new A.V. Club member? 

Riz: I said anybody can come.

Gorgug: I'll go.

Riz: Why don't we see if we can find her?

Brennan: Cool. You go to look for her. You, go ahead and make an Investigate check.

Murph: Sure. Bad. Nine.

Brennan: It's okay, because it's the easiest thing in the world to find her. It was an easy five check.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: You see this Dwarven girl who is laid up in the nurses' office. She's on a bed. She's got her fists balled up and is drooling. One of her eyes is kind of like. And you see that the school nurse is tending to her and that her father, this sort of like, out of work, kind of shabby looking dwarf, kind of like, he's got like, almost a Carhartt jacket and big boots. He's sitting next to her. The nurse comes over. You recognize the school nurse. Her name is Fatima. She walks over and says,

Fatima: Hey, are you guys all sick? Anything from yesterday?

Riz: We were just checking on our friend. Is she okay? What happened to her?

Fatima: You know Ostentatia?

Riz: Yes.

Brennan: You see that, she takes you in. You see that Ostentatia, again, is covered in jewels. You see her dad is, again, this very working class looking dwarf. You see he's holding her hand. He's like,

Ostentatia’s Dad: Anything for my baby. Anything. I'll give you anything, sweetheart. Yeah. I'd get anything for you.

Brennan: You see he looks up at you guys and goes,

Ostentatia’s Dad: Riz? Riz? One of you is Riz?

Fabian: The Ball, yeah.

Riz: My name is Ball. What's up with Riz?

Brennan: He reaches into her hand, takes out a crumpled piece of paper, and first of all, it's written in Dwarven.

Murph: Okay. I do not speak Dwarven.

Siobhan: I have Comprehend Languages.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: And you can ritual cast that, so that's no sweat. In that case, I'm going to hand this to Siobhan, who is the only one who can read it.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: There you go. You see he says,

Ostentatia’s Dad: She just, she got knocked out. Last night, she -

Riz: At school or after school?

Ostentatia’s Dad: No! She came home, made a cup of tea, and then, you know, went to her room. I came in and she had fallen down. She was whispering and acting crazy. It was like she had hit her head on her desk. She had fallen, but she wrote out a note real quick and she said "Riz" a couple times.

Riz: So somebody cast a spell on her?

Ostentatia’s Dad: No.

Fatima: No. It's some form of poison, we think. Which is unusual. Very powerful poison to affect a dwarf the all.

Riz: Huh.

Adaine: This says -
 Kristen: We should go. We should go.

Adaine: Yeah, let's go. Let's go somewhere else.

Kristen: Let's get flowers for Ostentatia.

Ostentatia’s Dad: That's fine.

Adaine: That's a great idea.

Fabian: Let's go get some flowers for our friend, Ostentatia.

Gorgug: I have a flower.

Kristen: Oh, let's go get more of them, though!

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: Yeah, we don't need -

Gorgug: Can I just give her this flower right now?

Kristen: No, that's fine.

Ally: I cast glow on the flower.

Ostentatia’s Dad: Ah, she'll love that. Thanks, kid. I appreciate that. Here, here you go.

Brennan: You see he tucks the flower in the little corner of one of her necklaces and he pats her head. And she looks up at him like.

Riz: Is she gonna be okay?

Murph: I ask the nurse.

Fatima: Sweetie, you wanna ask me that right in front of her dad?

Riz: I didn't -

Fatima: Why don't you guys go get some flowers, huh?

Riz: All right.

Fatima: Take a little vacay.

Kristen: Okay.

Fatima: Yeah, I'll see you guys later.

Kristen: What does it say?

Adaine: Okay, so, I mean, I think her spelling is pretty bad, or maybe it's just my Dwarven isn't good enough, but it says, "Penny", but spelled P-E-N-Y, and then "Johnny", I think, but J-H-N-Y, and then "Crystal", but Crystal is spelled--

Fabian: Don't spell it! What does it say?

Adaine: Penny, Johnny, Crystal, Palympsis. Do you know what a Palympsis is? I know a palimpsest is a grave without a body in it.

Kristen: How is it spelled?

Adaine: But it's not spelled like this. P-A-L-Y-M-P-S-I-S.

Fig: P-A-L-M-Y. It couldn't be Penelope, could it?

Adaine: I don't think so. It says Palympsis. Crystal. Penny, Johnny, Crystal, Palympsis.

Riz: Was Crystal the name of the other? No, no, no.

Fig: I think crystals are being installed.

Kristen: Crystals are your phone.

Riz: Right.

Fabian: It might also be a name.

Adaine: It looks like a name, but all of the other spelling is so bad that I don't know.

Fig: I'm just gonna say, if you look at the first, if Penny and Johnny, the words -

Murph: Can we see if there's any crystals around us?

Fig: The words are missing are N and O.

Brennan: Yeah, you guys are being watched by crystal right now.

Riz: Cool. Let's get out of the school.

Siobhan: Can we go to the library and look up what a Palympsis is?

Fabian: Let's, I mean, let's split up.

Kristen: I'll go back to the library with you and then we'll meet you guys.

Brennan: You guys head back to the library. Go ahead and make an Arcana check for me.

Ally: Both of us or just her?

Brennan: You can make an Arcana check as well, if you would like.

Siobhan: 24.

Brennan: Ooh, hell yeah! You race through the library, Adaine. You mage hand a book off a shelf into your hand, open it up, and you find the definition of a palympsis, which has a couple of different definitions. First of all, it is spelled incorrectly. Looking at the script of the hand here in the library, like under better light and better conditions, you see that it is, not only is the spelling wrong, the letters are shoddily written, right? So, it's, everything looks bad about this, right?

Ally: Oh, okay.

Brennan: A palimpsest, in addition to being a grave without a body, is also a sheet from old books prior to printing presses. That has been scrubbed clean to re-record over. So, a palimpsest can be a thing of like, here's a thing, here's a page full of script or illumination, we sheer the page, with old sheepskin pages, for example, sheered clean when we want to rewrite a book or make changes or amendments or do other such things. So, both the definition of the grave and in this first definition of palimpsest, it is a thing that was full that has been wiped and made empty.

Siobhan: Can I cast Identify on this piece of paper to see if anything -

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Any other things pop up on it?

Brennan: You cast Identify. No reaction from the paper. It looks like just a scrawled piece of parchment.

Ally: Okay. And is crystal spelled like the phone?

Siobhan: It's spelled C-R-I-S-T-A-L.

Ally: Is that the name -

Brennan: Technically, it's not spelled C-R-I-S-T-A-L because it's written out in Dwarven Futhark, so it's misspelled in the Dwarven runes.

Siobhan: It's misspelled in Dwarven.

Kristen: Okay.

Siobhan: Cool. But I don't know whether that's just because she's an idiot.

Murph: And Crystal's not a name, is it, that we would know from the missing people?

Brennan: Not a name of a missing person.

Fabian: We also could ask Penelope.

Gorgug: Well, we know it says Johnny, so maybe we should still follow that. Just, maybe we don't know the answer right now.

Kristen: Should we meet at the, we run and meet them at the thing and talk?

Fig: I'm just gonna point out, yeah, yeah, I think we should leave school and talk about this.

Kristen: All right, let's go.

Lou: Before I leave school, can I go talk to the sorcery teacher?

Brennan: Yeah. You go. You find Jace on your way out of the school.

Lou: Great.

Fabian: Hey, Jace!

Jace: Yeah!

Fabian: Hi!

Jace: Hey, what's up?

Fabian: I'm Fabian.

Jace: Awesome!

Fabian: I'm one of the new students.

Jace: Awesome!

Fabian: Hey, can we speak candidly for a second?

Jace: Yeah.

Fabian: You know, I'm one of the students who was impacted by yesterday's events.

Jace: Yeah.

Fabian: And it was just really hard for me.

Jace: Sure. Sure.

Fabian: And you know, there's part of me that just really wants to see justice served, so I was wondering if like, I don't know, if you ever hear anything about what's going on with regard to that investigation, I just would love to kind of, I don't know. I know that you're not supposed to tell students everything, but -

Brennan: Make a Persuasion check for me.

Lou: 15.

Jace: What you're asking for is very out of order, and guess what? Out of order is what we look for at this school. Okay?
 Fabian: Jace, I just, dude -

Jace: If you were interested in the proper channels, you wouldn't be at Aguefort, man. And the fact that you get it this early is huge.

Fabian: Thank you. And I really appreciate it. I mean, truly, just from the bottom, like from a very real place, it just means a lot to me. I don't know. It was just very hard. Yesterday was very hard.

Jace: Yeah.

Fabian: And today, you're making it much easier.

Jace: I bet. Hey, I bet. And you know what? You know? This world is magic. Life is magic -

Fabian: Uh-huh.

Jace: And I'll be real.
 Fabian: Great.

Jace: I see magic potential in you.

Fabian: Hey, Jace? Jace, dog -

Jace: Are we done?

Fabian: Yeah, I just -

Jace: Okay, we're done here. Cool, man.

Fabian: Later, dude.

Jace: Take it easy.

Brennan: You head out of there. You guys -

Emily: I'm gonna pop my head in and wave goodbye to Porter, the barbarian that I just audited the class in.

Brennan: Cool. He grabs you as your leaving and says,

Porter: Fig, I just want to say, you know, I know you've got the guitar.

Fig: Yeah.

Porter: Come by class anytime, you know?

Fig: Thanks.

Porter: 'Cause obviously, I'm sure you, you know, check out the bard classes, of course.

Fig: I know. I really should get to that.

Porter: Have you not done it yet?

Fig: No.

Porter: You might not be a bard! Maybe you're a barbarian. I definitely, you know, everything you were saying I was really relating to, and so I definitely think I will be stopping in again.

Porter: You have a lot of potential, and I don't say that lightly.

Fig: Thank you.

Gorgug: I'm sorry I sang earlier. It just, it came out of me.

Ally: You were there too?

Zac: I've been quietly standing here for a minute.

Fig: Gorgug also has total potential.

Porter: Is this a friend of yours from bard -

Gorgug: I was in your, do you, I was -

Fig: He was in the class.

Porter: You sang, that's right, yeah.

Gorgug: I'm actually in your class.

Porter: Actually in the class, right. Well, keep at it! You know. You got -

Gorgug: Potential? Were you gonna say I have potential?Was the rest of the sentence -

Porter: Come by sometime. Gorgug, hey, keep at it, and, I'll see you. I'll see you next time.

Brennan: And you see that he walks away.

Siobhan: That's so heartbreaking.

Fig: I think he just is, I think he just is like -

Gorgug: He was trying to think of the word potential.

Fig: The word. He forgot the word potential, I think. Yeah.

Murph: I wanna write a little note to these guys or find a corner that, is it pretty safe to assume that there's kind of crystals everywhere-

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Murph: I'd like to write these guys a little note. I write five full notes. Very verbose. Basically just asking, should we consider going into the A.V. Club and trying to erase the footage of us talking about this stuff?

Zac: Do we have a sense of if it's like, it's like CCTV? Like, it's not recording every conversation people have, it's just people just -

Murph: Did I get any sense of that while I was in there?

Brennan: You did not. You don't know how it works. And not only do you not know how it works, you don't know if you would know how to even erase it. You could, like, smash the machines around.

Fabian: I mean, worst case scenario, we pay all of them, but, I mean I don't think there's any point.

Fig: I think paying them would be admitting fault.

Brennan: You guys head off to the diner.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Fabian, you order a car for the gang. You guys pile in, travel down past the highway to Krom's Diner, a glowing neon form, like a temple to comfort food, 24 hour a day service. You guys walk into the front door past the little gumball machine with those little sweet candies all throughout, with taking, you know, copper pieces instead of quarters, and you guys walk up to a booth. Red lined. You guys gather all around. You look out the window to see the Tieflings gather around their motorcycles in front of the garage. Yandi, the Halfling waitress, a little bit older in years, moves from table to table, offering krullers and caniches and Dwarven stew of some variety. You guys take a seat and order a bunch of milkshakes, which you are all happily enjoying as you survey Johnny Spells and his gang.

Fig: Okay.

Siobhan: I've likely never had a milkshake before and I'm not telling any of them that this is a major thing for me. We don't have sugar in my house.

Fabian: Okay, so, the Ball, any thoughts?

Riz: I mean, should we check out the garage?

Fig: I'm saying, I feel like I'm a Tiefling. They're Tieflings.

Fabian: Agreed.

Fig: I can kind of casually, I can distract them and you could go sneak in.

Brennan: You guys hear from out there, you hear a guy say, "Hey, that's enough, Tony. "Come on! "Lay off of him." And you see Johnny goes,

Johnny: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, knuckleheads. Break is over. Let's get back to work.

Brennan: They walk into the garage, open a door, and you guys see that deeper in the garage, you see that there is a full dance studio with a mirrored wall and like a bar up against it, and you see the Tieflings start taking their jackets off and stretching, and then one of them closes the door behind them.

Fabian: Okay, so -

Kristen: What?

Fig: I need to know more now!

Riz: I am fascinated.

Fabian: I mean, yes. There's reasons outside of -

Riz: I thought it was a chop shop.
 Fabian: Yeah.

Riz: But.

Fabian: I don't know. I do agree, Fig, that you will blend in with these people better than any of the rest of us.

Fig: Okay, okay. Choose your words carefully.

Fabian: There's nothing overt.

Kristen: I actually see, I find that I can fit in with anyone.

Gorgug: Who's a good dancer?

Fig: I mean, I play music.

Fabian: I'm an acrobat. I mean, I'm very flexible.

Kristen: I do a dance with a scarf that represents how the world can taint you.

Fig: I'm speechless after what you just said.

Fabian: As am I, yeah.

Kristen: You haven't even seen it yet! Let me just -

Fig: Well, here's the thing.

Fabian: Kristen, Kristen, Kristen!

Fig: Actually, you know what? I wanna use Thaumaturgy.

Emily: Is the door locked or unlocked?

Brennan: It's too far. This is all the way across the street.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: So, they're now inside. You can't see them anymore. They're inside.

Fig: I think we should just go spy.

Siobhan: Can we talk to the people that work here?

Brennan: Sure, you can talk to Yandi, yeah.

Fig: Yeah, that's a good idea.

Gorgug: You can stop dancing.

Fabian: Please stop dancing.

Kristen: What? Wait, it only has two color splotches on it from greed and sloth.

Adaine: Excuse me.

Yandi: Yep?

Adaine: Can you tell us, please, about the garage that's across the way?

Yandi: Oh, the garage! Yeah! Well, those boys hang out over there.

Adaine: Those boys?

Fig: What do they do there?

Yandi: They're, they're a little rough and tumble, you know?

Adaine: You see, maybe we were mistaken, but we thought that perhaps we saw them dancing in there.

Yandi: That's right! You know, when they rumble, they do a whole dance before.

Kristen, Fig and Adaine: When they rumble?

Fig: When they fight?

Yandi: Yeah, they do it to fight. They come out. I seen them, a bunch of sort of half-orc bruisers came by one time and they said, "Hey! "You know, this is our turf!" And they just started going - And they started doing this incredible dance!

Riz: They are the Jets.

Yandi: What?

Riz: They are the Jets.

Yandi: What are you talking about? I don't catch that reference.

Adaine: So, they danced and then they beat them up?

Yandi: They're a dangerous gang! They do a dance!

Fabian: I heard that, and that was the fighting? There was no fighting after that?

Kristen: Was there any -
 Riz: They're bards. They're -

Yandi: What's that? No, they do a dangerous dance. It's scary!

Riz: Is it magic? Is the dance magic?

Yandi: What's that?

Riz: Do they kick -

Yandi: It is magic! I was transported!

Riz: Was it actual magic? Because surely, Fig, demonstrate a magic musical -

Emily: Okay, I use Thaumaturgy and I play my guitar, and I make a tremor happen in the diner.

Ally: And I instantly pull out my scarf.

Fabian: Stop!

Riz: Okay, so was it like this or like this?

Brennan: You see that, Adaine, the milkshake you're drinking from, pow! Gets hit by that tasty chord. There's a little thing of liquor, a little airplane liquor bottle in the top of it now. You see she goes,

Yandi: Wow! That's pure rock and roll!

Fig: Thank you.

Yandi: Yeah! It's like that!

Riz: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.

Fig: Okay. So, they have some kind of thing tonight. They have a fight tonight. That's what this means.

Kristen: Oh, good call.

Riz: I wanna see this so bad.

Fig: So, if we stay, if we stay, first off, we should try and spy on them.

Yandi: What do you mean, they have a fight tonight?

Fig: Oh -

Yandi: No, they rehearse all the time.

Fig: Can I get another cruller?

Yandi: You think you can just, you think, you want another cruller?

Riz: Could we just get a round of crullers?

Gorgug: Yeah, can I get three crullers?

Riz: A round of crullers for the whole gang!

Gorgug: I want just three crullers.

Yandi: But yeah, I was gonna say, you think you can just jump into a dance extemporaneously? No! You have to rehearse a lot!

Riz: Okay, yeah!

Fig: Sorry.

Yandi: If you're going to do a threatening gang dance, you gotta put the work in!

Fig: Yeah, sorry. That cruller?

Fabian: There's no need to be rude, but please, go get our crullers.

Yandi: All right, six more crullers.

Brennan: She walks away.

Riz: And fresh ones! Please don't come back.

Adaine: I don't think it's actually rock and roll to be rude to wait staff.

Fig: I'm not being rude! And I wasn't trying to be rock and roll. I was trying to, she was eavesdropping!

Fabian: Also, let's be honest. They're wait staff.

Riz: Well, come on, now.

Fig: Okay, well, no.

Fabian: I don't know. I mean, they're wait staff.

Brennan: Everyone make a Perception check.

Fig: We're not on the same page here.

Murph: Okay. I feel like we're being watched.

Zac: I got a 21.

Emily: I got a nat 20, baby!

Ally: 20.

Lou: Three.

Emily: Which turns into a 22.

Brennan: You hear a voice coming from the garage that whispers to you through your vibrating guitar that you just played, and the strings whisper to you,

Voice: Save me.

Fig: Guys, we gotta go.

Fabian: Go where?

Kristen: What?

Fig: We gotta go to the garage.

Fabian: Why?

Fig: Someone needs to be saved.

Kristen: What?

Riz: Yes! We need to go to the garage.

Fig: A whisper just came through my guitar. I don't know if you guys heard, but it said save me.

Riz: Was it like a Halfling voice in the guitar whisper?

Emily: Do I know? Do I have any kind of idea? No idea.

Brennan: A voice said ‘save me’.

Fig: I'm not sure.

Riz: It was just a general guitar whisper?

Fabian: Okay, fine. Then, how are we going to go about this? Alright? That's the real question, right? 'Cause all six of us running up on this garage. I mean, these boys look scary.

Kristen: Wait, you guys! Listen to me!

Ally: Can I do Inspiring Speech?

Brennan: Absolutely. Go ahead and take it away.

Kristen: All right. We're probably gonna have to go in there and encounter what we already did, which is -

Gorgug: Corn cuties?

Kristen: Corn cuties. I worship the corn, and yesterday, I had to see it's perverted, upside down -

Gorgug: It's gonna get inspiring.

Fig: Yeah, I know. And she's standing on the table, so -

Kristen: It's really hard and it was very confronting. Yeah, sure, my whole thing is praising Helio, who is a corn. Yeah, sure, yesterday, maybe because my bible went into the corn, the corn went evil and at us, okay? I have a lot of questions, not a lot of answers, but I think that if we go in there, we can save that person, maybe not through Helio, but through some sort of good in this world that I worship. I'm getting more into a like, one love place in my life. Like, maybe it's not just Helio. Maybe there's like a lot of gods, or maybe there's just like the glint of good in everyone's eye, and we all can decide to follow that or not. I have a lot of reading to do, but anyway, something has -

Gorgug: This has been a good, inspiring -

Kristen: Yeah, something -

Fabian: Hey, don't worry. I'm ready to clap at any moment.

Kristen: Something has been giving me a lot of power. You guys all witnessed it, right? You made jokes that you were gonna be religious soon.

Fabian: Yeah, we did.

Fig: I witnessed it.

Kristen: Just know that I have been praying for you each night, each of you individually.

Fig: So, one night. One night. It's been one night since you've met us.

Kristen: I, yeah. Well, honestly, before I even met you, I prayed for the friends and the company that I would keep when I entered this school.

Fig: That's actually really nice.

Kristen: I want the best for you, and I'll always heal you.

Fabian: You will.

Kristen: I will. And yeah, so, if you would just take my hand and let's close this out. Let's pray. Dear really big god, maybe not Helio anymore, 'cause you were kind of, you kind of looked like you've date raped. Anyway, something better than who I met as a god, please be with us as we go in there, and thank you for, this day, and thank you for this food. Thank you for -

Adaine: Amen!

Kristen: Oh, okay.

Brennan: You all gain five temporary hit points!

All: Yay!

Fabian: Now, was it the prayer or was it the crullers?

Brennan: Ow! What do you guys do?

Murph: Can I, can I recover any of the hit points from -

Brennan: Yes, you can. That's a short rest.

Emily: If he does that, I might do, how much do you need?

Brennan: Song of rest, that's plus one D6, and you can use that as many times as you want.

Emily: I can?

Brennan: I think so, right? Maybe I'm wrong.

Emily: Woo!

Murph: I get a D8 hit dice back and I'm, I've lost six hit points. I don't know if it's worth it.

Emily: I don't think we're gonna take another short rest.

Murph: Yeah, yeah, that's true.

Brennan: Go for it, yeah.

Emily: Yeah, do it.

Murph: Okay. Okay, so we have five and then what did you give me?

Emily: You get a D6. Roll another D6.

Murph: Sweet, so I'm at full and then, great.

Emily: All right, everyone full?

Ally: Full plus five.

Murph: And then the plus five? Great.

Kristen: We have a plus five temporary.

Emily: Dang, bitch! I'm a healthy Tiefling!

Brennan: So, you guys exit the diner. You head over. Is any particular person in the lead? 'Cause you still have your detect magic, so you can see -

Emily: I think I'm gonna be in the lead, just because I'm a Tiefling and I can always play dumb and just pretend like I want in if we get caught.

Riz: Do we want to maybe have you, try to talk to them. While they're distracted, I'll try to sneak in.

Adaine: Maybe Fabian, me, and Riz can sneak in the back.

Fig: I think we should maybe try to spy first.

Riz: I don't want to split up that much.

Fig: Yeah, I don't think we should split up entirely, but I think we should see if there's any windows, try and spy in. If that goes bad, I'll go in myself, and then if there aren't any windows, then I can knock on the door and be like, I'm a tiefling and I just wanna get to know other tieflings!

Riz: Okay, want me to, maybe I'll do a quick round around the back of the garage and come back to these guys.

Brennan: Cool. Make a Stealth and an Investigation.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: And I will go with him. I think that makes sense.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Stealth is 24.

Siobhan: Ooh, my Stealth was seven.

Brennan: Okay, no worries.

Murph: My Investigation is 12.

Siobhan: My Investigation was nine.

Brennan: You stumble and fall out on your way, but these guys are dancing up a storm in the other room. They do not notice. You can hear them being like,

Gangster: Bruno, Bruno! When I'm here, you gotta be here! You understand me? I'm at this. All right. Kick and flip and turn. You understand me?

Bruno: Hey, don't fucking talk to me that way! I'm trying, all right? You're more limber than I am.

Brennan: You see that, peek through a window. You see something that you wouldn't have noticed, but it is glowing with arcane power as you gaze at it. There is a crystal that looks like it has been scarred up or scraped somehow, some way, as if by magic. There's like little fractures all throughout it. You cannot see this. You see a figure of a young girl made of arcane energy putting her hands up against the outside of the crystal from the inside of it. Next, Adaine, with your Investigation check, you notice a small crate that is open with some tea leaves in it. You also see a set of keys on the dash of that little workbench.

Murph: Tea leaves and keys. Okay. We will go. Let's go back and talk to these guys. So, we go back to them.

Riz: So, we saw what we saw.

Fig: Okay.

Kristen: That girl was sick. That girl was poisoned.

Riz: Right.

Fig: With tea leaves.

Kristen: But stole a tea from the vice president -

Fig: From Aguefort!

Kristen: And, or, the vice president!

Adaine: From the principal!

Fig: And he said it that it tasted terrible!

Kristen: The principal was saying this tasted terrible! They're trying to - They were trying to - So he is good!

Fig: If they were trying to -

Kristen: If someone's against him, he is good.

Fig: Yeah, they were trying to poison Aguefort.

Riz: Or is Aguefort bad?

Fig: No!

Riz: And these guys are good.

Adaine: These guys have a girl trapped in a crystal. I don't think that they're good.

Kristen: That's scary.

Adaine: Maybe that's the crystal that she was talking about.

Kristen: Oh yeah, yeah!

Gorgug: Yeah, it was scraped like it was -

Fig: Right. But they must have also been responsible, because the other word, palimpsest -

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: Is a -

Adaine: Scraping clean. But how do those girls know about -

Fig: No, no!

Kristen: I know what you're saying. Was it that piece of paper that was in the corn? It could have been, or it could just mean she's in this crystal.

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys are right near the front of the open garage. There is the workbench with the crystal on it, a set of keys, a little skull dangling off of them, and then that thing of tea. You hear the noise of the dance rehearsal in the other room starting to wrap up.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna -

Riz: Should we steal those keys and that crystal?

Adaine: Yes!

Fig: You guys go steal it. I'm gonna go knock on the door and just try to distract them.

Fabian: Great.

Siobhan: Can I use Mage Hand to grab a -

Riz: I think it's gonna be -

Brennan: You can use Mage Hand to grab that crystal and those keys right now.

Siobhan: Great, I do that.

Brennan: You get the crystal in your hand. You grab the keys. You see that there is a sick hot rod right there.

Riz: Well, you guys wanna go for a ride?

Fig: Yeah, absolutely.

Murph: Is there anything else? Can I look around -

Kristen: Maybe, let's get the tea -

Fig: Yeah, I know how to drive.

Kristen: So that we can get an antidote.

Murph: 27. 25.

Brennan: You see there's a little tea bag right next to it, but it has a little letter drawn in a script you don't recognize, “to Johnny Spells.

Murph: I grab it.

Fabian: Grab that for the police.

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. You grab it, you guys hop in that car. As you hop out, the door opens behind you. You see Johnny at the front look out, and one of the smaller tieflings says,

Gangster: Johnny, they're getting in your car!

Adaine: Does anybody know how to drive?

Murph: I'm trying to cover my face.

Johnny Spells: All right, gang. Let's rumble!

Brennan: Everybody roll initiative!

Lou: Great.

Emily: Woo! Oh. Oh, it does that.

Brennan: Yeah, roll it up there.

Emily: It’s gonna be a 4 for me.

Siobhan: Me too.

Murph: Oh, a natural 1. 

Zac: 11.

Ally: Mine's a 2.

Lou: 13.

Brennan: Hold on to your rolls, gang. That's it for this episode of Fantasy High. Tune in next week and we'll get started with a little rumble, courtesy of our old pal Johnny Spells! Thanks, guys!

[EPISODE4]

Brennan: Hello, and welcome back to another episode of Fantasy High. Last we left our heroes, they were speeding down the highway in a stolen hot rod.

Murph: So rad.

Brennan: So fuckin' rad. As you guys leap into the car and peel off, you guys see that the tiefling greasers rushed to their motorcycles. You have a few seconds as Fig peels out of the garage parking lot to talk about what you're gonna do.

Adaine: Oh my god, we stole a car, we stole a car, we stole a car.

Fabian: Yes, we did, we stole a car. But, okay, they're after us.

Emily: I turn the -

Greasers: Let's rumble!

Emily: I turn the radio on.

Fabian: Okay, that's not helpful, Fig.

Adaine: Just drive fast!

         Riz: What's with the crystal?

Kristen: Who has the crystal? Who has the crystal?

Adaine: I have the crystal!

Brennan: And we are in combat.

Lou: Great.

Emily: I'm just looking for the right song.

Ally: Looking for the heavy metal station.

Fabian: Focus on the road please, Fig.

Fig: Ugh, NPR, no.

Brennan: I'm going to need Riz to kindly make a Wisdom saving throw.

Murph: Okay. 9.

Brennan: Johnny speaks to you as, motorcycle speeds up. He goes,

Johnny: Hey, kid, don't you wanna be cool? Why don't you pull that car over to the side of the road?

Riz: Great idea, Johnny!

Brennan: And that's going to be Fabian's turn.

Lou: Riz still appears to be reacting normal?

Brennan: Yeah, he appears normal.

Lou: Okay, great. I turn, it's a convertible, right?

Brennan: You guys are in the sickest, dopest hot rod. Skulls everywhere, smells like leather and a little bit of brimstone. You are peeling through this neighborhood, over across from Elema Valley, this is where the Faeth home is, Krom's Diner, the gas station. There's like some scenery, like garbage and stuff around here.

Lou: I'm gonna use my hand crossbow to try and strike the second, the one just behind Johnny.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an attack roll, man.

Lou: 20, not nat.

Brennan: 20 is going to hit. Go ahead and give me your damage there.

Brennan: 10.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Jesus Christ! This is Mr. Spike Chain, right here?

Lou: Yeah. I don't like that spike chain.

Zac: The second guy, this guy?

Lou: Yeah, the second guy.

Brennan: You see he's going,

Greaser: Yeah, let's get it, boys!

Brennan: Right into his throat. Hot, fiery blood comes
oozing out of his mouth. He looks fucked up.

Fig: Whoo!

Lou: That amps me up and I rev it!

Fabian: Huzzah! I think.

Ally: Shit.

Brennan: Gorgug, it's gonna be you.

Zac: Okay, can I make an Insight check on top of, or is that my turn?

Brennan: Go, no, you can make a free Insight check.

Zac: I'm gonna take a, 'cause I want to look at that motorcycle and see if I can understand it more. That's alive.

Brennan: Go ahead.

Zac: Yeah, is that Insight?

Brennan: That is Insight, yeah.

Zac: Okay. Oh shit.

Emily: Ooh!

Zac: 18.

Brennan: It is a pure hell beast. You have a feeling that some kind of creature of the lower plains has been bound into this motorcycle so that Johnny can ride it without having to steer it so that he can cast his spells.

Emily: But you are familiar with hell.

Ally: Did hell leave anything on him?

Zac: I start thinking about that, and it freaks me out so much that I go into a rage. And I throw a hand ax at the skull of that motorcycle.

Brennan: At the skull of the motorcycle? Go ahead and throw.

Zac: All right, so that would just be, advance, okay. So one, okay. I got 18.

Brennan: 18. It's a dead-on hit, but there's some, it's very very hard, so the skull surface, you go whoomp, clang! And you see a tiny crack appears, but it doesn't deal full damage. You get the sensation that this thing can be hit, but it'll be very hard to deal damage to this.

Zac: Gotcha.

Brennan: That's going to be Riz.

Murph: Am I under Johnny's control?

Brennan: You think that the smartest possible thing to do would be to pull this car over:

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: And hash this out.

Ally: Fuck!

Murph: Can I fight against this at all, or is this just-

Brennan: You are allowed to interpret that whatever way you want. You don't have to enact violence on your friends, but you gotta get this car over to the side of the road.

Murph: Cool.

Ally: Fuck.

Murph: I hop up to the front, I guess, with those guys.

Brennan: Mhmm.

Fig: What the fuck are you doing?

Riz: I think we should pull over.

Fabian: Riz, no, let's not.

Kristen: What? Fuck, Riz! Can someone stuff Riz in a bag?

Riz: I'm not gonna physically make you stop, but I think that you should pull over.

Emily: Okay, yeah, yeah, I'll give it some thought.

Riz: Yeah.

Kristen: Great.

Emily: I turn the radio up.

Brennan: Yeah, Riz, you feel like your friends are not listening to you. That's your action for that round, but these guys need to, you gotta get that car over to the side of the road. That's going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: I would like to cast, as a non-ritual Identify on this crystal that I'm holding.

Brennan: Rad. You cast Identify. Immediately you, the crystal swirls around. You hear a voice saying,

Identify Spell: Hello, Adaine, it is I, the raw force of your arcane intellect, here to talk to you about the exciting things to discover about the nature of this crystal palimpsest.

Adaine: Oh god, I'm such a nerd.

Identify Spell: The palimpsest is a form of dream crystal. An arcano-technology used in acquisition-

Adaine: Speed it up!

Identify Spell: You will find, basically, the crystal palimpsest is used for storing information. Now, most crystals, dream crystals, are monitored by the council of chosen. However, it is possible to remove the enchantments by using arcane techniques to scrape away those divinatory elements so that a dream crystal may be removed from oversight of the council. This process is involved in the creation of the palimpsest.

Adaine: Is that bad?

Identify Spell: I am raw intellect. Your moral weight has no effect on me. Pure data!

Adaine: That school I was sent to was bad!

Identify Spell: I don't know what that means either.

Adaine: Oh god.

Brennan: That’s going to be -

Siobhan: Is there something trapped inside it? Sorry.

Brennan: Yes, you sense that there is a person trapped inside this, basically.

Siobhan: One person?

Brennan: One person trapped inside this. That's now going to be Fig. So Fig, you can take your turn, you're also driving. Driving is going to take your movement for the turn.

Emily: My movement, okay.

Brennan: You have an action and a bonus action. The main thing for you to watch right now is I need you to make a Perception check, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: Okay. 16.

Brennan: So you are approaching an intersection. So there's a stop sign coming up ahead of you on the road past here. The speed of this combat is occurring so fast that tactical movement on the board would be impossible. So you guys are just flying from road to road, basically. Now, what I need you to do, knowing there's an intersection coming up, is I need you to decide if you want, you have a couple actions you can take. I'm gonna tell you different actions you can take with your movement. You can floor it, which is just accelerating, which is gonna mean that they're gonna have a harder time catching up with you unless they also floor it. You will have disadvantage on steering if you do this.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: You can cruise, which is going the same speed you're going right now. You can hit the brakes, which is gonna give you an advantage on steering, but it's gonna slow you down, letting them catch up, or you can move evasive, which slows you down but gives the car a plus five to its AC.

Emily: Can I cruise, but lay on the horn?

Brennan: You may absolutely cruise but lay on the horn. That is totally fine.

Emily: I'm gonna cruise but lay on the horn. But I still have an action and a bonus action, right?

Brennan: That's correct.

Emily: Okay, so I turn the radio up, it's Rainbow in the Dark, it's blaring, I look in the rearview mirror and I cast Sleep on-

Murph:  Oh my god!

Emily: All of this.

Brennan: This is a 20 foot radius, yes?

Emily: Yeah, 20 foot radius.

Brennan: Hold on a second. Okay, tell me where you want this, Jesus Christ!

Emily: I'm gonna do it on, let's do it on all the lackeys.

Brennan: Jesus Christ. Okay.

Emily: So I get to roll my d8 five times, and that's how many people it puts to sleep.

Brennan: You get to roll your d8, yes, five times, that's how many hit points of people it puts to sleep.

Emily: Oh, I see, okay. Two, eight, 22 hit points worth of people.

Brennan: You see that this guy with the arrow in his neck and the guy with the crowbar right next to him each fuckin' dip.

Lackeys: Nighty night.

Brennan: Bam, whack! This guy fucking takes -

Emily: Does it hurt them? ‘Cause they fall on the side?

Brennan: This guy takes all the way off into this bench and crashes into it. This guy is going to fly off the side of the road this way. Johnny's gonna have to make a dodge attempt to not get hit by the motorcycles going off the road. He swerves out of the way as the guy with the spike chain flies off the side of the highway, and we're gonna go ahead and do 3d6 points of damage for each of them. This chain guy is straight-up fuckin' dead. You watch him dip into a ditch off the side of the road, his whole spine snaps, you can all hear it.

Players: Whoa!

Brennan: Bam, gone.

Emily: Eat it, bitch!

Brennan: And the other dude who goes into the bench is extremely fucked up as well.

Greaser: Oh, Johnny!

Brennan: You see -

Siobhan: What a pussy.

Murph: He'll never dance again.

Emily: Oh yeah, I hope you break your legs, bitches! And then for my bonus action, is there anything else, any other business there?

Brennan: No, that's your Sleep spell.

Emily: Okay, bonus action I'm gonna give Bardic Inspiration to not you. I’m gonna give Fabian some Bardic Inspiration.

Lou: Let's get it.

Ally: What does that mean again?

Emily: He can choose to add a d6, in the next 10 minutes he can add a d6 to a roll.

Ally: Oh, cool, cool. Hell yeah.

Zac: Just once though.

Emily: To an attack or ability, not a damage, though.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Emily: So I look in the rearview mirror, make eye contact with Fabian, I give him a wink.

Lou: Oh, I feel feelings I've never felt before. And try and get back to the matter at hand, and very much, what was that? What was that? What does that mean? Is it like a thing? I don't know.

Brennan: You see that the greasers behind you draw a bunch of weapons, three of them draw arcubi, different pistols and stuff like that, they take some shots. What is your armor class?

Lou: 18.

Brennan: And what is your armor class?

Zac: 13, but I'm raging?

Emily: What does that mean?

Brennan: Okay. Let's see here.

Zac: I take half damage to certain types of attacks.

Brennan: Ooh.

Zac: Does it qualify as one of the types of attacks that is halved, or?

Brennan: He misses you anyway. You guys actually, your armor class is a little bit improved as well, because you're ducking in a car, you're like looking out the back of a car.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: One of them however does, so one of them hits you, Lou, and deals you -

Lou: Who is Lou?

Emily: Who is Lou?

Lou: I'm Fabian!

Brennan: You see that this dude with the flaming sort of orangy hair in the back pulls out an arcubus, pops you for seven points of damage. And I'm gonna need you to make a Constitution saving throw.

Lou: Okay. 7.

Emily: But you could a d6.

Lou: I could add -

Emily: If you wanted.

Lou: I don't actually, I'm not sure what's happening.

Emily: Oh, it's a 7?

Lou: I'll take the 7.

Brennan: You take the 7?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Brennan: You see that the bullet enters your body and you immediately feel a rush of fire inside of you.

Ally: Shit.

Lou: Oh god. Maybe I should’ve taken the Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: You feel a sickening infernal thing as the bullet, you see the guy behind you goes,

Greaser: Ooh, bullet burn!

Emily: Wow, you're gonna let him get away with that?

Lou: Absolutely not.

Emily: That was so, wow.

Brennan: Some kind of weird infernal fiery dance magic is happening in your body. You have disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks.

Lou: Got it.

Emily: For how long?

Brennan: You are under the effect of the poisoned condition.

Lou: Got it.

Brennan: Then another one of them hurls something at the car.  I'm gonna need everybody to make a Dexterity saving throw.

Zac: Oh, cool, I have an advantage in Dexterity.

Siobhan: Shit.

Emily: Oh, fuck.

Ally: 15.

Lou: 18.

Emily: 6.

Zac: I got an 8.

Murph: 9.

Brennan: Who here got a 12 or above?

Zac: I did.

Brennan: You guys each take 1 point of fire damage. The three of you each take 3 points of fire damage.

Emily: What if I'm resistant to fire damage?

Brennan: Then you take 1 point of damage. See, one of them goes, And a molotov cocktail in a little liquor bottle, smashes, you see that Johnny turns around on his motorcycle and goes,

Johnny: Hey man, that's my car!

Brennan: Tiefling goes,

Greaser: Sorry Johnny, I'm just trying to stop 'em!

Brennan: That's now going to be Kristen.

Ally: Heck yeah. All right. I'm going to cast Bane on Johnny and the next two tieflings.

Brennan: Ooh.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: Rad, they are going to roll some saving throws, I believe.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Charisma saving throws. What is your spell save DC?

Ally: Spell save.

Siobhan: I would like to give Johnny the, my 3 divination.

Brennan: Oh!

Emily: Oh!

Siobhan: On that saving throw, please.

Ally: 14 is my spell saving.

Emily: Dude, that's awesome.

Brennan: That is so fuckin' rad. So 14 is your saving throw for them? And it's him and these two guys?

Ally: Mhmm.

Brennan: Rad. You see, and it's a Charisma saving throw. It's 14. Kristen leans out of the side of the thing. You're casting Bane, so you're like calling down the anger of the gods. What do you say?

Kristen: Hey! By Helio, maybe? I cast you Bane!

Emily: I cast you?

Brennan: And you see that, so you're like leaning, in this fuckin' wild curve, you lean and like hang out the fuckin' side of the car, and you see that as it's happening, Johnny raises a hand up to prevent the magic from happening, and Adaine leans out the side of the car too and eyes go blue. You see Johnny goes as fate and destiny twist around him, bam! Affected by the Bane spell. You feel its effects also occur on this fellow with the ax right here are both under Bane. Awesome, so that's -

Ally: So that means every time they roll, what happens?

Emily: They roll a d4 and it subtracts from it.

Brennan: The beginning of the next round. You guys are speeding through the intersection here. Johnny Spells pulls up alongside you. Make a Dexterity saving
throw, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: Dexterity saving throw. That's gonna be 16.

Brennan: You make your saving throw as you see a car coming through the other way pulling out of a stoplight, full of a whole happy little halfling family.

Lou: Oh my god.

Cast: Oh!

Emily: But the horn.

Brennan: You're laying on the horn! You see that you approach the intersection, lay on the horn, fuckin' music blaring on the radio, you're slinging spells and axes and bolts out of the car as these tieflings come up alongside you. You see up ahead this little halfling, he's got like a little thing on his foot to reach the pedal, and he's got a thing to help him see over the back, and he goes, all right kids, we'll be at ice cream soon enough, diner's just down the - And you slide and fucking fishtail Toyko Drift, bam, hit the hydrant.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Whoosh, on the other side. Now we're gonna make some saving throws for the tieflings to see -

Emily: Yeah!

Lou: If they kill all these halflings?

Cast: Oh my god!

Brennan:  They're gonna make some checks here.

Lou: I love that, bang off the hydrant, great move, great move. Great maneuver.

Siobhan: Can I, are the halflings rolling?

Brennan:  The halflings aren't rolling anything. They're in a terrible situation.

Ally: You were gonna give them your high throw? How dare you. 

Lou: They'll be fine!

Lou: That's made out of steel, you know, that's like, that's one of those classics.

Brennan:  You see this car sort of spins around this way, rush past and the tieflings all dodge and avoid the vehicle, one by one, Johnny comes right up alongside you guys, right about the driver side window, up on the sidewalk, over here, this guy, I'm gonna have to make his thing for him. Hold on.

Lou: Is that the -

Brennan: That's the guy who hit the bench.

Emily: I mean, he'll get fucked, right? Not the halflings.

Brennan:  You see the tiefling right here in the middle of the street makes a full:on collision with the vehicle, he's now going to make a Dexterity saving throw. Holy shit. You guys see this event unfold behind you. The injured tiefling who's going, hey guys, wait up for me! As this halfling family goes,

The Cubbys: Oh my lord! Ever heard of a stop sign?!

Brennan: The last motorcycle, bam! Hits the collision, dealing not enough damage to hurt any of the halflings inside that sweet little car.

Cast: Woo!

Siobhan: Praise Helio.

Emily: Are they still gonna get ice cream?

Ally: Hey, nice.

Brennan: That is for a different campaign. However, that tiefling on the motorcycle makes his Dexterity saving throw, I'm gonna make an Acrobatics check for him. And he lands on the back of the car. He vaults over the halfling vehicle.

Lou: What the fuck?

Emily: He must've rolled a friggin' nat 20.

Brennan:  He rolled a nat 20. He smashes into the side of the car, motorcycle up, he goes over the hoods and goes,

Greaser: Ooh, daddy, play it cool!

Brennan: Bam! Lands on the back -

Ally: Everyone has a daddy thing in this game!

Lou: Everyone has a daddy thing.

Brennan:  You guys see, so that's just the beginning of the round in this next area. Johnny Spells is going to need you to make a Wisdom saving throw. Your condition is broken 'cause it's concentration for him.

Emily: Okay. Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: A Wisdom saving throw.

Emily: Ooh, 21!

Brennan: 21!

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan:  You see he pulls up alongside, his eyes glow bright green, he goes,

Johnny: Hey sweet thing, I'm unattached at the moment, what are you doing later?

Fig: I'm not sweet, I'm sour.

Johnny: Angry little mama.

Brennan: His Suggestion spell fades. That's Johnny Spell's turn, that's Fabian.

Lou:  I'm taking this man on the back of our trail.

Ally: Yeah, he's already injured.

Lou: Yeah!

Emily: All the way down.

Murph: That dude is going to hell, right now.

Lou: Yeah, let's fuck with that guy. But I guess I'm rolling at disadvantage?

Brennan:  Yes, rolling at disadvantage, you are poisoned.

Lou: So nine. And six. Six, 12.

Brennan: Yes. You leap up with your sword and the fire spreads through your body, preventing you from fully, and he clang, takes with his crowbar,

Greaser: Ooh, little man wants to rumble!

Fabian: Shut the fuck up!

Greaser: Ooh, I'm all loose and limber from dance practice.

Lou: Oh my god!

Kristen: Honestly though, man? This is kinda what you sound like.

Fabian: No, this is not!

Kristen: I'm sorry.

Fabian: I don't sound like this!

Kristen: Yeah you do, it's all flowery and presentational.

Fabian: I say “papa”, I love my father.

Brennan: Oh, Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Zac: I see this guy who's jumped on there and I’m so mad,

Gorgug: I hate you!

Zac: And I roll, ooh, I only get a 12.

Brennan: Only get a 12? I 12 is not going to do it so, you, he leaps over the ax and he goes,

Greaser: Ooh, play it cool, daddio.

Kristen: God damn, honestly though, I could hear you saying all of this.

Greaser: This is what I'm like all the time!

Kristen: I can hear you saying every word.

Fabian: Not how I talk!

Brennan: You guys now see, so, that's Gorgug, next action is going to be Riz.

Murph: I turn to Fig and say,

Riz: Sorry, that wasn't me, I'm gonna shoot this guy in the dick.

Murph: And I pull out my gun and I try to shoot that guy in the dick.

Brennan:  The one standing on your car?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely, go for it.

Emily: Yeah, shoot him!

Murph: 13?

Brennan: 13's gonna miss, sadly.

Emily: Oh, motherfucker! Dammit!

Brennan: So he does a full like arched back, you can see his abs like pressing up against the white undershirt. These guys have -

Zac: You can see his abs? We're all like, whoa.

Brennan: You can see his abs through his jacket.

Emily: I look in the rearview mirror and I'm like, whoa, oh, shit.

Brennan: That's gonna be Adaine.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Ray of Sickness on Johnny, and I would like to use my high roll, please.

Brennan: That's to hit, right?

Siobhan: Yes, so that will be 14 plus six.

Brennan: Oh, to hit him.

Siobhan: So 20.

Brennan: As your attack roll.
 SIobhan: Yes.

Brennan: You hit, that is a hit.

SIobhan: Great, so it's 2d8. So eight. And seven, so 15 sickness damage. And then he has to make a Constitution saving throw, and a failed save he's also poisoned until the end of the next turn.

Brennan: And he has Bane on him, right?

Ally: Yeah, and he has Bane on him.

Emily: Which guy?

Siobhan: Johnny.

Emily: Oh, yeah, he's gotta roll a d4.

Brennan: And you're using that for your attack roll, so now he gets a minus 4 to this. So what's your, he got a 13, what is the DC for your spells?

Siobhan: 14, spell save DC is 14.

Brennan: Hell yeah, he's one away. So he's now Bane and poisoned. So he goes up, sees like through this weird magical flirting with Fig, you raise your finger and a stream, it's not, it would be cool if it was like magical energy, it is pure liquid. It originates at a small part of your finger and like a force feed like fois gras duck just down his throat.

Adaine: I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.

Johnny: Not cool, little mama!

Kristen: Whoa, little mama!

Adaine: Somehow you calling me little mama is so much grosser than you puking.

Johnny: Nobody steps to Johnny, nobody, nobody… Ow, papa's hurtin'!

Brennan: You see, fuck yeah, you did 15 damage?

Siobhan: Yeah, I did 15 damage.

Brennan: God damn.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: That's powerful.

Brennan: Powerful-ass spell. You see, bah bah bah, that's gonna be Fig. And now you gotta do your drive thing as well, so are you flooring it, are you cruising, are you hitting the brakes? Or are you gonna base it?

Emily: I'm gonna keep cruising.

Brennan: Oh, sorry, you can actually make a Perception check beforehand, if you'd like.

Emily: Perception check. I got a 4.

Brennan: You don't know what the road coming up is gonna be, so you tell me what you're gonna do.

Emily: I'm gonna keep cruising, keep laying on that horn.

Brennan: Keep cruising, keep laying on the horn, you got it. So you take your action and your bonus action.

Emily: I'm just gonna look, this is a cantrip, right? Okay, I'm gonna look in the rearview mirror at this guy and cast Vicious Mockery on him.

Brennan: What's, Wisdom?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: He fails. Believe it or not, that guy's not wise.

Emily: Okay, he takes just 2 points of damage, but he also has disadvantage on his next attack roll.

Brennan: Gotcha. These guys are getting fucked up.

Emily: And then I'm gonna give Bardic Inspiration to -

Ally: Aww.

Brennan: Gorgi!

Emily: Gorgug.

Zac: Hell, yeah, I'm just furious.

Emily: So now I look in the rearview mirror and make eye contact with Gorgug and I wink at him.

Gorgug: What's that about? What does that mean? I don't know what that means.

Ally: Have you used yours yet?

Brennan: Rad. They're gonna take some more shots at you. The guys standing on the back of the moving car, moving from side to side, reaches out with his crowbar, he's gonna take a swing at Gorgug. Does it with disadvantage. For Gorgug, will a 13 hit?

Zac: My armor class is 13.

Brennan: Cool. So he hits. He swings at you and pops you for 6 points of damage, which is 3 points of damage. So he goes like,

Greaser: Hey kid, let me teach you to samba. Boom!

Ally: Oh, so samba.

Gorgug: That's not what that dance is!

Brennan: You see that the other tieflings are gonna take some more shots at you guys, now that one of their crew's in there, they're not gonna throw another grenade. That dude -

Zac: Someone throwing a grenade?

Brennan: Ax is Baned, so three of them are gonna take shots. Two of these are gonna be shots at Fabian. Both misses, one's taking a shot at Gorgug. That's going to be a hit. He's gonna go ahead and deal 6 damage, which is now 3 damage again. I'm gonna need you to make a Constitution saving throw.

Lou: Don't make the same mistake I made. Use your Bardic Inspiration.

Zac: Oh, I got a 6.

Ally: Bardic Inspiration.

Emily: Well, Bardic Inspiration isn't gonna get you to what you need, I don't think.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: 6 altogether? Cool. You are under the poisoned condition as well now. That's now going to be, that's the greasers' turn, that's now going to be Kristen again.

Ally: Great, okay. I am going to cast Bless on you three, sorry.

Emily: No, that's good, that's a smart person to do.

Ally: So yeah, they all have Bless.

Brennan: Riz, Fabian, and Gorgug? The three people with weapons.

Emily: Although, just throwing it out there, I'm driving and I have to do all these saving throws.13: Oh, yeah, true. Okay, cool -

Brennan: Go ahead and make the call.

Ally: Okay, you two and Riz, The Ball.

Emily: Riz is on our side now, so.

Lou: The Ball. The Ball is back.

Brennan: Rad. Let's move these off the board.

Lou: God, it's so nice having health.

Murph: Needing some heals at some point.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, a little bit of hit points goes a long way.

Emily: What is everyone's hit points?

Lou: 21.

Siobhan: I'm on 18.

Murph: I'm at 20 'cause of the temp hit points.

Ally: 24.

Zac: I'm at 26.

Murph: Inspiring speech is dope

Brennan: Okay, steep curve, steep curve.

Lou: Wow.

Brennan: So the first thing I'm gonna need is that saving throw, ooh, is that saving throw from Fig, a Dexterity saving throw.

Zac: Do you have Bless there? Okay.

Emily: Oh, baby, we're looking at 20.

Brennan: Fig is like the best driver you guys have ever seen. Fuckin' you have time to light up a Clove if you want.

Emily: I do. I take out the flask, but I think better of it, no no.

Siobhan: No drinking and driving.

Brennan: Your little spell energy says,

Identify Spell: Very good to your friend, it's always a danger, and never cool to drink and drive.

Adaine: Oh my god, my own mind is so lame.

Brennan: Make some saving throws for these dope-ass tiefling bikers. They all succeed on their saving throws as they wheel around. You see that that guy up on top also makes his Acrobatics check to stay on, which is successful.

Emily: Are you taking Bane for Johnny's saving throws?

Brennan: Ooh, I need to take Bane for his saving throws, hold on, let me actually reroll his saving throw real quick. No, makes it.

Emily: Oh, damn. Worth a try.

Brennan: Worth a try. So, you speed around the corner, the greasers have now pulled up alongside you. Johnny Spells is going to go. He looks at you, who's just poisoned him. He's now poisoned and Baned, Jesus. He has a Bane here. Adaine does a, bah bah bah, 14 hit your armor class? It does? Okay. You see he goes around, raises up his hand and he says,

Johnny: Ooh, you think you're a big bad spell caster? Well, get ready for a big bad spell!

Brennan: And a green skull appears on his hand and he hits you for 11 points of acid damage.

Adaine: Ow!

Lou: Thank you for that speech, truly.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: That's going to be - 

Zac: What are you at?

Siobhan: I was at 18, so 7

Brennan: Oh, that's right, you had those temporary hit points.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: That's now going to be Fabian.

Lou: I'm dealing with this man on the back of the car.

Murph: I hate this guy so much, please kill him.

Lou: Bless I should roll after whichever is the disadvantage, I guess? Oh god, no, come back.

Zac: You can just reroll it, right?

Lou: And 14.

Brennan: Oh.

Lou: 17.

Brennan: 17 hits!

Emily: Woo!

Murph: Hell yeah.

Emily: Light him up!

Murph: Kill him.

Lou: D8, d8, d8, there it is. Excuse me, 11? Yeah, 11.

Brennan: 11 damage?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: This guy goes,

Johnny; ooh, what you wanna do in a big bad sword fight? And you skewer him right through the head.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: You feel crunching through the keratin of his horns. Bam, as this golden rat basket hilt.

Johnny: Ooh, daddy.

Fabian: Don't call me daddy.

Johnny: My last words were daddy.

Kristen: This should have you rethink your papa, okay?

Fabian: No, I'm not, I love my papa, all right?

Kristen: No, you can't-

Fabian: I love my papa, all right?

Brennan: He falls off, bam bam bam bam, gone.

Lou: Christ.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Zac: Am I in swinging distance to this guy?

Brennan: Yes, totally.

Zac: On my left?

Brennan: You will not get the cover provided by the car if you lean out to hit him.

Zac: Okay. Look, I'm gonna take a reckless attack at that guy, and I'm gonna just swing and -

Murph: Oh yeah, then you just get -

Brennan: So you're not advantage or disadvantage, you're just rolling one dice.

Zac: Oh, I'm not -

Brennan: Your advantage from reckless cancels out your disadvantage from poison.

Zac: Gotcha. Oh, right right.

Emily: Hell yeah.

Zac: 17.

Brennan: 17 hits!

Murph: Yes, all right, so that's a d12.

Brennan: 1d12 plus 5.

Zac: Plus 5, because I'm raging. Ooh, I hit him for 11.

Brennan: You see that you, whack! Into the side of him and jacket tears, blood comes out. He goes, ah!

Greaser: Why you gotta crimp my style, green man?

Gorgug: I'm not crimping anything!

Brennan: Badly injured this dude. Beer Bottle is very badly injured.

Ally: His name's Beer Bottle?

Emily: Oh my god.

Brennan: I named them by what they're holding, Kristen. I can tell you what their names are if you're interested in what their names are.

Ally: I am.

Emily: Crowbar.

Siobhan: Baseball Bat?

Brennan: The names of the tieflings, not that you ever got-

Murph: I don't want to know.

Brennan: You don't want to know?

Zac: I personally.

Brennan: I named them all. In case you roleplayed with them.

Murph: You know what, yes, I would love to know.

Lou: Who died first? Who was Spike Chain?

Brennan: Spike Chain was Tony Tenari.

Lou: Tony Tenari?

Murph: What was his home situation like?

Brennan: Bad. The other people, the guy you just killed was named Billy Hellmouth, and the four others are Hot Hands O'Malley, Scorching Ray, Brutal Like a Fire and Barry Barbazu.

Ally: Oh my god.

Lou: I have words with Brutal Like a Fire.

Siobhan: That's like an old family name.

Ally: Is one of them Howling Ray?

Brennan: Scorching Ray.

Ally: Scorching Ray.

Brennan: His name's Raymond, but they call him Scorching Ray.

Ally: That's hilarious.

Emily: And all of their home lives were?

Brennan: Bad. All right, just, you know, sometimes as a DM you do work and people don't get to see it and it's fine. That's now going to be Riz.

Murph: I shoot that guy with my magic gun.

Emily: Yeah!

Murph: And I'm gonna fucking hit this time, and do something, because I'm blessed. Great, 17, 23.

Brennan: That'll do it.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Murph: And he's within five feet of this guy, right? Gorgug? For the sneak attack?

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Dope.

Emily: Ooh!

Murph: So. 14 damage.

Greaser: Yo, the problem with crimping my style is.

Gorgug: Yeah!

Brennan: Full head off the side of his body, horn, ear flies off. That's now going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Witch Bolt on Johnny Spells, please.

Brennan: Please go right ahead.

Siobhan: Fuck, it's a nat 1.

Ally: Oh.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll -

Murph: It just makes him radder. He just gets so rad.

Brennan: So fuckin' rad.

Siobhan: Oh my god, I'm so rad.

Brennan: It like gets caught in the wheel and it's like spinning and they're getting close and shit.

Brennan: I need you to roll 1d12 damage, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: Oh shit. Sorry guys. 8.

Brennan: Your Witch Bolt flies out of your hand, shoots into the engine of the car and. You see something break and pop and ping around in the engine of the car, and the engine starts making a very loud noise.

Ally: You've been a great driver so far, though. I think you can handle it.

Emily: Elaborate?

Brennan: Go ahead and make a, we'll call this just raw Intelligence check.

Ally: You're Blessed.

Emily: Oh, yeah, baby. 7 plus 4 is 11 plus, well, I get to add Jack of All Trades, so I add another one.

Brennan: That's true.

Emily: So 13.

Brennan: The issue is that one of the things in the engine has popped out when it shouldn't.

Ally: Cool.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Me talking to any mechanic ever.

Adaine: I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.

Brennan: You see it is now Fig's turn. Fig, go ahead and make that Perception check for the road coming up ahead.

Emily: Okay. Nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20?

Emily: Plus 2, plus -

Brennan: Oh.

Emily: So it's actually 24.

Brennan: Nat 20? Your choice. Intersection, curve, or straightaway, going up onto the highway.

Emily: Going up onto the highway? Let's go on the highway, baby!

Murph: Lot of people there.

Emily: I think we -

Siobhan: Maybe we can lose 'em.

Emily: I mean, we don't have to worry about hitting a car full of halflings.

Brennan: Yeah, you don't have to worry about steering either, so you can floor it if you want.

Emily: Yeah, we're gonna floor it onto the highway.

Brennan: Awesome. Now these greasers are gonna go.

Ally: There are how many, four of 'em?

Brennan: Mhmm.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You see that one of the guys goes,

Greaser: Johnny, I think it's time for this rodeo to come to a grand finale.

Fig: You're mixing your metaphors!

Brennan: You see this guy leaps onto the hood of the car and is gonna take a swing at you, Fig.

Emily: Bring it on, come on.

Brennan: What's your armor class?

Emily: 100. 12.

Brennan: He clocks you in the head for 8 points of damage. Bam! Over the windshield.

Emily: I look up with my face bleeding and I smile at him.

Brennan: Ooh!

Emily: And also I use Thaumaturgy and my eyes glow red. Although that wouldn't intimidate him, whatever. I still do it.

Brennan: This guy's gonna take a shot at you, Adaine. Misses terribly, and this guy's taking a shot at Fabian. Hits for 3 points of damage. That's going to be Kristen.

Ally: Great. Can I use my staff and shoot power up in the air to try to land onto Johnny's skull?

Brennan: Sure, what character ability will you be using to do that?

Ally: Staff and insight with my god.

Brennan: Insight with your god. You are welcome, if you would like, to make, you can make a staff attack, there's actually guys right at this like, tieflings right outside -

Ally: Interesting. Okay, yeah.

Brennan: Using it as it's intended, but that's, you know, up to you.

Ally: Yeah, which one?

Brennan: This guy's within range and so's this guy.

Ally: I'll do the not ax, the not-Baned guy yeah.

Brennan: Cool, this guy, where's he at? He has a little shattered beer bottle in his hand as well.

Ally: Oh cool, Beer Bottle, I'm going for Beer Bottle.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack roll.

Ally: Great. 13 plus 4, 17

Brennan: That's gonna hit, go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Sweet. D6 plus 2. 4.

Brennan: Awesome.

Ally: Not much damage, but -

Brennan: Hell yeah. You crack, lean out and smack him across his forehead with your holy staff.

Greaser: What's your deal, mama? Don't you wanna learn how to jive?

Ally: Oh my god.

Greaser: Wouldn't you like that?

Kristen: I would not like to learn how to jive.

Greaser: All right, sweet thing. Catch you on the dance floor.

Lou: I hate these people.

Gorgug: We killed a bunch of your friends!

Greaser: What?

Gorgug: They're dead.

Greaser: I hadn't really taken a second -

Gorgug: Process that.

Greaser: I hadn't really, naw, 'cause, wow.

Brennan: You guys, that's the end of this round. You guys get up onto the highway, up onto the ramp. Floor it, tearing off, you guys are now going like 70, 80 miles per hour. You see that one of the greasers calls and says,

Greaser: Johnny, we gotta do it, man! They're gonna get away!

Brennan: And Johnny says,

Johnny: Come on, not my beautiful car!

Brennan: They all fall back. You see Johnny goes, makes an attack roll.

Emily: With Bane.

Brennan: Ooh, with Bane, thank you for the reminder. Hand goes, up, wreathed in green energy, fire, skull chatters menacingly in the smoke, aiming right to the engine of the car and a flash of light incinerates it, and it skews off to the side, fizzles and misses the car.

Emily: Whew.

Brennan: Fabian. Go for it.

Lou: With regard to attacking the man on the hood of the car, is that Acrobatics on top of it, or -

Brennan: Yeah, you can make an Acrobatics check to get over him onto the hood of the car, yeah.

Lou: No, we'll just hand crossbow him from my seat, comfortably.

Ally: Comfortably.

Murph: Sitting down.

Lou: Sitting down.

Siobhan: Such a Fabian move too.

Ally: He opens up like a to go coffee.

Emily: Legs crossed.

Zac: Aha!

Lou: 6 again. 7. Oh, excuse me, 13.

Brennan: 13.

Emily: You could add Bardic Inspiration.

Lou: Yeah, why not, let's do it, it's time. 15.

Brennan: 15 exactly hits.

Cast: Woo!

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: So go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: All right.

Brennan: Jesus, okay. You see the guy with the bat that says Lil Slugger on the side, goes,

Greaser: Oh, I take the stage to.

Brennan: And he's been tracheotomied by a crossbow bolt into the throat.

Fabian: What was that? What were you saying?

Lou: And I sit as comfortably, I'm still suffering horrible poison, but as comfortably as.

Brennan: Honestly, that's how Fabian's fighting. You cannot move your body, so you just have enough strength to get this one crossbow up into the air. That's gonna be Gorgug.

Ally: Fuck. This is crazy.

Zac: I'm gonna take another reckless attack and throw a hand ax at Johnny and not his motorcycle.

Brennan: Oh, go for it, yeah yeah yeah.

Zac: I thought of a strategy of hitting the guy.

Ally: Interesting.

Zac: Ooh, I hit, yeah, 21.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: 1d6 plus 3. Oh, plus 5. I hit him for 9.

Brennan: Jesus! You lean out the back of the car, and throwing in the other, this ax is a fuckin' blip, it's like a neutrino moving through space. Bam! Hits him right in the chest. And you see that raw, evil infernal energy circles out of the wound.

Greaser: Why can't you guys just be cool? Why'd you have to be so lame?!

Brennan: And screams out in pain. That's going to, he's badly injured now. Riz, it's gonna be you.

Murph: Okay, I am going to shoot this guy that's, or should I shoot Johnny?

Ally: You should shoot Johnny.

Murph: All right, I'll shoot Johnny.

Ally: 'Cause I can maybe hit the guy on the thing.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: That'll do it.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: Okay. Oh wait, not a d8, a d6. 7 damage.

Brennan: 7 damage. He is so fucked up right now. You raise your pistol, boom! Other shoulder. He is lookin' hurt, hurt, hurt.

Murph: I'd like to- I have a skill called Fury of the Small where I can do my level damage to anybody who's bigger than me, so I would like to do 2 damage to him.
Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: Fury of the Small!

Ally: Fury of the Small!

Emily: I love it!

Brennan: So, you fire your thing, you hit him just like, right in the stomach. With another bullet. Covered in blood, shoulder, shoulder, stomach, he's got fucking covered in poison.

Johnny: I don't wanna rumble no more! I don't wanna rumble no more!

Emily: Motion to rename it Fury of The Ball.

Lou: 100%. Motion granted.

Murph: No, I don't like that, I don't like that.

Siobhan: Motion granted.

Lou: Let's go ahead and pass that into law.

Brennan: Adaine, it's gonna be you.

Siobhan: I am going to use Mage Hand to throw dust in Johnny Spells's face.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Yeah, kick up some dust. Go ahead and give me like a Sleight of Hand check.

Siobhan: Great. 20, not nat but 20.

Brennan: Full 20, cool. A little dust storm kicks a bunch of dust into his face.

Johnny: Boys, they're concentratin' on me, why?

Greaser: You're the leader, Johnny!

Brennan: You see that, that's now gonna be Fig. Make a Perception check.

Emily: Okay, make a Perception check, okay. I got, a 20.

Brennan: Oh, full 20.

Emily: Not nat.

Brennan: You have a limited amount of time before something bad happens with this engine.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: There is more straightaway ahead of you, there is also some construction on an area of the ramp that goes over to a repairing ramp, so you can go straight on the highway, in which case there'd be a lot of distance with this shitty car, there is also an area off to the side that forks off, which is another straightaway, that ends with a section of construction, and you see a hay cart tilted down facing the empty chasm space and the rest of the highway over it. So in other words two elements of highway over here with a chasm in between.

Emily: Question. So would you say at this point like, I'm driving so slick that it's more of a Performance at this point?

Brennan: I would say that it's more of a Performance at this point.

Emily: Okay, I'd like to rip a sick U-turn, and hopefully knock this guy off and then start driving at Johnny.

Ally: Oh!

Siobhan: Sick.

Brennan: Sure! Yeah, sure! Yeah, 100%.

Murph: Drift.

Ally: Oh fuck.

Siobhan: Tokyo Drift, baby!

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead, I'm gonna need you to, so here's what I'm gonna say. I'm gonna need you to make a drive check now.

Emily: What's that?

Brennan: It's not a Dexterity saving throw, it's a flat Dexterity roll, and I'm gonna set, in my own mind right now, a DC for getting that guy off and a higher DC for pulling a sick u-ey and driving at Johnny Spells. Go ahead and roll.

Emily: Okay. I'm not gonna kill us, am I? Whatever. Okay, I got an 11.

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Dexterity saving throw.

Emily: Okay. Oh, I got a, 9.

Lou: Did it get worse?

Emily: 9.

Brennan: You crank the tunes, drag that clove, grab the wheel, and the car fully fishtails and flips, tumbling over the highway.

Fabian: The fuck! Oh my god!

Adaine: I'm not wearing a seatbelt, why aren't I wearing a seatbelt!

Emily: Wait wait, I also, okay, yeah. I don't know what order you wanna do this, I have a bonus action that I wanted to heal her. I wanted to use Healing Word as a bonus action to -

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: So while we're in the air -

Brennan: As the car starts to go sideways, as you're like, this is gonna be so fuckin' sick, oh no, the back end flies -

Emily: 10!

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Emily: At least I did something before I destroyed us.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: So now what I'm gonna need everybody to do -

Lou: Holy fuck.

Brennan: Is I'm gonna need everybody here -

Lou: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: To roll Dexterity saving throws. Let me know -

Zac: Oh, and I get advantage on Dex -

Brennan: But you get disadvantage 'cause you’re poisoned. So you just roll straight.

Zac: Got it.

Siobhan: 10

Lou: 12.

Emily: I got a 19.

Murph: Kristen Applebees is not gonna do well.

Ally: Negative 1.

Zac: I got a 7.

Lou: A 16.

Siobhan: I got a 10.

Murph: I got a 19.

Emily: I got a 19 also.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. So who got - 

Lou: Fig, you were doing so well.

Emily: I thought maybe, that's why I asked him, I thought maybe it'd be a Performance check. 'Cause I'm good with that.

Brennan: Oh that's what you were asking.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: It's really cool that you thought that.

Brennan: So here's how this is gonna work.

Lou: Oh my god.

Brennan:: It's gonna be 12.

Lou: Papa.

Siobhan: Minus 1.

Ally: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: Everyone who failed the check, didn't get a 15, takes 14 points of damage.

Emily: Oh my god!

Zac: Is mine halved or no?

Brennan: Yours is halved.

Zac: Okay.

Siobhan: Thank god you healed me.

Emily: I am so sorry, everyone.

Brennan: Everyone that succeeded takes 7 points of damage.

Lou: Oh really? Oh fantastic.

Ally: What about that guy on the hood?

Brennan: We're gonna roll for him.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: He's gotta be fuckin' toast.

Lou: He better not do a fuckin' back flip like that other dude, rolling nat 20.

Brennan: The car flips, you fully crush him under the car, so he goes like,

Greaser: Oh, you wanna rumble? Coming up next to the plate, Scorching Ray, with a little -

Brennan: He goes from being a full person with a life and dreams to being not even really an object but sort of like an element of the road in a fraction of a second.

Emily: Do his guts get on Adaine?

Brennan: Once again, everywhere. We're gonna -

Murph: He falls in the car with us as we roll.

Lou: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: People that had a successful save, go ahead and give me an Acrobatics check.

Lou: I hate this so much.

Emily: I'm way sorry, guys.

Brennan: It's totally okay.

Ally: You can use Bless with that.

Murph: I suck so much.

Lou: 16.

Brennan: 16? Okay.

Murph: 10.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Emily: 11.

Murph: None of these dice are good, all of these dice are bad.

Emily: I thought this was an awesome idea!

Lou: Look, as far as I'm concerned, this is our like, run up in its asshole moment of this episode, it's just this time it didn't work.

Emily: I thought it was gonna be so dope.

Lou: Every Friday we gonna run up an asshole.

Brennan: Did anyone succeed? Who had an Acrobatics check, what'd you get?

Lou: 16.

Brennan: You leap fully out of the car and while you take some damage, you actually do a three-point land and skid in your sneakers right here.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Emily: At least there's that.

Lou: Finally. Fucking tables are impossible, but vehicles moving

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: Honestly, the car was fucked anyways.

Lou: Okay, sure thing, yeah yeah.

Emily: If you think about it guys, the car was fucked, so it was gonna do this on its own probably. If we're being honest.

Lou: Oh my god.

Zac: Specifically this?

Lou: Specifically this, the whole flipping and the dying and the everyone getting injured, that was gonna happen?

Brennan: That guy's fully dead.

Lou: Jesus Christ.

Ally: Very cool.

Lou: This is hell.

Zac: It's not hell. You know nothing about hell!

Lou: Okay. Again with the -

Brennan: So this fuckin' sick move, so everyone's, you know, somewhat injured. Is anyone fully dead?

Ally: No.

Lou: No.

Brennan: All right.

Emily: Ah, thank god.

Lou: I'm like okay for how much -

Siobhan: I'm very close, but -

Ally: What are you at?

Siobhan: 2.

Zac: I'm at 19.

Siobhan: But I also, I mean, I have my other spells, so I -

Brennan: That is now going to be, that's the greasers' turn.

Lou: Fuck this.

Brennan: Now we're gonna move into some tactical movement. Both these guys swing right past you, take two attacks. You get an attack of opportunity on the first one.

Lou: Me?

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: Great. 13, 12.

Ally: Great.

Murph: Nice.

Lou: 13. 19.

Brennan: You actually hit the first guy.

Lou: Rapier or crossbow?

Brennan: Rapier.

Zac: I forgot I had it.

Siobhan: You have Bardic Inspiration?

Zac: Wait, did I use it?

Siobhan: I don't think you did.

Lou: 13.

Brennan: 13 damage?

Lou: Mhmm.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: You see the first guy comes by, he's gonna take a, what's your armor class?

Lou: Mine's 18.

Emily: God, that's so cool, to be that strong?

Brennan: He swings at you and deals you, hold on one second,  he deals you six points of damage.

Lou: All right.

Brennan: He goes and slaps you with the beer bottle. On his way past you, as he's in the arc of swinging, you go right up under his shoulder, pierce all the way to the shoulder, pop up so he can see the blade coming out of his own body, through the eye into his brain, and out with a flourish of blood that whips across.

Lou: That's the one who poisoned me, right?

Fabian: I showed you, Beer Bottle. I did.

Kristen: You sound just like him.

Fabian: No I don't, all right. I don't say daddy, I say papa.

Brennan: Next one's gonna take a swing at you, and misses.

Fabian: Ha ha!

Brennan: Races past. That's going to be, Kristen, that's your turn.

Ally: Okay, great. Am I at a place where I can attack?

Brennan: Go ahead and make, how do you adjudicate crawling out of a flipped car on the side of a highway? What roll is that? I'm gonna say go ahead and you can either attempt to make a like, make an Athletics or Acrobatics check to get out of here. I'll let you do it with advantage if you take some damage. So in other words, you can either just give it a roll, do Athletics or Acrobatics to get out, or you can allow yourself to sustain some injuries and you just like muscle and push your way out.

Ally: Hmm. I think, this is just to have me like stand up, right?

Brennan: Yeah, 'cause you're in the flipped vehicle, basically, trying to like, crawl out from under it.

Ally: Okay. Well I don't want to attack, I think I want to do a spell instead, but I do want to get out of that car, so, okay, cool.

Brennan: Cool, so that's a -

Zac: 12 plus whatever your -

Brennan: 12 plus whatever your Strength is.

Ally: Oh cool, so that's 14.

Brennan: 14, okay. That makes sense. You take 6 points of damage.

Emily: How you doing?

Ally: 4.

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: 'Cause you're like very clumsy, the car is like collapsed, you're pushed up against the guard rail, so you just you can feel your kind of skin tearing against the metal of the guard rail as you push yourself out, and you are no longer prone, you are standing out from under the car, and you can take your action.

Ally: Okay, I have Cure Wounds and Healing Word. Healing Word is a bonus action, so can I do both of those?

Brennan: You can do both of those, you also have your Preserve Life ability, just to remind you, which only works if people are below half.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: But it's 10 hit points spread around.

Ally: Oh, I'll do that, yeah, heck yeah.

Brennan: So I don't know if anyone's super critically low. But you can do that, or if there's one person you definitely want to give more points to, you can do that as well.

Murph: Could you do Healing Word and that?

Brennan: You could do Healing Word and that, yeah.

Siobhan: Why don't you do Healing Word on me and then -

Murph: 'Cause it's a bonus action.

Ally: Oh yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, but you can't do two spells in the same round with bonus action.

Murph: Is Preserve Life a spell?

Brennan: No, it's not, that's an ability, that's right.

Ally:: Hell yeah.

Emily: It's just channeling your divinity.

Brennan: This game's got a lot of rules. Let's go ahead, so yeah, you use Healing Word, so how many hit points is that?

Ally: I don't know.

Murph: 1d4 plus your ability modifier. So this guy.

Brennan: So go ahead and roll that little pyramid thing.

Ally: So this only? Okay cool.

Murph: Oh my goodness, look at this one. That's gone, that's gone forever.

Lou: What the fuck just happened?

Ally: I'm sweaty, I wore a sweater.

Murph: Okay, 1 plus -

Emily: 1 plus 6, right?

Murph: Yeah, 1 plus 6.

Brennan: 7 heal to you, Fabian. And you just split that 10 up between you and Siobhan any way you want.

Ally: Great, 5 and 5.

Lou: What did I get? I got 7?

Zac: I can't wait to watch that again.

Brennan: That's preserved forever. That's forever. Healing energy spreads from you. Oh, I think you actually, you have a feature called that actually adds some extra to your healing spells, unless I'm much mistaken, right?

Ally: Sweet.

Brennan: Does Disciple of Life say -? It's 3, right?

Emily: Disciple of Life, I think it adds your level to it?

Lou: Yeah. Spell level plus 2?

Emily: Oh, it's the spell level.

Brennan: Spell level plus 2. So that's 1 plus 2, so add another 3 on there.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You're great at healing people. That's going to be -

Emily: Dang, Kristen Applebees.

Brennan: The next round. Johnny is gonna throw an el -

Emily: No more driving throws. Although we might wanna run away from this car 'cause it's probably gonna explode.

Murph: You're still sitting in the driver seat just moving the wheel.

Ally: Yeah, we should probably get away from this car.

Brennan:  Johnny roars past you on the highway, throws an Eldritch Blast your way, that you effortlessly dodge from.

Fabian: Ha ha.

Brennan: That's now going to be Fabian, it's your turn.

Lou: Johnny Spells looks pretty fucked up?

Brennan: Yes, he does.

Lou: All right, I'm gonna use Action Surge to fire my crossbow twice at Johnny Spells.

Brennan: So I assume you move out to the middle of the highway?

Lou: I stand dead center of the highway trying to like, watching his motorcycle move, poisoned as fuck.

Brennan: So sick.

Emily: Use your Bless.

Lou: 13.

Zac: Oh, that's-

Lou: Critical failure. On the first one.

Brennan: Okay, critical failure, disadvantage. Cool. So the first attack, ping! You see that you're, let me actually make a roll here. Cool, you're good, roll again.

Lou: Great. 9, and 6. God, 6. 6, 8, 14.

Brennan: 14 hits.

Lou: Yeah!

Cast: Yes!

Lou: 14. Yeah. 9.

Brennan: You, skidding under the shadow of the car flipping overhead, landing, sliding to a stop, rapier out, skewer the first tiefling that roars past you, another one comes, takes a swing, you dodge, dodge another Eldritch Blast, and like a spinning cap with a back flip, and you step out, dead center, you can see headlights in the distance of vehicles approaching, Johnny roaring down the highway, you take out your hand crossbow, complete miss, fumble. Another arrow. That's my boy. Whack, Johnny's over the handlebars, fuckin' road rash, smeared across a section of interstate, Johnny Spells is dead.

Siobhan: Fuck you, Johnny Spells.

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: So do we only have one guy left?

Ally: And would he even attack with his like, leader gone?

Emily: I think we get him.

Lou: Let's hold him down.

Ally: I have a taste for blood.

Zac: Am I, do I have to like sneak out of this car or anything?

Brennan: Yes, you can make an Athletics or Acrobatics to get out of there, you're still raging so you have advantage on Strength checks, if you want.

Zac: I'm just gonna do the Strength check. So how much Strength do I add?

Brennan: You just add your normal Strength modifier.

Zac: Oh, okay. So I'll do, it's just a Strength check?

Brennan: Just a Strength check, yeah.

Zac: All right.

Brennan: Oh, that should do it, yeah. You crawl out of here, you are out from under the vehicle.

Zac: I'd love to just take a reckless attack at this last guy.

Brennan: Cool. Let's just make sure your motion is good. Bada boom, dude. Give me an Athletics check just to get over the car, and again, you have -

Zac: I got 19.

Ally:  Hell yeah.

Brennan: Oh, go ahead, make your reckless attack, dude.

Zac: Okay, so. But I'm still poisoned, right?

Brennan: You are still poisoned.

Zac: So that's the only attack I get. All right, so I hit it for a 12.

Emily: Have you used your Bardic Inspiration yet?

Zac: Oh, and then Bardic Inspiration, thank you.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: And that's which?

Murph: D6.

Zac: 2. So that would, 14.

Brennan: 14 hits.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Nice!

Murph: Wow.

Zac: And then that's a d, yeah, a d12. I hit him for, uh, 10, cause I’m raging.

Brennan: You crawl out from under this thing, covered again in like blood and fire, leap the guard rail, grab the overturned car, flip off of it, this guy's roaring past you, wham! His fuckin' whole motorcycle sandwiches in on itself, Boom! Into the asphalt, this greaser is no fucking more.

Cast: Whoa!

Emily: Oh!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Fig: Do you wanna sing now, Gorgug?

Siobhan: I scream,

Adaine: Somebody get me outta this car!

Lou: Can we help our friend out of the car?

Brennan: Yes, yes, absolutely.

Emily: Okay, are we out of combat?

Brennan: You are fully out of combat.

Fig: Okay, everyone run away from the car, it's definitely gonna explode.

Adaine: Get me outta the car!

Fig: Let's pull her out.

Riz: Let's pull her out.

Lou: Yeah.

Murph: Does anybody with actual Strength and not a negative 2 in Strength wanna pull somebody out?

Zac: I'll go over there and pull out Adaine.

Murph: I wanna run to Johnny Spells's body.

Lou: And I'll help with Fig, I'll help get Fig out of the car.

Ally: I’ll run with you.

Brennan: Cool. You guys start pulling your friends out of the car. I'm gonna make a roll real quick. Car does not explode.

Lou: Oh my god. I hate that that's something you had to roll. The car does not explode.

Brennan: Cool. You pull your friends out from the vehicle. Riz, you're running down the highway.

Murph: To Johnny Spells's body.

Ally: And I'm with him.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Yeah, I wanna go to that.

Brennan: Cool. You guys all run down from the flipped car to Johnny Spells. Yeah, covered in poison burns, a hand ax wound, bullet hole, and a crossbow bolt in the back of the head. You see that he is laid out on the highway, partially just torn apart by the velocity of falling off the bike. But you see that the way he has landed on the highway, he's actually doing this.

Emily: So sexy.

Lou: Even in death, even in death, terrible.

Murph: You're telling me this guy doesn't fuck?

Emily: No, Penelope's telling you.

Lou: Penelope says he does not fuck, all right?

Zac: This is incredible.

Emily: Well, now we're never gonna find out why he doesn't fuck.

Lou: Fuck, why did I kill this man!

Murph: Well maybe, perhaps we can find out, I wanna search his body for - 

Emily: A penis?

Murph: - like clues, I wanna see if there's anything -

Zac: Any sort of clues of why he's fucking -

Murph: In this world we don't have phones, we have like crystal things or something?

Brennan: Yes, you have little crystals, yeah.

Murph: I wanna see if I can find his crystal or any clues to any of the girls, the girl he was dating or anything.

Brennan: Make an Investigate check, if you'd be so kind.

Murph: Great.

Emily: Oh my god, and we have his body, so if the crystals need like a thumbprint or something.

Murph: Yeah, man. I can't believe how bad I rolled, but I got a 15 overall.

Emily: Don't you have Bless, though?

Murph: I have Bless, I rolled a one on Bless and I rolled an 8 with my roll, but I have a plus 6.

Lou: Can we all investigate?

Brennan: Your guys, also your poison condition fades away.

Zac: Do I come out of rage?

Brennan: You come out of rage, yes.

Zac: I just start crying immediately. Like when a little kid's too mad and they -

Emily: Is there something where I can -

Murph: You got any more of that inspiration?

Emily: Yeah, I was gonna, do you want Bardic Inspiration? I have one left.

Murph: I would love it.

Emily: Okay, so I'll give you some Bardic Inspiration, but then also, is this a time that I can do my song of rest?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely, go for it.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna play a sick Song of Rest. It's gonna be. I sit around and watch the tube but nothing's on.

Ally: It's so good, 'cause we can't tell what it is.

Lou: Yes, what is this?

Ally: Jazz? You play jazz?

Murph: Can I add inspiration?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Murph: Okay. 2, 17.

Zac: Getting 'em out of the way.

Emily: Oh, so Song of Rest is if anyone uses any hit dice, you get to add a d6 to it. That's why I played that song. I wasn't just doing it for no reason.

Fabian: I mean, it was fine. If you were just doing it for no reason in celebration, that's fine.

Adaine: I've only ever listened to classical music before, so it was very interesting for me.

Riz: Guys, we killed people, we killed a man, he's here.

Riz:  We're also not 100% sure he's a bad guy. We saw them in a dance studio, we stole his car -

Fabian: Yeah, we did murder this man without, we had a lot of questions.

Gorgug: I'm pretty sure he's a bad guy.

Fabian: He did bleed pure evil when you axed him.

FIg: We totally gotta go break into the dance studio.

Kristen: Yes, we killed them all, now we can go back there.

Siobhan: Why are we breaking into so many things?

Kristen: 'Cause it's adventure.

Fig: Yeah.

Lou: What shape is his motorcycle in?

Zac: Is it still alive?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Investigate check.

Lou: Hell yes.

Murph: Can you speak demon?

Emily: Infernal, no, but -

Siobhan: I speak Infernal.

Emily: I can speak it a little bit.

Lou: 7. Oh, 7 plus Bless. Oh, 11.

Brennan: You look at it, you see it is humming with like a -

Lou: Ooh, can I go get on it?

Brennan: You take the dead man's motorcycle. You ride it. And it hums with like a warm, resonant feeling.

Riz: That's like an animal, man. I don't know if you wanna ride that.

Lou: Can I do some very like, baby practice in a parking lot, like circles?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Animal Handling check for me.

Lou: Ooh, I'm very bad at that.

Emily: Oh my god, it's like a demonic animal?

Lou: 8. So 20, 19.

Brennan: 19, you hear a voice whispering in your head saying,

Bike: I have walked through endless nights, strolled through midnight forests, the aching worlds of eternity beyond dimensions of madness have been my dwelling place. Who now strides my custom leather seat?

Fabian: My name is Fabian Aramais Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster. I have finished off your former master and now you belong to me.

Emily: Ooh!

Bike: Ooh, Daddy.

Lou: Yes!

Brennan: Write “motorcycle” in your inventory, dude!

Lou: Yes!

Ally: Oh god.

Emily: You have a demonic entity, does it speak Infernal? Can it teach me Infernal?

Brennan: If you wanna go speak to it, yeah.

Emily: I'm just gonna, I probably know like, because I've been trying to learn Infernal ever since I found out I'm a tiefling. So I'm just gonna use, like, the couple of words I know.

Fig: Hi, how are you?

Bike: Young maiden of the Nine Hells. Do you come to court my master? Master, let her get on the back. The back, let her get on the back!

Fabian: Do you, oh, sorry.

Bike: You should put her hands around your chest. It'll make her have to feel you -

Fabian: Oh, shut up, bike, shut up, bike, shut up!

Gorgug: How are we getting home?

Adaine: I would also like to know that.

Gorgug: How are we getting home?

Kristen: Are you getting dating advice from that bike that you're on?

Riz: What’s up with this guy? What’s on his body?

Fig: Yeah, that's true, yeah.

Brennan: Cool, hold on one -

Fabian: Yeah, I got sidetracked. I took a dead man’s bike.

Kristen: That bike is just reading The Game to you.

Riz: It's a very obvious bike. Like people know this is Johnny Spells' bike, right? It's the only living bike in town?

Fig: Oh yeah, you should probably keep this in your garage for a while. Maybe under a tarp.

Adaine: Can you cast Disguise on it?

Fig: I think Disguise Self only works on myself.

Fabian: I'll just pay to get it, we'll get a new paint job.

Riz: Yeah, give it a new paint job, for sure do that, for sure do that.

Fabian: I mean, the skull has to stay, but this is my motorcycle.

Fig: But you could put like a little hat on it, like a pirate's hat on the skull.

Fabian: Oh yes! I love that. I absolutely love that.

Adaine: Skull and crossbones, baby.

Fabian Yes.

Kristen: We just add crossbones to the skull. Oh, that's genius.

Brennan: You find in his belongings a number of things that you'd only assume are like, fiendish sort of like, warlock accoutrement.

Emily: Ooh, tell me.

Siobhan: Is my Detect Magic spell still working?

Brennan: Yes, it is still working.

Siobhan: Do I see anything?

Brennan: Yeah, you see that there is a little object that appears to be his like phylactery or the source of his like, warlock's connection to whatever fiendish overlord he has.

Emily: Wait a second, he was a warlock? I thought he was a bard.

Siobhan: That's fucked up.

Emily: I put my hands on his chest and say,

Fig: What were you?!

Riz: So we should take that thing so you can talk to it maybe.

Brennan: The phylactery is this beautiful like, dark mahogany and silver and ivory little sort of three-part, there's like a little thing with a small button on the end, looks like a switchblade.

Adaine: I think this is bad.

Fig: I'll take it. It's infernal, I'm fiendish, that's like me.

Adaine: No, I don't think it's good.

Riz: I think we should take, it might have information.

Fabian: Yeah, let's give it to the police or Goldenhoard or somebody.

Riz: We're not going to the police, we murdered these people.

Adaine: No, no, no, no, I just need 10 minutes with it and I can cast Identify on it, but I need 10 minutes and I don't think that we should hang around at a crime scene on the highway.

Brennan: The other things you find are, you find a crystal, but the crystal that he has is in a casing fresh from the store and it's like a cheap crystal.

Ally: It's a burner.

Emily: Burner, burner crystal!

Zac: Or he's flipping it with the crystal he has.

Murph: I'll take it anyway.

Brennan: He also has a little black book.

Siobhan: Sex book!

Zac: But he doesn't fuck!

Emily: He doesn't fuck!

Ally: Coulda had sex with her. Coulda had sex with her.

Emily: But didn't -

Ally: Coulda had sex with him.

Brennan: He also, in the little black book, you see there's also a little like day planner he has there in paper, there is a monthly meeting that he has on the last Friday of every month that is just called Tea Time.

Emily: Oh my god. Wait, I need to steal some of their clothing. Do they have any jackets that have like, a crest on them or anything like that? Anything that looks like it would be gang accoutrement?

Brennan: You can steal a leather jacket, yeah.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: I wanna take a leather jacket too.

Emily:  Because I can infiltrate that, I'm a tiefling and if I wear gang colors.

Brennan: So there's Tea Time.

Zac: I'm gonna take a leather jacket.

Emily: What was this crew called? Or like what would I call this leather jacket?

Brennan: I don't think you guys ever found out, they don't have their names anywhere.

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan: Dance squad?

Emily: Okay, cool.

Brennan: So. You look, he has the crystal in a casting, he has the little black book, you see that it has Sam Nightingale's name in there and it also has Penny Luckstone's.

Murph: I throw up.

Kristen: No, Riz!

Fabian: Oh, please.

Kristen: That was on my backpack.

Riz: I found clues, when I hear clues, I throw up, because I'm excited. Not a bad vomit, it's a good vomit.

Fabian: The Ball, you have to work this out, all right? You can't keep, you'll ruin, if we-

Fig: I love addressing him as The Ball, seriously.

Fabian: He's The Ball.

Murph: I climb into Fabian's backpack and continue to read the book.

Fabian: Get out, okay!

Riz: I need a minute.

Murph: I have a little flashlight in my mouth.

Brennan: The things you find in Johnny Spells, on his person. The crystal in a case, the little black book that has Sam Nightingale's number, it has Penny Luckstone's number.

Emily: Whoa. Wait a second, we could text them from an unidentified number and-

Ally: His crystal.

Emily: Well, his crystal he said is a burner, but yeah, we could text them from his -

Murph: Yeah, we should take his burner.

Emily: We should maybe text Penelope or something like that.

Brennan:  And then in the part of the little black book that is like a day planner part, you see that once a month thing, Tea Time.

Emily: Cool.

Zac: Feel like this crystal is, 'cause the crystal that they took was scratched off so that people couldn't track it.

Siobhan: Yeah, the palimpsest.

Zac: So they're gonna replace it with the crystal that he has.

Murph: Should we take this stuff and get off the highway?

Brennan: You guys see that a little car pulls up, a little car, the headlights that you saw in the distance pull up and you guys see a little family of halflings with ice cream cones.

Ally: They made it.

Riz: Turn it around, turn it, tell the kids to turn around!

Brennan: You see the guy rolls down the window and he goes,

Bud: Well, do you guys need a ride into town? What's going on?

Fig: Yeah, can we swing by the ice cream place again? I think your kids would like more ice cream!

Brennan: You see he looks at you and looks back at his kids and goes,

Bud: Double ice cream? Anything for you kids!

Brennan: And he rustles one of his kids.

Bud: We're going ice cream again! Eat your ice cream fast!

Brennan: You see these kids just start horking down ice cream as fast as they can.

Lou: I ride on my motorcycle.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: He’s like,

Bud: You gonna put a helmet on?

Fabian: I will, I just have to go buy one. I promise I will.

Bud: We gotta, yeah, 'cause there's nothing funny about not being safe.

Fabian: No, of course. But I -

Bud: We almost got hit by a biker earlier, no, we did get hit,

Brennan: He shows the dent over by, he says -

Riz: You still got ice cream?

Fabian: Oh really?

Bud: We had, there was a crazy, there was a car driving right past, there's a bunch of bikers, and this one guy, he just plowed right into the middle of the car and almost ruined the ice cream trip.

Kristen: And let me guess, did he flip and land on the back of another car?

Bud: What? He did exactly that, he flipped all the way through the air -

Kristen: That's been happening around here lately.

Fabian: We've been hearing stories about that.

Bud: You know what it is, it's that these kids are doing drugs.

Lou: Yep.

Cast: Yeah.

Riz: That's what I think.

Fabian: That's why we all went to go get ice cream.

Adaine: We're very safe.

Riz: Me and Fabian on the bike!

Adaine: Real clean cut.

Siobhan I quickly mend all of our clothes to make us look cleaner.

Brennan:  The bike says,

Bike: No, no, not The Ball, get the girl, get the tiefling.

Fabian:  I'm glad you recognize The Ball, that feels good.

Bike: I hate this Ball.

Murph: I give my card to the motorcycle.

Brennan: Flames.

Fabian: Please don't solicit my bicycle.

Riz: Ah, greetings and salutations, my bike friend.

Bike: Master, together, we will conquer this world of mortals and send their souls to hell!

Fabian: Yes, yes, in due time, bike. Now, to the ice cream shop.

Brennan: Guys, that's all the time we have for Fantasy High this week, come back next week for another exciting installment of our adventure, where we see just how much ice cream these guys can eat. Later!

Emily: It's a lot.

Lou: It's a lot of ice cream.

Siobhan: So much ice cream.

[EPISODE5]

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Fantasy High. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. We're back with our intrepid adventurers here, in the town of Elmville in the nation of Solace in the world of Spire. Last we left our heroes, they flipped a car doing 85 on the highway.

Emily: No, we were going faster. I think we were going faster.

Brennan: And now we find ourselves at Basrar's Soda Fountain, a wonderful little white and silver soda fountain shop. Little ice cream- There is an icy, windy djinn, who has a little smokey tornado below the waist, who's behind the counter, making malts and milkshakes, and stuff like that. Big ol' handlebar mustache, icy blue skin, got a crisp white shirt, little bow tie, a little paper hat. There's a couple people here enjoying a nice sundae, a banana split, maybe some kind of icy confection. You guys are all seated in a corner booth. Some of you are having your second milkshake of the day. You are all covered in insane road rash and blood and other things like that, but you're, you know, mostly okay.

Emily: How did my Doreen's fishnets hold up?

Brennan: Perfect. The fishnets are golden.

Ally: Wow, hell yeah.

Brennan: You find yourself coming out of the shock. Looking at each other now, you hold onto a couple of objects that you recovered at the very end of the insane car chase with Johnny Spells and his tiefling greasers. You have his little black book. Which once again, I'll tell you what his little black book has. It has phone numbers of a bunch of people, but the important names are Sam Nightingale, very recent. Penny Luckstone, Katya Cleaver, Sam Nightingale, I've already said, Danielle Barkstock, and Antiope Jones. Most of his little black book, there's a planner section of it, where it has that last Friday of the month tea time. Most of the planner is filled up with various rehearsals. So, we have dance rehearsals. There's a jazz section. There's hip hop section.

Emily: Is the word “daddy-o” in there?

Brennan: The word “daddy-o”'s in there a lot.

Ally: Daddy-O, ooh, ah!

Brennan: His schedule's rigorous in there. Also, you see that there's a number of these that are crossed out which are new, unlabeled phone numbers that have a PIN and an activation code. So these new, crossed out numbers. A lot of them are crossed out. There is one on the last written page that is not crossed out. Additionally, you guys also got this little switchblade, which you still haven't opened, which your detect magic highlighted as the source of his infernal powers. You also have a, sealed in plastic wrap, crystal, a fresh crystal, unopened and unactivated. I'm trying to think if you got anything else from him. No, I believe that's it. Oh, I’m wrong. You got the scratched up, scuffed palimpsest. The big fuckin' thing. You guys have a palimpsest that has some kind of spirit, soul, something trapped inside of it.

Riz: Can anybody detect what is inside this thing?

Gorgug: I can try.

Riz: Somebody not Gorgug.

Fig: No, I think Gorgug will save us.

Adaine: Well, I, yesterday during the fight, cast identify on it and essentially, this is a crystal whose all of the identifying nature of it has been scraped off in some way, and then trapped inside it is a girl.

Fabian: What?

Adaine: I don't know. It seems very odd. I don't know how a person could get trapped inside a crystal.

Gorgug: Could you talk to her?

Adaine: No, she just was sad inside it.

Fabian: So, there's just a girl pressed up against the edge of this crystal?

Adaine: You're saying that as if we don't live in a world where magic is possible.

Fabian: Okay, well, alright. I've just never experienced putting people inside of small balls.

Adaine: You can put people inside of all kinds of things. I just have never seen this.

Riz: I threw up in your backpack yesterday. Today, this morning.

Adaine: I mean that's not the same. I feel like you're trying to make that sound analogous when it's really not.

Riz: I'm a goblin.

Brennan: Basrar wends his way, tornadoing, dust deviling through the fountain shop. Comes up with a whole bunch of ice creams and things.

Basrar: Ah, my friends! Welcome, one and all. Here you go. Can I get you anything else? Simply say the words and your wish is my command.

Emily: I spike my milkshake.

Basrar: That is not allowed in here.

Adaine: Why’d you: Could you not wait 30 seconds for him to go away?

Fig: Fine, fine, I'll put it back.

Emily: And then I try to pour the milkshake back into it.

Basrar: Hmm, gross. Okay.

Siobhan: Also, doesn't that flask have the Friend spell cast on it?

Emily: I keep almost dosing myself.

Basrar: Alright, well, I hope everything else is good. Let me know if I can get you anything at all.

Adaine: Thank you so much.

Kristen: Thank you!
        
Fabian: Thank you, Basrar.

Basrar: Yes, and of course.

Brennan: Yes?

Emily: Can I do a perception check on this guy?

Brennan: Sure.

Emily: I don't like his attitude.

Siobhan: What, 'cause he told you not to drink in his soda shop?

Emily: Yeah, I don't know about him. It's gonna be 14.

Brennan: I assume this is like an insight check, right?

Emily: Yeah, I wanna get a read on this guy.

Brennan: He has a deep sadness about him.

Kristen: What's up with you man?
        
Basrar: What? I am good, I am good.

Fig: How's business?

Basrar: Business is great. No overhead because, of course, I can make all the ice cream in the world with wishes, so.

Riz: What about the family life? How's that goin'?

Basrar: Good.

Adaine: Thank you so much for this ice cream.

Kristen: Thank you much.

Fabian: Thank you for the ice cream, Basrar.

Kristen: Hey, if you wouldn't mind, I am starting a prayer chain. If you want to just fill out this card, I'll add you to my prayer chain.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a persuasion check for me.

Murph: You're rolling a D12.

Ally: Oh, thank you. You saw that, too, but you couldn't say anything. Nat 2.

Murph: That's a 2.

Brennan: And so he goes,

Basrar: That is okay. I am a creature made of elements. The gods are meaningless to me. When I die, my soul will turn into pure icy wind, and my consciousness will evaporate and eventually my story will be gone forever.

Fig: Yo, that is so metal.

Emily: I tip him.

Kristen: Hold on, what was that last part?

Basrar: Sorry?

Kristen: I'm gonna pray for you, for all of that stuff.

Basrar: My story...?

Kristen: “...story will be gone forever?”

Basrar: If you guys want any ice cream, you can come up to the counter!

Fabian: Thank you, Basrar!

Adaine: Thank you so much.

Riz: Thank you.

Basrar: Very good, okay.

Brennan: He heads back over.

Riz: What's his story, right?

Fabian: Yeah, right?

Adaine: So anyway, I don't know anything about crystals but maybe your AV club freaks will know something?

Riz: Maybe.

Fig: Can they hack these crystals?

Riz: Kristen, can you see if it's evil or something? Or it that's a friend that's in there.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah. I will cast... I have detect magic and I think I have -

Riz: Can you detect evil?

Kristen: Detect good and evil. Cool, yeah, I'll cast detect good and evil on this. Wait, didn't we already do that?

Adaine: I did detect magic and that's how I saw that the girl was trapped inside of it.

Riz: I think we just wanna make sure this isn't a demon person.

Adaine: Yeah, I would love to not let a demon person escape from a crystal

Kristen: Cool.

Adaine: Unless it's really fun.

Brennan: You go ahead cast detect good and evil on it. You detect neither alignment. The creature trapped within here, either is obscured from your magic's vision or it does not possess a powerful aura of either celestial or infernal magic.

Kristen: Hmm, okay.

Riz: So, it might just be a regular person.

Murph: Can I investigate it?

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Murph: Cool. That is a 23.

Brennan: You investigate it. It is a powerful piece of arcano-tech. It's been really banged up. Some powerful magic has occurred on this. You see that part of the scratching and fracturing of the crystal is what's keeping the soul inside here, if that makes sense. It's like a funhouse, right? So deep within all the cracks that have been created in the crystal, it's created something has almost more holding capacity. It's like when someone jailbreaks a phone or if somebody were to go in and like, but a magical version of that. Something's been done to this that has fucked with the original mechanisms that were supposed to keep the thing safe.

Fig: Yeah, we need that AV club.

Riz: So, we gotta get this person out. This might be one of the missing girls.

Fabian: Sure, and if that's the case, maybe we should, I don't know, give this to the police. Or someone more or better suited to handle this. We're going to give what, the possible soul of a girl to a bunch of nerds?

Riz: First of all -

Adaine: Why are you such a goody two-shoes?

Fabian: I'm not a goody two-shoes, I don't wanna: What are we doing? I mean, we're all currently in an ice cream shop, covered in blood, with the soul of a person.

Fig: Yeah, and we're gonna save it, presumably.

Brennan: You guys see that Bud, the dad of the halfling family speaks up and says,

Bud: Now, the problem with going to cops, of course -

Emily: Is he sitting at the table with us?

Brennan: You guys have forgotten that they're here, the whole halfling family that drove you here in the car. They're called the Cubbys. It's the Cubby family.

Murph: Very cute.

Brennan: Bud Cubby speaks up and says,

Bud: The problem, of course, that you go to cops is that there's just no counting on them to do the right thing. There's some good cops, of course, but most police are enforcing the status quo, right? And that's mostly gonna benefit the people who are already in power.

Fig: Have you had personal experience with this?

Brennan: You see that his wife, Daisy, speaks up and says,

Daisy: Oh yeah, for sure, for sure. Listen, ya know, people get a real bad rep from those police officers. Ya know, halflings don't get the worst of it 'cause we have that model minority thing goin' on but we certainly aren't. People say halflings have sticky fingers. We get looked at when little trinkets go missin' and stuff like that, so, you know.

Fig: Do you send your kids to school?

Daisy: Oh, sure.

Fig: Okay good, just checking.

Daisy: The whole family goes to Mumple. We're all Mumple people.

Fig: Oh, cool.

Adaine: Very great! Good for you. What do you do? What is your job?

Daisy: What do I do? Oh, I work as a waitress over at Krom's.

Adaine: That's great.

Fig: Oh, I live right near there. I'm in there a lot whenever I'm fighting with my mom.

Brennan: You see that they look at you, and make a sad face at each other and pat your arm. You see Bud says,

Bud: And I'm a postal worker. I work for the post office.

Fig: Interesting.

Fabian: Well, thank you.

Murph: Can I do an insight check just to make sure they're not secret demons or something? Oh, that's a what? That’s an 8.

Zac: I wanna make an insight, too.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it. Everyone go ahead and make it.

Zac: Oh, I got a 5.

Siobhan: I got a 19, plus 4.

Ally: I got a nat 1.

Brennan: You do not think that they are demons. You see Bud says,

Bud: The problem here is, of course, if you go to the cops, right, and you get a real snake, then all of a sudden he's gonna get his buddies on the inside. They're gonna hold that thin blue line there, and you're gonna be in whole heaping helping of trouble.

Fig: You guys are just so innocent in everything you're saying. It feels like it shouldn't come out of your mouth.

Brennan: You see that Bud and Daisy look at each other and say,

Daisy: Listen, we're law abiding citizens. We don't belong to the thieves guild. We're not any kind of nothin' to be worried.

Brennan: You see that Bud says,

Bud: Now, what you could do is you can make an anonymous call to the cops, right? You get one of them to show up and you bag 'em, right? Throw a sack over his head real quick.

Siobhan: I think it's cool that these halflings are anarcho-socialists. I think it's very cool.

Emily: Yeah, that's what I'm definitely sitting here thinking.

Fabian: Sorry, are you suggesting -

Bud: I'm not advocatin' that you kill a cop, alright?

Fig: Oh, lord, umm -

Bud: I'm not advocatin' that you put a pig down, I'm sayin', what you should do -

Fabian: H’okay! Alright, well -

Riz: My mother is a cop, good sir!

Bud: Alright, well, ya know.

Adaine: Thank you so much for these ice creams and for picking us on the side of the road.

Kristen: I kind of agree with you, though.

Brennan: You see, he looks over and he says,

Bud: Well, I hope you kiddos enjoyed the ice cream. That's on us, of course.

Fig: No, no, no no.

Brennan: Yeah, I'm sorry, I gotta insist, alright? You guys flipped that car, and I just want you to know that I'll be fucking dead in the ground before I say something to anybody, alright?

Riz: We appreciate that.

Emily: Can I do an insight check on my ice cream 'cause right now I feel like they might just a little cyanide capsule in there.

Murph: I think these guys are just ride or die.

Siobhan: Yeah, I think they're just ride or die, okay.

Adaine: If we ever need to go to the post office, sir, we will come to your window.

Fig: Yeah, actually, it's great to know because perhaps someday we might need someone who's connected like you.

Bud: That's for sure. Take it down from the inside. All right, later guys!

All: Bye!

Fig: Take it down from the inside? That was a wake-up call.

Gorgug: Well, I feel like the AV Club is maybe still the best bet.

Riz: Yeah, I think we wanna hang onto this because we don't want it to just get thrown in to evidence.

Adaine: Yes. Oh, Kristen, can you do a detect good and evil on this warlock switchblade that seems to have a lot of terrible-

Gorgug: It’s probably evil, right?

Fig: It's definitely evil. Here, I'll do a Detect Evil.

Emily: I grab it.

Fig: Yup, it's evil.

Adaine: Don't be such a bitch about it.
        
Fig: You're right, that was uncalled for. I'm sorry, man.

Kristen: That’s so funny.

Brennan: Did you do identify on the -? I think you only did identify on the -

Siobhan: Oh, yes, I only did it on the palimpsest.

Brennan: Gotcha, cool, cool, cool.

Ally: You should identify.

Siobhan: I'll cast: I will ritual cast Identify on the switchblade then.

Brennan: Cool, so you take 10 minutes to start examining through your little arcane runes.

Adaine: Don't steal my milkshake while I'm doing this.

Zac: I've already, I drank it right exactly as you -

Murph: I leave to go to the bathroom for a little while.

Brennan: You go to the bathroom. You come back. At the end of that ten minutes, you guys see that Adaine has looked down at the device and suddenly you hear,

Identify Spell: Ahh, yes, what we are looking at here is a switchblade comb!

You see that instead of a knife coming out, a little comb pops out.

Adaine: Oh, that's so much lamer.

Identify Spell: This is the phylactery of Johnny Spells, also known as a pact boon. This magical item serves as a symbol of the promise made between Johnny Spells and his benefactor, the demonic prince who granted him all of the power for his spell casting.

Adaine: Is there any way that we can destroy it without releasing the demonic powers within it? I don’t think that -

Fig: No, Adaine, ask who his benefactor is! It might be my dad.

Adaine: Who's the benefactor? Isn't your dad another tiefling? Why would you -

Fig: No, my dad's a demon.

Adaine: Oh, okay.

Fig: We don't know how high up the chain he goes.

Identify Spell: The benefactor of this particular warlock's pact was Gorthalax the Insatiable, a fallen angel, originally an angel of Sol, the sun god, who fell during the reign and fall of Kalvaxis, Emperor of the Red Waste.

Adaine: Oh, so it's one of yours.

Kristen: Whoa!

Riz: I didn't tell you guys this, but when I hid after the giant corn monster fight, some of the cops were looking at the crime scene and they were talking about how it wasn't arcane magic, that it was holy magic. That it must have been made by a fallen angel or something like that. So, this is all starting to add up.

Brennan: However, there would have certain taboos of behavior as a part of the pact made with Gorthalax the Insatiable, as well as a need to fulfill certain obligations in order to maintain a hold of the switchblade comb. This has been another use of the Identify spell.

Adaine: The Identify spell is the lamest person.

Kristen: Did it just almost plug its Instagram at the end?

Adaine: Yeah, pretty much.

Kristen: It looks like a weird slug.

Adaine: Wait, what was it that needed fed in? Can the Identify spell tell what had to be plugged into the switch comb, in order to keep it going?

Riz: Well, he couldn't fuck, right?

Adaine: Oh, he couldn't fuck!
        
Fabian: Clearly, he couldn't fuck! Okay!

Adaine: So, he's just a no fap guy? He's getting his power from no fap?

Riz: He's getting his power from no fap, but maybe it also has something to do with the missing girls 'cause they're all in his little black book.

Gorgug: He might have to offer up -

Fig: He offers up the women that he wants to sleep with. So he wants to sleep with the women and then he can't, 'cause he has to offer them as a sacrifice.

Adaine: That is so twisted.

Fig: I really hope Gorthalax isn't my daddy.

Kristen: I'm also no fap.

Adaine: Yeah, we know.

Fig: Yeah, it’s really obvious.

Fabian: We fully assumed as much.

Gorgug: Should we go?

Kristen: I just feels like I should -

Riz: Yeah, I guess.

Fabian: I mean, it's the middle of the night. Can we go? It's the AV Club.

Riz: Let's go to bed?

Gorgug: AV Club tomorrow.

Fabian: Yeah, first thing tomorrow.

Riz: I'll see you guys at the AV Club.

Fig: Cool, well, umm. Hey guys, like, look. I know I don't wear my heart on my sleeve. I know I'm hard to read. I'm like a locked book or whatever.

Kristen: No, we get it. You just have a lot of daddy issues and do a lot of rebel stuff.

Riz: Clearly obvious.

Fabian: You're very on the surface about it.
        
Zac: I'm listening from halfway, like the door is open.

Siobhan: One headphone on.

Fig: I just wanna say like, I thought you all fought really valiantly, and like, I was honored to drive down the highway of life with you. Okay, bye, that's enough.

Emily: I run away.

Brennan: From the soda fountain, you run as fast as you can?

Gorgug: “Highway of life?”

Riz: I was gonna say thank you and that I agreed and that I was glad we're friends but.

Gorgug: She's tearing off down the street.

Fabian: There she goes.

Riz: Gone, fast.

Brennan: You see Basrar comes over and says,

Basrar: So I hope that everything has been wonderful this evening. We will be closing up soon. I noticed that your friend sprinted out of the ice cream shop, so I hope everything is okay.

Adaine: Can I ask you a magical question? I don't want to impose.

Basrar: Certainly! You can ask me anything. I will do my best. I want you to know, though, that if you are going to ask for a wish, I can grant any wish you want. It just has to be ice cream, okay?

Adaine: Thank you, I've already had a lot of ice cream today.

Basrar: Okay. Some people get really upset when you can't do non ice cream things.

Adaine: What about if I wish for ice cream later, so that at a certain point -

Gorgug: I wanna do that, too. Just at some point in the next-

Adaine: - I just get an ice cream?

Basrar: If you'd like to wish for ice cream later at an undetermined time, yes, I can do that.

Adaine: Then I would like to wish for us all to get ice cream later at an undetermined time.

Basrar: You will all get ice cream later at an undetermined time.

Fig: Make sure I'm in on that!

Adaine: I said all of us.

Fig: Good, okay,

Emily: I'm not here.

Brennan: You see that a little of frosty magic comes and circles around you as you run down the street.

Fig: What the fuck? Is this what friendship feels like?

Adaine: Here's my secret. I was going to wish for ice cream anyway.

Basrar: That's very nice. I hope that's true.

Brennan: You see he whisks behind the bar, and you just hear deep sobs from the kitchen of the soda fountain. Cool. You guys head out? You guys head out. The next day you guys arrive back at school. It's day three.

Lou: Day 3 of school.

Murph: Meeting at the AV Club?

Zac: I'm certainly going.

Emily: Before we go in, I have a present for Gorgug.

Brennan: Cool. You're out on the steps. People are arriving that morning.

Fig: Hey, Gorgug, before we go in because you know I can't be seen with you.

Gorgug: Oh, I didn't know that.

Fig: No, remember. 'Cause I sold you out.

Gorgug: I guess I didn't think it meant you couldn't see me ever. Okay, what?

Fig: Right, yeah. Well, I just thought it was really cool that you, I feel like you look really scared. Don't be scared.

Gorgug: I'm not scared, I’m - Okay, go for it.

Fig: I just, you know, I liked that you were trying to sing. I think it's the right direction that your family members want you to sing to channel your rage. But I was thinking that maybe music is right, but the medium is wrong, so I got you some drumsticks.

Gorgug: Just drumsticks?

Fig: Yeah!

Gorgug: Just to sing songs?

Fig: No, I thought you could get into drumming.
        
Gorgug: Oh, okay, I never tried it.

Fig: There's no pressure.

Gorgug: Awesome.

Fig: I just wanted to give it to you, that's all.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Kristen: Maybe you should take a class or something.

Gorgug: All right, thank you.

Zac: I just keep walking like this.

Riz: You don't have to drum right now, man, you can just -

Kristen: You put 'em in your back pocket and it looks cool. You don’t have to hold them like this for people to know that you have ‘em.

Gorgug: I'll sit on them and I'll break 'em in half.

Gorgug: But I do have them. If they - Alright. But I do have them.

Brennan: You guys walk into the halls of the Adventuring Academy, here day three. You hear Vice Principal Goldenhoard come over the PA,

Goldenhoard: Welcome, welcome back to Day 3 here at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. Nobody died yesterday, so big plus, as far as we're concerned. Let's keep it going, gang, and everyone enjoy your classes.

Riz: We did murder someone, though.

Fabian: And a bunch of his friends.

Adaine: I can't believe we didn't get in trouble for that.

Fig: Oh yeah.

Adaine: We just crashed a car.

Brennan: You guys walk through the halls. Gorgug, you're going to your locker and you see that there is a young woman at the locker next to you. You see that she got sorta like hair like hanging bangs in front of her face, and she's got a weird sweater that's a little too big for her, and she's got goat legs and a little pair of horns that come up. You see that she opens a locker next to yours, looks up at you and goes,

Zelda: Oh, cool drumsticks.

Gorgug: I’m - thank you. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna learn to play sometime soon. So, I have 'em.

Zelda: Sick, that's cool. You're one of the six kids, who the freaky thing happened to, right? Rumor started that the six of you were in detention when that thing attacked.

Zac: Can I make an insight?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: 20!

Brennan: You have never guessed correctly when somebody likes you before, and you have some reason to believe that you might be a thimble-full cool to this person on this occasion.

Gorgug: I mean, yeah, I guess that was us. Yeah, it was kinda crazy, I guess.

Zac: I start trying to do my combination on my locker.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a sleight of hand check.

Zac: 4 plus 1.

Brennan: As you are talking about how cool you are, you cannot get the combination to your locker open.

Gorgug: Yeah, umm, pretty wild day that was.

Zelda: That's awesome. If you ever, I don't know, like. I am thinking about trying the barbarian class at some point but it seems, like, not for me, I don't know, or whatever.

Gorgug: Yeah? Well, okay. I uh, I was, I'm in a barbarian class. I'm a barbarian. Class.

Zelda: Really? Wow, that's awesome. I'm still figuring out kinda what I'm gonna be.

Gorgug: Totally.

Zelda: Are you having trouble with the -

Gorgug: I'm just playing with it.

Zac: Can I make a bluff check?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and make a bluff check.

Zac: What is that? Which one would that one be?

Emily: Deception.

Zac: Deception. Oh, just a 7.

Brennan: She looks at you and goes,

Zelda: Oh, rad! I play with a lot of locks too.

Gorgug: Yeah, it's just like being funny.

Brennan: You hear a voice behind you say,

Ragh: You know what's funny?

Brennan: And your head gets smashed into the locker.

Emily: Oh, god! Oh no!

Brennan: You take 9 points of damage and you see that Ragh Barkrock is behind you and goes,

Ragh: That's what you get you fuckin' freak! This kid's a fuckin' freak! Hangs out in the fuckin' parking lot and steals backpacks, dude! What do you fucking do? You jerk off in 'em, you fuckin' jerk off freak?

Gorgug: I don't do that.

Ragh: That's you, dude! That's what you're like.

Gorgug: I'm really mad but that's okay because this song is about being mad and that being fine.

Brennan: You see that Ragh trembles as he realizes that you just tried to sing at him and all of his bully neurons are firing. He's almost having a stroke as he realizes the opportunity that is presented to him, he looks at you and says,

Ragh: Did you just fuckin' sing at me dude?

Gorgug: I -

Ragh: This kid fuckin' -

Brennan: He grabs you. Woo-hoo! He grabs you and hurls you across the hall into the other lockers.

Ragh: This guy fuckin' sings when he gets his ass kicked, dude! He's like a fuckin' jack in the box, dude! You fuckin' hit him and he pops out and sings a fuckin' song!

Zac: Alright, I go into a real rage.

Brennan: You see that Ragh fully joins you and leaps. Go ahead and make an opposed athletics check.

Zac: Nat 20.

All: Ooh!

Brennan: What do you want to do to, well you're in a rage, so yeah, awesome, what do you want to do to Ragh as a result of that nat 20?

Siobhan: Use everything on him.

Zac: I'm just going to cartoonishly spin him around and throw him down the hallway.

Siobhan: Fuckin' pants him, dude.

Brennan: You fuckin' he goes fucking flying as a bunch of students gather around. He lands, ass over tea kettle, looks up, bloody nose, and he goes,

Ragh: This guy's a fuckin' freak. He fuckin' threw me down the hallway. This guy’s a fuckin' maniac.

Gorgug: Are you cryin'?

Ragh: Dude, this guy fuckin' sucks. Fuck you, dude!

Brennan: And he gets up, runs off down the hall. You see that, um, you look over. Go ahead and make an insight check for me again.

Zac: Oh, I got a 19.

Brennan: Zelda, not that you got her name yet, but the Zelda girl looks terrified and kind of backed up against the lockers.

Zac: Oh. Can I come out of my rage?

Brennan: Sure.

Zac: Okay.

Gorgug: Woo. I'm sorry. He made - I felt bad because he was being mean to me. I just kinda. Sometimes that happens, when you're a barbar - in the barbarian class.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a persuasion check for me.

Zac: That is only, oh, wait, nope. 0. 11.

Brennan: 11. You see that she goes,

Zelda: Sure, I get it. Um, later,

Brennan: and walks off down the hall.

Gorgug: Bye! Bye.

Brennan: The rest of you guys, what do you guys do with your day?

Murph: You guys wanna go to the AV Club?

Lou: Sounds like a plan.

Emily: Yeah, I'll come to the AV Club.

Siobhan: Sure.

Zac: Can I join them after AV Club?

Siobhan: I feel like socially, I'm in such a precarious position that I don't know if I do wanna go to the AV Club, but if the cool kids are going, I'll go.

Fabian: Don't worry. I'm going to stand outside of the door, take a little look-see. I don't want to be seen going into the AV Club.

Riz: It's pretty important that guys are in with the cool kids, so you two. The rest of us are doomed. Let's face it.

Fig: Then will you let me table top you in front of some cool kids?

Riz: Fine. Why don't you both be pretending to carry me and push me into lockers as we go to the the AV Club. I'll pretend to be a nerd.

Lou: Yes! Can I spin The Ball on my hand?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an athletics roll to spin The Ball.

Lou: 8.

Brennan: 8. You attempt to Harlem Globetrotters, get all the way around and Riz immediately falls off and faceplants on the ground. You guys basically just shame and humiliate Riz on your way to the AV Club. You all make your way there.

Fabian: It's important, it's important.

Fig: I’m so sorry, it's necessary.

Brennan: You get there basically on your lunch break.

Emily: Also, as we're walking, I'm yanking on lockers in case any of the locks are undone, so I can open them.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an investigate check.

Emily: That's gonna be a 19.

Brennan: A 19? Damn! You yank on a couple. You actually yank on one and you see that it is Penelope Everpetal's locker.

Fig: Oh shit.

Riz: Yup. We're gonna look in there.

Fig: Will you guys cover me? Because if she comes, I can't get into shit with her.

Riz: Do you wanna just throw me in her locker?

Fig: Yes, I will pretend to be doing that.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an investigate check?

Emily: Come on! I rolled a goddamn 1.

Brennan: Well, here's the thing. The place is pretty spotless. Penelope's locker is well groomed, organized. What you do see, that even a nat 1 will get you, is that there are a lot of pictures of her in here with her like, sort of like pastiched or collage, with her in a beautiful gown. Her in a thing of roses and flowers. Her with a crown on her head. There's a thing of Dane Blade's picture next to it and she's kissing him. You find one very old, little, crystalline, daguerrotype thing, pressed up against the back of the locker, which is a picture of her in braces, which does not fit with how stylish everything else is. And she's got an arm around Sam Nightingale, who's also middle school age in the picture. They both look like they're 10 or 11 years old.

Emily: Can I see if there's anybody else in the picture? Like if something's blocking it or anything, like it's in a collage?

Brennan: You are looking through to see if anything else is being blocked by it. You guys start hanging out in front of it. You see Penelope starts walking up to her locker.

Emily: Okay, I just loudly say to Fabian,

Fig: Shit, did you really see Johnny Spells outside earlier?

Fabian: I did see Johnny Spells outside. Penelope, Johnny Spells is outside right now.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a deception roll.

Emily: 16.

Lou: 11.

Brennan: Hold on. I'm gonna take a picture of what I just rolled, for later.

Emily: Is it a 20?

Murph: I hope it's 1 and not a 20. It’s one or the other.

Emily: I think a 1 is much more worth taking a picture of.

Zac: It's a classic 15.

Siobhan: Oh my god, such an interesting roll, a 15.

Lou: It's right in between.

Brennan: You see that she looks at you and says,

Penelope: Oh my god! Johnny Spells is outside right now?

Fig: Yeah! Like, some guy, er, we don't really know him. We saw some guy on a motorcycle.

Fabian: Yeah!

Penelope: Oh my god, thank you guys so much for telling me. I super appreciate it.

Brennan: You see that she turns tail and runs out the other hallway.

Fig: Knock, knock. Get out, get out, Riz.

Fabian: The Ball.

Fig: The Ball.

Murph: I try to if there's any false walls or anything in there.

Brennan: You got nothing, baby. That nat 1.

Murph: Okay. I get out.

Brennan: Cool, you duck out. I’m gonna need everyone here to make a wisdom saving throw.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Emily: Shit, why?

Zac: Am I there? Are we all there?

Siobhan: Ugh, 3, uh, wait, plus 2, 5.

Emily: 17!

Adaine: 9.

Lou: 12.

Murph: 10.

Lou: 12.

Siobhan: 5.

Zac: 13.

Brennan: Dope, that's it. We'll move on.

Siobhan: Shit.

Brennan: You guys head off down the hall towards the AV Club. You guys arrive there. Once again, arcano-tech, little beakers going. You guys see that Shellford, Skrank, and Biz are all here hangin' out.

Riz: What's up, boys!

Brennan: You see that Shellford turns and looks at you and goes,

Shellford: Pfft. Whatever.

Fig: Oh my god, he’s like, kind of cool.

Brennan: You see that Biz says,

Biz: Oh, guys, what's up! Welcome back! It's packed in here. That's nuts, dude. Oh, uh, Gorgug.

Gorgug: Yeah, hi.

Biz: Uh. Can I, Riz, can I just, like, level with you super quick?

Riz: Yeah, sure. What's up, man?

Biz: We kinda have, like, a rep here at the school, and if Gorgug's kinda hangin' around -

Lou: What did we do?

Emily: We destroyed - 

Gorgug: I’m excited to be here. This is exactly what I wanted to do, I think.

Biz: It's just kinda, like, maybe don't super bring him around all the time.

Gorgug: All this stuff is so cool.

Riz: I feel like he's kinda, I feel like, if anything, he actually might fit in real well with, like, us. Do you know what I mean?

Biz: Uhh, yeah, maybe, maybe he would? But also, like, one of the things is just like, AV, of the clubs at the school, we kinda have like a bad boy mystique that kinda feeds into us, 'cause it takes a lot of fucking skill to, like, work these machines, and people kinda look at that and they're like that's dope.

Riz: Right.

Biz: And if Gorgug's here he's kinda like a freaky weirdo who creeps on people and steals their stuff.

Riz: Here's the thing about Gorgug, though, he's got something really fucking cool that only me, you, and Gorgug can look at.

Brennan: You see that he looks over and goes,

Biz: Oh, okay. Yeah, if he's got dope stuff, yeah, we'll take a look.

Brennan: He says,

Biz: Can I show Shellford -

Gorgug: What is this? Okay.

Adaine: Shh.

Riz: I think it should probably just be us.

Emily: I'm gonna chill at the front of the door toward wherever they're hanging out, almost like a bouncer. So, if anyone else tries to come in, they gotta get past me.

Ally: I'm gonna go with you.

Emily: Sweet.

Ally: And I got a staff. And I'm just gonna put the staff sideways on the door.

Emily: And I'm just gonna play with a lighter.

Brennan: Awesome. So you see that you, Biz, and Gorgug go into a corner. Biz goes,

Biz: Hey, dude!

Gorgug: Hey.

Biz: Cool. So, my man, Riz here, tells me that you got some cool stuff to look at.

Gorgug: Yeah, totally. Hold on,

Zac: I pull out the puh-lip-sis. Puh-lip-sis?

Brennan: Palimpsest.

Siobhan: I cannot help -

Adaine: It is a palimpsest!

Ally: The ellipses!

Gorgug: I got a puh-lip-sis.

Adaine: It's a palimpsest.

Brennan: You see Biz looks at it and goes,

Biz: Holy moly. That thing's been beat to hell. What happened? What'd you guys do?

Riz: I think there's something inside of it and somebody's trying to make it more difficult for it to get out. Can you look at it and tell us what it is?

Biz: What, like data or something? There's some information, or memories, or dreams, or something put in there?

Riz: Gorgug thinks there's, like, a person in there.

Biz: What do you mean? Like a, like, like a prank? Like you guys pranked on somebody?

Gorgug: Maybe it's like a prank.

Biz: Okay, why don't we go over to the dark room and we'll just take a look.

Riz: Let's look at it.

Siobhan: I also get in there because I understand why this is happening to Gorgug, but also this is all of my work that Gorgug for some reason is getting the credit for and I worked really hard to get all of this information.

Zac: Thank you.

Brennan: You see Biz looks up at you. Biz has not really noticed you up until this moment, but as you try to muscle into the darkroom, he looks up and goes,

Biz: Oh, uh.

Brennan: And you see that he flies on little pixie wings and gets a little trilby hat. And puts it on his head and he goes,

Biz: M'lady.

Brennan: and bows.

Biz: I couldn't help but notice from your accoutrement, but you bear the visage and resemblance of a spell caster. Our birthright, you as a high elf, and myself as a pixie, would see us -

Adaine: No.

Biz: What?

Adaine: No.

Biz: Oh, “no”? “No” to -?

Adaine: No.

Gorgug: No to what?

Adaine: Just no.

Murph: I whisper in his ear.

Riz: It would really impress her if you figured out what was up with this crystal.

Biz: Dude, you are the number one wing man! You get it. Forgive me for being overly forward. As the poets say, the heart wants what looks good.

Siobhan: I just wanna cast so many shitty spells on this dude, and I'm not going to, because I know he can help us, but I'm so skeeved out.

Emily: You just have ray of sickness at your fingertip.

Siobhan: Oh, I'm holding it in.

Brennan: So the three of you go in to the darkroom with Biz. You two are at the door, which just leaves Fabian with Skrank and Shellford.

Lou: Can I just look over at Skrank?

Fabian: So. Do you eat worms?

Lou: Oh, god.

Skrank: Uh, no. I mean, do you?

Fabian: No, but, you know.

Skrank: What? Mostly, I wouldn't eat worms. I eat rabbits.

Fabian: Oh?

Skrank: But also just, like, pizza. You know, just food.

Fabian: Wow. Incredible.

Skrank: I'm, like, a full person, dude!

Fabian: Uh-huh.

Skrank: So, do you play, do you play sports?

Fabian: I do, yeah. Well, I should be. I could be. But they didn't - It's a sore subject.

Skrank: I play crystal sports.

Fabian: I'm sorry?

Skrank: I play, like, crystal sports.

Fabian: I'm sorry -

Skrank: I play crystal sports!

Fabian: Is that like a ball game? Do you throw a crystal around?

Skrank: Yeah! Well, no, you don't throw a crystal around. You throw a ball around in a crystal. So, it's all the strategy and tactics of, like, a real game! You know, like a sports game but it's on a crystal.

Fabian: Uh-huh. That sounds delightful.

Brennan: Shellford look up and goes,

Shellford: Uh... don't mind... Skrank... He... fuckin' sssucks.

Fabian: Oh, and you're what? Cool?

Shellford: Pfft… fucking... loser... dude.

Fabian: Who? Me, you? The birdman? Who are we talking about?

Brennan: We go back. Great, we're good.

Lou: We know what's going on here.

Brennan: We know what's going on here. We go back into the dark room, where Biz, Riz, Gorgug, and Adaine are gathered around. He takes a little brass clamp that goes around his four little hook, talon things that jam into the crystal. He turns on a little, weird centrifuge engine and this crystalline blue energy fills up the palimpsest. And you see a spectral form of Sam Nightingale, deep, deep within the crystal, reflected hundreds and hundreds of times over. Biz looks at it horrified and goes,

Biz: Oh my god! How did you guys get this? What did you guys do? I don't - I don’t want any -

Gorgug: What is it?

Brennan: You see he says,
 
Biz: Okay, look, there's -

He sort of like holds his eyebrow and goes,

Biz: So, okay. Every crystal, right, is logged with the Council of Chose, there's a special bureau that's dedicated to arcano-tech safety, right? So, every crystal is unique, right? There's a way to scry on it or find it, if people do stuff right. So, this has been turned into a palimpsest. All that stuff’s been scrubbed out. So a normal dream crystal's only capable of holding certain amounts of data or information, like textual information or it's able to run certain cantrips, or run certain spells that have certain applications, right. So, most of the companies that buy and sell crystals, they have very limited use, right, but the dream crystal in its natural state is capable of holding vastly more information than just sensory data, light, sound, things like that. A crystal can hold kind of anything. And I've never seen it fully developed or tested, but it appears that this crystal is holding a... a soul.

Adaine: Well, so how do we get her out?

Biz: Well, I know how to get music off of your mobile crystal onto your home crystal.

Adaine: So, you're useless? Is that what you're telling us? You're useless.

Biz: Sorry, uh, far from useless, m'lady. I could get her out. I could definitely get her out, if you, could, um.

Riz: Definitely. Just don't kill her, but yeah, if you get her out.

Biz: Well, that's the thing, is there's no, uh.

Riz: What do you think you could do to get her out?

Biz: I would need better equipment than what the school has.

Gorgug: What place has better equipment?

Riz: Than a high school AV Club?

Gorgug: I mean my parents might have something.

Biz: If you, look, I won't lie to you. I think I can figure out how to do this, but doing it here feels really dangerous. Also, whoever did this is extremely dangerous. You guys are not the ones who did it?

Adaine: No, no, no, no.

Biz: Okay, do you mind telling me if you're trying to enlist me in a covert operation?

Riz: Yes, you're our hacker.

Biz: Yes, dude! Fuckin' did it, dude, yes!

Gorgug: Yeah!

Adaine: Just to be clear, you're not in our adventuring party.

Biz: I'm a part of the team!

Adaine: You’re not a part of the team.

Riz: He's a hacker.

Biz: The seven of us versus the world!

Gorgug: Nice! All of us!

Biz: So, okay, so I'm like the man in the van, right? Like, I'm in your guy in the sky, kind of? Like I am in over here. We're like pow, pow, pow, pow, pow, like.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Biz: Dude, this so friggin' rules. This so friggin' rules, dude!

Riz: Right, okay. So, hacker, where do you think we can get equipment that would be better?

Biz: Uh, okay. I could get started with what I have. Although, I probably shouldn't do it on school property 'cause weird stuff's been happening at the school, right?

Adaine: Right.

Biz: So, I can get started with what I have. If you guys could talk to Gorgug's parents to see if they have any dream crystal equipment. I'm sure they do, they're tinkers right?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Biz: Basically, what I really need is a power source. I need a machine because I can do a lot of the processes but I don't have enough juice on my crystal at home. So any kind of power source you can get me is gonna be super helpful.

Adaine: What kind of a power source?

Biz: I don't know. Any kind of arcane power source, that is gonna be strong enough to let me run a lot of very complex operations. I can daisy chain a couple of crystals together, but at a certain point, I'm gonna blow the breaker at my parent's house and I'm gonna get in trouble.

Adaine: I mean, this might be too dangerous, but I do have this warlock switch comb.

Biz: Well, well, well, m'lady.

Adaine: Don't. If you call me m'lady one more time, I will make you vomit in front of the coolest girl in school.

Biz: Well, if you want to make me vomit in front of yourself, that's your prerogative.

Murph: That was pretty good.

Emily: I would say go for it at this point, right?

Brennan: You see he says,

Biz: Yeah, that has enough juice in it that I could at least get started. I don't know if it will mess with it or not. It's possible that -

Brennan: He looks at it and says,

Biz: Is that Johnny Spells' switch comb?

Riz: How do you know Johnny Spells?

Biz: He's been coming to this school and dating people for like the whole time I've been here.

Adaine: That's so creepy.

Biz: Yeah, he's not great. He's, like, a bad guy.

Riz: Yeah.

Gorgug: Um, I don’t know if -

Biz: And it's always, like, of course girls are gonna go for Johnny Spells 'cause he has a motorcycle and is super in shape, but like, there's nice guys who, honestly, have a lot to offer that they would like never -

Adaine: I mean - Oh, I hate that I'm gonna even tell you this but like I think that you feel like you have a lot to offer, and please take this the right way.

Biz: Sure.

Adaine: You don't.

Biz: Hard to see a great way to take that, if I'm being super honest.

Adaine: What are you doing to work on yourself to make yourself more interesting and attractive? Are you thinking that women should change themselves, and lower their standards, in order to date you? I'm saying this to you now because like I really think it will help you, even though it's very hurtful.

Emily: It's like Siobhan didn't say vicious mockery, but I think she's casting vicious mockery.

Brennan: You see he thinks for a second and goes,

Biz: Okay, uh. Well, I'll get started on doing this really dangerous thing for you guys. I guess I'll take the switch comb and palimpsest, and you guys just. I'm sorry.

Riz: I don't know if we should just leave these with you. I think there's dangerous people who are maybe after this.

Biz: Okay, do you guys -

Riz: So maybe we should meet up with you after school.

Biz: You guys hold on to it. Hand it off to me after school and I'll get started.

Adaine: I'm sorry. I didn't wanna hurt your feelings. I just didn't want you to kid yourself.

Riz: I think you would actually get along really well with, you have a sister, right?

Adaine: I do have an older sister. She's very mean. I'm the nice one. I don't think he would get along with my sister.

Biz: You're the nice one?

Adaine: I'm the nice one.

Biz: Well, that's the thing, I won't lie. I have been cut down a peg or two in this social interlocution, however -

Adaine: See, here's the thing. Saying “interlocution” instead of saying “conversation”? This is a part of the problem, dude.

Biz: Do you have anything else about me that you'd like to be different than how it is?

Adaine: I'm not saying that you need to be different. I'm saying that is what you want. A specific thing that... You know what? Thank you so much for doing this thing for us.

Riz: You're a hacker, man!

Biz: I'm the hacker, dude!

Riz: Never forget that. At the end of the day, you're a hacker.

Brennan: Cool. You guys out at the front, you see that Vice Principal Goldenhoard walks up to you guys, as you're hanging out.

Fig: Goldenrod!

Goldenhoard: Hm? Oh, Goldenhoard, Goldenhoard. Hello, you two. Are you in class right now? Or what's going on?

Fig: Nah, I'm cuttin' to get your attention.

Goldenhoard: Okay.

Kristen: What's going on here?

Goldenhoard: There's not a thing here! There's not a thing here, alright.

Emily: I put my combat boot way up, to tie my shoe, but it's kind of erotically positioned.

Goldenhoard: I can't tell whether you're trying to be inappropriate, or masquerading Doreen's final gift to you on this Earth in front of me, but either way, it's inappropriate.

Fig: Dude, I'm tying my shoes. Unless you're tryna take it there.

Kristen: What's going on here?

Goldenhoard: There's not - Bye, go to class!

Brennan: You see he scoots off down the hallway.

Ally: I'm reading a cool Christian book this whole time. It's Saxophone, Kit Kats, and Reflection.

Brennan: If you're looking, by the way, at the books that you guys got from the library, The People's History of Fallinel that you have been paging through. The crusaders of the Church of Sol committed countless atrocities against different elves, like wood elves that lived on the outskirts of the forest of the Nightmare King. There were invasions of Fallinel by soldiers of the sun. It is blowing your mind as you read it.

Ally: Yeah, cool, cool.

Emily: Can I also have been using this time, you know how we got detention slips in Goldenhoard's. Presumably, he wrote them, right?

Brennan: Yes.

Emily: Can I be practicing his handwriting?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely! Go ahead and give me a proficiency calligraphy check. It'll be like a dexterity check.

Emily: Dexterity, okay, dexterity. Okay, only 8.

Brennan: You’re, it's hard because he writes with a big claw hand, so, you’re, it's taking time to get it.

Emily: I'll keep at it.

Siobhan: It's chill dude. I have illusory script.

Emily: I know, but -

Lou: I'm also proficient in calligraphy.

Siobhan: Oh, you are?

Brennan: You guys leave the AV Club that day, end of school rolls around, and outside - You guys all hang around to meet up with Biz after school?

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: Yeah.

Fig: I mean, if we, so first off, I wanna put it out there, that that switchblade could be a connection to my dad, so I would prefer to go where the switchblade goes. I also think, in general, maybe the switchblade should be with me. Just putting it out there. I would love that. I'll leave it up to the group because, I don't know if I say this enough, but I really respect you guys.

Riz: Okay, just don't run away. We respect you also. Like, don’t run away just stay here.

Kristen: Yeah, you need to stay here.

Fabian: Just stay, stay, don't run.

Fig: Cool.

Emily: I stop running away.

Fig: But I would say that, if we're worried about someone coming after Biz, we could leave a couple thugs, myself included, to sort of stand guard.

Riz: I think we should go with Biz, wherever he goes.

Adaine: Yeah, I think so too. You need to go to your parents, though, to get the stuff.

Riz: Or should we just bring Biz to your house?

Adaine: Oh, yeah, maybe.

Gorgug: Well, is this a power source? I was confused, is the power source the -

Adaine: The power source situation.

Riz: Would your house have a good power source situation, like arcane -?

Adaine: We can't go to my house.

Riz: We could sneak around.

Adaine: I mean -

Riz: It'd be kinda fun.

Gorgug: Wait, I thought that the comb was a power source.

Brennan: You guys see that Biz walks up with a little trench coat and a different trilby that looks sort of more -

Fig: This is the guy you were talking about?

Fabian: We brought him into the fold?

Murph: Riz is learning so much about himself in this moment.

Adaine: I mean, look, we can go to my place but you guys have to sneak in the back, or up into a window.

Kristen: Do you have an extra whole house or something? I feel like -

Adaine: No, the house is just really big.

Biz: Well, well, well, well, well. Looks like our little clandestine meeting has arrived. Enchante, mademoiselle.

Gorgug: Enchante!

Siobhan: I look through my cantrips to see if there's anything that will shut him up.

Emily: I know! I'm trying not to say to do vicious mockery.

Biz: Do you have the parcel?

Riz: I think we're all gonna go together.

Biz: To my house?

Fig: Is that where we're doing it. I thought you need a power source.

Biz: I do need a power source. I hang out - Like, my mom lets me use the whole basement.

Fig: Okay.

Riz: Okay, should we go get a power source and then met him at his house?

Kristen: Yeah, or we have it, we have the switchblade.

Biz: This might take a couple days, guys. Just like as a heads up.

Kristen: Should we trade out shifts so someone is always with you?

Riz: My mom's gone all the time. I can just sleep at his house.

Biz: Yeah, dude! Sleep over, dude!

Riz: Yeah, that’d be - Aw, Jesus. 

Biz: That's awesome, dude, yes!

Fig: Great. It’s like, I wanna protect the items, but -

Emily: And I say this out of earshot of him.

Fig: But I don't want to protect him.

Brennan: He's standing right there.

Fig: Yeah, I don't know, man. You're not my vibe, I'm sure I'm not yours.

Biz: I understand. Listen in this game of shadows that us in the intelligence community play, trust is at a premium. I understand that.

Siobhan: I use message to cast to the other girls,

Adaine: Do not leave me alone with this dude, please.

Biz: So, very, very well.

Ally: I have an auto reply back that says, Have a blessed day, with a bunch of verses.

Emily: I have an auto reply back that's some really emo lyrics.

Biz: If I need to earn your trust, I understand that. You're more than welcome to come hang at my house. My mom always has snacks and we're pretty much good to go.

Fig: Cool. Another point of business. We got a phone number that we can call. Or a crystal number.

Riz: Why don't we meet this guy later?

Kristen: We have a burner, too.

Riz: Biz, why don't you get ready? We'll be in your basement.

Biz: I'll get ready. Do you guys wanna hold on to the stuff or do you guys want me to get started?

Adaine: You know what?

Riz: I think we’ll hold onto the stuff.

Adaine: We'll hold onto the stuff until we get to yours.

Biz: Okay, cool, dope, awesome.

Gorgug: We could just go to my house and try to find a power source.

Adaine: Yeah, let’s also -

Riz: Which of your houses would have it better, like gnomes or elves?

Adaine: I mean, I don't know of any specific power sources but I’m sure there’s something cool.

Zac: Is there something I could roll to see if I would know?

Emily: I think your parents are going to be more -

Murph: Yeah, like would we have any clue?

Siobhan: But your parents won’t like -

Brennan: Each of you guys roll an arcana check to see if you have something dope at your house.

Zac: I got a 3.

Siobhan: I got a 13.

Emily: Can I check for mine in case I have a cool power source for my amps or something like that?

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: Also 13.

Emily: 7.

Murph: I would assume my mom probably doesn't even have anything.

Brennan: Nah, you guys probably don't have anything. You guys, you're not sure. It's a weird question you guys have never considered it. It'd be like someone asking a high school student what's your fuse box like, in your basement? It's like, I don't fucking know.

Riz: Do you guys just wanna stop by both houses?

Gorgug: I'll go to my house. I know it'll be easy, at least, to go to my house.

Adaine: Yeah, your house, at least your parents will probably help you. My house, we'll have to sneak around.

Riz: Do we wanna go by Gorgug's, see what we can get, and then go from there?

Kristen: Cool.

Fig: Yeah, I think so. En route, should we call this mysterious number from this burner crystal?

Riz: Can you pretend to be Johnny Spells?

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You open the casing of the phone. Biz has already taken off. You open the casing of the phone. You turn the phone on. The phone has not been activated yet.

Fig: Okay, let's -

Riz: Let’s activate it.

Fig: Let’s activate it.

Brennan: It asks you to input the phone number and activation key.

Fig: It's gotta be the one that we haven't used. So let's just do that 'cause we might get messages on it.

Riz: Oh. Yeah, great.

Fig: So, let's do that.

Brennan: You activate the phone and immediately an unknown number, obviously, there's no contacts in the phone. It goes, ping! The text reads:

Page didn't work. We need another one. Can we organize a meetup?

Fig: “Page didn't work.”

Riz: Do we know a -

Kristen: Well, there was a page in the corn monster.

Fig: There was a page in the corn monster. We need another one. Okay, I'm gonna say yes. ‘Cause I also stole a bunch of his clothing, I could straight up disguise myself as Johnny Spells, be shrouded in shadow and meet up with this person.

Adaine: Yes. When you're texting back, make sure to use the word “daddy-o” a lot.

Fig: Yeah, I'm definitely going to. I'm gonna say things like “jive”. Uh, okay, “we need another one, can we meet up?”

Gorgug: Emojis that are, umm, like, saxophones and stuff.

Adaine: Oh, yeah.

Kristen: No.

Adaine: The dancing man?

Fig: Do we know the name of his motorcycle? 'Cause you have his motorcycle?

Fabian: I don't think it has, it didn't have a name.

Fig: Okay, I'm just gonna say I think that we should text back like, sure thing, daddy-o! what time jives for you?

Kristen: Great!

Adaine: Sounds just like him.

Fig: Also, and then I'll text, and be like - Oh, no, no, I'm not gonna say anything else.

Kristen: Don't do a double text.

Fig: Yeah, that's too thirsty.

Fabian: Looks needy.

Brennan: “sure thing, daddy-o. what time jives for you?” You get an immediate response back. ...aren't you dead?

Kristen: Fuck! I mean -

Emily: I don't - I don’t go anywhere near the keypad, so there's no dot dot dot to show I'm typing. Just gonna take a second.

Murph: Can we take pictures with this thing?

Siobhan: Screencap?

Emily: Can we take pictures with the crystal?

Brennan: Yeah, you can take pictures with it.

Kristen: Yeah, let's make you look like Johnny Spells.

Fig: I don't think I should disguise myself just yet. I should save it for if I meet up with them. Well, do we wanna lie and say?

Riz: Can we just say layin' low, for now?

Fabian: Yeah, things went awry, layin' low, something like that. Things got weird, layin' low, for now.

Kristen: What if we take an audio clip of you revving your new bike, to show that you're still alive.

Riz: That might be more obvious that we stole his bike.
        
Kristen: Oh, really?

Fabian: Good try, Kristen.

Kristen: Y’know?

Gorgug: Why wouldn't you just talk?

Kristen: I don't know.

Brennan: Go ahead, if you'd be so kind, and make a - This is so weird to do over text! Make a deception roll for me.

Emily: I should have fucking leveled that up. 16.

Brennan: 16. You get a response back that says,

Okay… So the person they buried at Cravencroft, that's not you?

Fig: Maybe I'll just say, like, fuck, should we say, like, I think we should just say, “I can't go into it now” or something like that.

Adaine: Yeah or like, “it takes more than a few high schoolers to defeat me,” or something.

Kristen: No, wait, wait, wait. They might not know it was high schoolers. That might give 'em a clue.

Fig: Okay.

Fabian: But I think you're on the right path.

Kristen: “I've crashed my bike before,” or like, y’know, like -
Fig: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Gorgug: What if you just said, "Tell ya later"?

Fabian: Yeah, yes, more vague, more ambiguous, yes.

Adaine: “Daddy-o, this story is wild.”

Riz: “Too much, we have a problem with Sam.”

Fig: Okay!

Daddy-o, too much for text. We have a problem with Sam.

Brennan: Make a deception check with advantage, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: Thank god. 20.

Brennan: Yes, very cool.

Murph: Nice.

Zac: Did you roll a 1 first?

Emily: No, it was a 4.

Brennan: The response you get back is,

No shit. Meetup at the pit instead of tea time.

Kristen: Oh. So we know it'll be a Friday.

Adaine: At ten.

Gorgug: At the Black Pit?

Fig: The pit instead of tea time.

Siobhan: I forgot to do my nat 20 roll.

Fig: What's a good jive response?

Gorgug: Just a saxophone.

Adaine: Yeah, just a picture of a saxophone.

Emily: I send a saxophone emoji.

Brennan: You just send him a pure saxophone emoji?

Murph: We die because of this.

Lou: 100%. The illusion traits are menial.

Emily: But also say, like, sweet.

Brennan: "Sweet," cool. Rad! That exchange ends. What do you guys do after that?

Murph: So this isn't tonight right?

Brennan: No, it's gonna be a couple weeks.

Murph: Oh, okay.

Gorgug: We could go to my house.

Adaine: Yeah, let's go to your house.

Murph: Yeah, we go to Gorgug’s house.

Adaine: Can we all pile on the back of your bike?

Lou: How many people can fit on the bike?

Brennan: Cool.

Adaine: Oh, you have your mom's car as well, or no?

Riz: I don't.

Brennan: No, no.

Emily: I definitely wanna go on the bike. Although, it's really funny when Riz goes on the bike 'cause the bike hates him.

Brennan: Also, it's a very recognizable bike, so, riding it around town -

Riz: Honestly, you didn't ride it to school, did you?

Fabian: Of course, I rode it to school.

Riz: What?!

Fabian: It's a motorcycle that drives itself.

Riz: Biz knew who Johnny Spells is!

Fabian: Okay.

Riz: Biz knows who Johnny Spells is!

Fabian: I added a pair of crossbones so it's very much my own.

Riz: Cool. Why don't you go ahead and drive that home and then meet us at Gorgug's.

Kristen: Hide it.

Fabian: I don't want to drive - Fine.

Brennan: You drive your bike home. As you drive it home, you see that your dad is having a bare knuckle boxing match with one of his employees, out in a little sand patio. He looks over at you riding up on the bike. He looks over, got his shirt off, his one eye patch. He pops his tricorn on. He's old as hell, but still buff and wiry. He looks over and goes,

Bill: Right lad, what's that treasure you've set yourself astride on?

Fabian: Well, Papa, I bested a man in combat and took it as spoils.

Bill: Be that then your first plunder?

Fabian: 'Tis, Father!

Bill: Oh, my boy!

Brennan: He picks you up.

Bill: My darling boy, ho! How'd you do it, how did you end the man? Whose things were yours all along, but he never knew?

Fabian: Papa, it was incredible. One of the other members of my party had tried to do an insane maneuver in the car that ended up in flipping. But me, because I'm so lithe and acrobatic, I jumped, landed perfectly, walked out into the center of the road. And then I aimed my crossbow right at his eyes as he rode at me on this motorcycle. And, ah, I heard your voice in my head. And it was just, I missed the first shot, completely. But the second one, dead on!

Bill: It's a flair for the dramatic, is what it is.

Fabian: Exactly!

Bill: Oh, I love it but you know, in my day we called it a crew, and not a party. Things change. I'm old now, I don't get it, I'm old. I don't get it anymore. It's fine, it's your time. It's your time to shine, and shine you will.

Fabian: Yes, Papa.

Bill: Brighter than the sun in the sky.

Fabian: Yes, Papa.

Bill: Everything in this word is yours, lad.

Fabian: Yes, Papa.

Bill: My beautiful boy. Well, what do you think? What do you think of the aesthetic here? Do we want it different? What do you want here?

Fabian: It actually would work out best, seeing as right now, it looks too much like the bike of that man and I need to make it my own.

Bill: Oh, you need to fence it, you need to launder it, do ya?

Fabian: But I was thinking, maybe I'd put a couple of crossbones on it. I mean, it already has the skull, maybe, change the color to red, y’know.

Bill: Do some crossbones? We can get that done, we can get that done!

Fabian: I was also thinking about naming it after your ship.

Bill: You'd like to name it after the Hangman?

Fabian: Yes.

Emily: What is the name of his ship?

Brennan: The Hangman.

Emily: Oh!

Fabian: I was thinking either Hangman, Jr. or The Second Hangman.

Brennan: He says,

Bill: The Hangman is fine, lad. Ain't no confusin' a motorcycle and a ship! Besides, The Hangman has her sailin' days behind her.

Zac: The Hang, never mind.

Ally: The Red Hymen.

Emily: The Red Hymen!

Bill: We'll get her done then, lad. We'll get her done. And we'll - I’ll - You've done me proud, lad. What are we thinking, colors and all that? You know what? I'll surprise ya, I'll surprise ya!

Fabian: Oh, thank you, Papa!

Bill: Skull and crossbones, that's my boy. Now how does this thing -

Brennan: And you see that the skull flares up and goes,

Hangman: Unhand me, I am my master's vessel.

You see that he goes,

Bill: Ahh, look at that! Seas be damned, boy. Oh, it's wonderful, it speaks!

Fabian: Yes, it does. It's possessed, Papa.

Bill: I'm possessed with pride for my son.

Fabian: Oh, Papa!

Bill: All right, I'll get this fixed up in a jiff. We'll finish the boxing match later, boys! Now, you come on back home then by tomorrow morning it'll be all spic and span for ya. Neat as a shiny new pen.

Fabian: Thank you, Papa. Actually, I need to go, I'm going to meet my friends. We're up to no good.

Bill: Oh, that's good. Now remember, friends are good, a crew is better. There is no one in this world more important than you. And if they ever cross you, you cross them first. You hear me?

Fabian: Yes, Papa.

Bill: All right, my sweet boy, let's get this motorcycle fixed up.

Brennan: He takes the motorcycle and walks off with it. He gets a car ordered for you to go to Gorgug's.

Emily: Your dad is gonna die. This motorcycle's gonna kill him.

Ally: Yeah, the second he takes a tool to it.

Lou: No, it's not, no it's not. Let's not even talk about that, all right?

Brennan: You guys arrive at the Thistlespring Tree where you see Digby and Wilma are tinkering out in this little opened worktable out in the yard. You see they look up at you guys approaching as you get out of the car.

Wilma: Well, bud.

Gorgug: Hey Mom, hey Dad.

Wilma: Well, what's going on, pal?

Gorgug: Uh, well, I -

Digby: Did you get banged up?

Brennan: They see this really big lump on your head.

Gorgug: Yeah, I hit my head on a locker 'cause a guy was, well, that guy pushed my head into the locker.

Wilma: Aw, bud. Are these social workers, or are they-

Gorgug: These are my friends.

Adaine: Uh, hello Mr. Thistlespring, Mrs. Thistlespring. My name is Adaine Abernant.

Brennan: You see that they look at each other and they both shake your hand with both little gnome hands wrapped around it.

Digby: Well, golly, we got a real elf! And look at that orb and that book! Are you a wizard, young lady?

Adaine: I am.

Wilma: Well, golly! How about it!

Adaine: Your parents are so cute.

Gorgug: I know.

Wilma: We’ll, let's get some tea, there's lemonade, we have pink lemonade, we have regular lemonade -

Gorgug: Uh, we actually, um, I don't know if we can hang out for super long.

Wilma: Sure.

Gorgug: But, Dad, I was gonna ask you, do you, would you -

Digby: Ants on a log!

Brennan: And you see they both run into the tree.

Fig: Oh shit, I love that shit, yes.

Gorgug: Ants on a log, do you know what's ants on a log? Okay.

Kristen: I actually brought some cornbread for everyone if you want some.

Gorgug: You brought cornbread?

Kristen: Mhm.

Riz: I don't wanna be near corn -

Kristen: Really?

Riz: Anymore.

Fabian: Yeah, we're actually good without corn.

Fig: Why do you bake your god?

Kristen: I - It's more of just like a form of worship.

Gorgug: Hey Dad.

Fig: Hm, okay.

Gorgug: Uh, Dad?

Digby: Yeah, bud?

Brennan: So they come out with a bunch of ants on a log, they have lemonades.

Wilma: You guys all take a seat, sit, sit, sit, sit, sit.

Gorgug: Okay, uh.

Adaine: Thank you so much.

Wilma: Now this is so exciting. Now you're all Gorgug's friends, now you all go to Aguefort?

Fabian: Yeah.

Kristen: Mm-hmm!

Riz: Yup.

Wilma: Wow!

Gorgug: We all met, you know.

Fig: I'm trying to start a band with Gorgug.

Gorgug: She gave me drumsticks.

Wilma: A band? Let me see 'em.

Fig: I thought it was super chill that you guys taught him to sing.

Digby: Well you know what, I play the gnomish horn, and I also play the ukulele.

Brennan: And you see they go get their instruments from inside. There's a bunch of instruments, they say,

Digby: We should, I'm gonna say it, because I think we're all thinking it. We should jam.

Fig: I wholeheartedly agree.

Emily: And I whip out my bass guitar -

Gorgug: Hey Dad, I gotta, I gotta unfortunately, we're looking for something that's like a power source. Do you have any kind of power sources?

Digby: I'll tell ya about a power source. This little kiddo, when he was growing up, growth spurt after growth spurt, he was popping up all over the place, his limbs going everywhere. We have pictures!

Brennan: And you see they rush inside.

Gorgug: Dad! Stop!

Adaine: So cute, I've never anybody as cute as your parents.

Fig: I love them.

Gorgug: Don't call my parents cute.

Adaine: They're so cute.

Brennan: They rush out with a huge album, of just like gnomish leaves in a little binder, and it's just pictures of Gorgug and them. He's like a baby, and he's as big as the two of them, and they've got their little arms around the giant half-orc baby.

Wilma: This is Gorgug, when we first found him, all right? Now he was, I'll tell ya, he was hungry, he was a hungry guy. I’ve never seen a baby eat raw meat, and he ate it up by the handful.

Gorgug: It's good, I still like raw meat.

Fabian: Mrs. Thistlespring, Fabian Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster.

Wilma: Fabian, nice to meet ya!

Fabian: We actually have a group project that we need to be working on for school -

Digby: Ah, look at this one. We're getting in the way of academics.

Brennan: You see he says,

Digby: Look at us, well, you're not gonna fail on our account, I'll tell ya that. What could we do to help?

Gorgug: We need that p - We need a power source? Do you have any sort of bigger power, like something that's -

Adaine: Like a magical power source.

Brennan: You watch both of these gnomes change from like, “exuberant that their son has friends” into project-focused gnomes, and you see that the dad says,

Digby: Okay, power source, talk to me, what are we talkin' about here, we're talking about some project? What are you trying to run, what kinda power source? For a spell, like a spell engine? You're talking about some kind of helix matrix? What are we talk -

Brennan: You see that they both start changing into curly pointed-toed shoes that are like work curly pointed shoes.

Fig: We're all taking a rogue elective class that's about breaking into people's phones.

Digby: Okay.

Fig: So we just need a power source that can, like, help us break into phones.

Digby: Power source.

Riz: Yeah, Adaine was gonna put me inside a phone, and then she had to get me out.

Adaine: Break him out, yeah.

Riz: After I was trapped in like a vessel.

Adaine: It's sort of a magical rogue situation.

Riz: Defensive magic type situation.

Adaine: Yeah.

Digby: Done, done, done, done, done. We got it!

Brennan: You see they both rush inside. They -

Adaine: Your parents are so nice, I'm so jealous.

Fig: I love them, and I'm -

Adaine: I love them. My parents are so mean.

Kristen: It's really hard for me to lie.

Fig: We gotta stop by my - We gotta stop by Gilear’s anyways.

Fabian: Then just be, just be quiet.

Gorgug: Eat these ants on a log.

Kristen: I'm gonna be just praying. Okay.

Fig: Just fill your mouth with cornbread.

Fabian: Are those actual insects?

Gorgug: No, it's raisins and peanut butter on celery.

Fabian: Oh, okay. Raisins -

Riz: You don't know what - You're so rich, you don't know what ants on a log are?

Fabian: I was like, this whole time I was like, are these people eating insects? I was like, God.

Adaine: No, no, no, it's like an hors d'oeuvres, it’s like an hors d’ouevres.

Fig: What do you snack on?

Riz: You're honestly a ridiculous person. You’re a ridiculous person.

Fig: What do you snack on?

Fabian: Kippers.

Gorgug: What are kippers?

Fabian: Kippers? What are kippers?

Gorgug: It's like a caper?

Fabian: No, no, no, no. Kipper.

Adaine: It's a smoked fish.

Fabian: It's a little, it’s a small fish, small fish, very expensive.

Riz: You get home and you have some fish and milk?

Fig: I think raisins and peanut butter is way less gross than fish.

Fabian: I'm sorry, what's a raisin?

Fig: Raisin, it's like a grape that got old.

Gorgug: That got tired.

Fabian: Why would you eat something like that?

Adaine: A tired, old grape?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: That sounds disgusting.

Fig: Like a grandma grape, it's like a grandma grape.

Adaine: Why are you making them sound so disgusting? They're good, just taste it.

Riz: Power source.

Adaine: Why are you being such a -

Riz: Do we have that power source?

Brennan: These gnomes rush out with like a bandolier of tiny crystals. They push a huge crystal in a big brass orrery. There's an astrolabe with a bunch of crystals in it. One of them walks out, and you see that there is this screaming fire elemental inside of a gilded orb, like, cage thing.

Fig: Oh, so you guys -

Digby: Now this would be like for an elemental engine -

Fig: Sorry, you guys did this?

Digby: Now you got this over here, this would be for more like a dream crystal thing.

Adaine: Oh, the dream crystal thing.

Digby: Okay, great, dream crystal we'll put -

Brennan: You see they sorta kick the orb with the screaming elemental in it, so it rolls away a little bit.

Adaine: Is that okay, is he okay?

Gorgug: He's fine. I play with him all the time.

Wilma: Oh yeah, he's fine, he's in there. All right, so, now, what we got here is a -

Brennan: You see they pick up big thing, this just huge spinning crystal. You see that it's in multiple stages, like cylindrical stage that are spinning in different directions, and hovering in the middle of a rune silver disk. And you see that Wilma puts her little finger up under the point as it's hovering, and lifts it, the whole giant thing up as it floats, and lifts it over to you, Adaine.

Wilma: There we go. Now, it doesn't take much to move that thing around. I recommend, if you attach things to it, try to move that around with Mage Hand rather than using your finger.

Fig: So you guys know how to put people in crystals, so you could just help us.

Wilma: What?

Gorgug: They, we don't want to -

Kristen: I'm gonna pray.

Gorgug: It's partly for - Because it's for school, I don't think we should.

Fig: Oh, you're right.

Riz: Yeah, that would be cheating.

Fig: That would be cheating.

Wilma: We're not gonna get you guys in trouble by helping you out with this, are we?

Gorgug: Nah.

Adaine: No, no, no, no.

Gorgug: We gotta take this to our friend's house though. We're doing the project at a friend's house.

Wilma: Okay, well, glad to be of help, if you guys want to come back here, we got sleeping bags out, we can get some popcorn, we can get some other snacks and stuff.

Fig: Also rain check on that jam session.

Siobhan: I'm like so sad inside because I'm just realizing that other people's parents are like really nice to them.

Zac: I'm mortified. I stand up too fast and I hit this like, I knock a light off the ceiling or something like that.

Brennan: Bam, clang, light comes down.

Gorgug: Ow.

Brennan: It puts like a Rube Goldberg machine into effect -

        Gorgug: Ahh.

Brennan: And some eggs start cooking.

Wilma: Oh, looks like it's early breakfast! But that's okay, you guys up for some eggs?
        
Adaine: I would love to.

Fig: Yeah.

Gorgug: We gotta go.

Adaine: Oh, you're right.

Riz: Yeah, I think we need to go.

Wilma: Okay, okay.

Brennan: You guys head away from the Thistlespring tree.

Ally: I hold their shoulder and go,

Kristen: I'm sorry.

Wilma: What for? You didn't do anything wrong, sweetheart. Okay, you guys come back,

Brennan: And you see that as you guys are getting back into this little ordered car, you see they both look at you, Gorgug, and go,

Thistesprings: Good job, kiddo, they're great, your friends are great. Good job, bud!

Gorgug: Thank you.

Brennan: And you guys take off in the car, you guys arrive at Biz's house. Very cookie-cutter, little ticky tacky house, suburban house. You see that it is crazy on the inside though, because pixies have moved into a human-sized house, so the furniture is all like, multiple-level, there's like a double decker, the living room is like a loft, which is like a separate balcony living room above the main living room. So it's just this insane, 'cause Biz is again, about a foot and a half, two feet tall. So the house looks insane.

Emily: I forgot that was like, that the guy who was harassing you was -

Murph: So are all these guys gonna have to like, crawl?

Brennan: Yeah, you guys get there, you ring the doorbell, you see that Biz's mom answers, you see she goes,

Bubble: Uh, hello? Can I help you guys?

Riz: Uh, I'm Riz, I believe your son Biz is expecting us?

Bubble: Oh my gosh, okay. Biz! Biz! Biz!

Kristen: I just feel that we don't always have to lie to them.

Bubble: He's downstairs, one second. I’m Bubble.

Kristen: Hi, Bubble!

Adaine: Hello, Bubble, it's so nice to meet you.

Riz: Hi, Bubble.

Fig: You seem like, you definitely seem like a Bubble.

Fabian: Bubble?

Kristen: Is that singular?

Bubble: No shoes, okay, no shoes, okay, no shoes.

Fabian: You're not gonna steal them, are you?

Bubble: Beg your pardon?

Kristen: Oh, God.

Fabian: You're not gonna steal my shoes?

Riz: What are you doing?

Fig: Fabian, you’re so bad with other people.

Siobhan: I use Mage Hand to throw him.

Brennan: You see that she goes -

Murph: I just take - I take Fabian’s shoes off. I do steal his shoes. Can I steal his shoes?

Brennan: Try it, man. Go for it.

Ally: What?

Brennan: Nat 1!

Murph: What am I doing!?

Lou: Exactly.

Brennan: You step right on his hand as he's doing -

Fabian: The fuck are you doing, The Ball? Away!

Riz: Just take your shoes off.

Fabian: Away from my - I'll take my shoes off, but I don't want people stealing them.

Brennan: Biz comes up, sees -

Emily: Can I just untie my shoelaces?

Brennan: Yes.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Biz comes up, sees the huge crystal you guys are carrying, goes,

Biz: Oh boy. That'll do it, that'll do it. You wanna bring that 'round to the backyard, and I'll hook it in through the basement?

Gorgug: We should go around back?

Biz: Yeah, you just wanna scoot around, because I don't think you can super fit. Do you wanna like hunker down? I don't want, if anyone drives by, I don't necessarily want them to see that you're here.

Emily: Can I sorta case the joint?

Adaine: Why are you so mean to our friend?

Gorgug: What, he's not being mean, he just doesn't want people see us -

Adaine: He is being really mean. See, this is what I’m talking about -

Emily: While this is happening, can I sorta case the joint? I want to make sure no one's spying on us, following us, or anything like that.

Brennan: Make a perception check.

Emily: Okay, But, like a really full 12.

Lou: A full 12. Like a whole 12.

Brennan: Yeah, you don't notice anything out of the ordinary. He says,

Biz: I'm sorry, all right? But if you want to move that around out back, I'll plug it in through, and I'll take a look at it.

Adaine: But like, you know this is what I'm talking about, right? Like, you think that you're a nice guy, but you've been so consistently really mean to my friend?

Gorgug: Wait, are you being mean to me?

Adaine: Yeah, he's being really. You're cute.

Biz: Wait a minute, that's not true, I've only been mean to people that I could be mean to and not catch shit for it.

Adaine: Yeah, you hear what you're saying, right?

Biz: That didn't sound great as I said it, I heard it as I said it, and realized that that was bad.

Adaine: Like, people are dunking on you, and so you're dunking on the people below you?

Riz: Just, no dunking, just overall.

Kristen: No dunk zone.

Adaine: No dunk zone.

Fig: Within this room, we have like a no dunk policy.

Biz: I'm, dude, I dunked on him, I slam dunked him.

Gorgug: You slam dunked on me?
        
Biz: I slam dunked on ya.

Gorgug: I had no idea.

Adaine: It's okay, man.

Gorgug: Okay.

Adaine: It’s okay.

Biz: Okay, you go around that side, I'll hook it in. Riz, if you wanna come in, you're good, everyone else, you're free to come in, it's like you might break some stuff, so if you don't want to come in, you don't have to. But -

Emily: I'll be on bouncer duty again.

Murph: Anyone want to watch the crystal?

Emily: I'm just gonna pace.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'll watch the crystal.

Emily: I'm gonna pace around the house like a German Shepherd and just scare anyone away.

Murph: I'd like to come inside.

Brennan: Okay, you come on in. You guys come inside -

Emily: But I'm like full infernal mode.

Brennan: Biz takes it downstairs, hooks the crystal up to this little brass wire, he goes,

Biz: Great, do you have the palimpsest?

Siobhan: I shout down from the window

Adaine: I have the palimpsest.

Biz: Well, mademoiselle, if I may, can I please have the -

Adaine: Do you think mademoiselle is better than m'lady? It's not.

Biz: I'm sorry, I -

Kristen: Wow, she's really trying to fix him. Everything's a project with her.

Brennan: He takes the palimpsest, snaps it in. Gonna make some rolls real quick.

Lou: Oof, his faces.

Brennan: As he starts doing the crystal, you guys see a little and a little smoke pops out of the palimpsest, and he goes,

Biz: Uh… Okay. Okay. I need to be a lot more careful -

Fabian: Well then do so!

Gorgug: What happened?

Kristen: What happened?

Biz: I messed something up a little bit. It's fine.

Zac: Can we do an insight check to see if he's -

Murph: Yeah, how bad is it?

Brennan: Yeah, do an insight check.

Ally: 9.

Siobhan: 14.

Murph: I got a 15.

Zac: I got a 20. But not nat.

Brennan: 20? He is mortified. There's a real threat to Sam if he fucks something up.

Siobhan: His next roll, can I give him my 16?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: My portent?

Brennan: Mm-hm. You give him the 16, he goes in, looks like he fixes something and says -

Zac: Can we give him help?

Brennan: Yeah, you guys can help him, yeah.

Murph: Yeah. How can I help you, Biz?

Brennan: He looks at it and says,

Biz: Here is the deal. Looking at this, there's a lot of danger here for Sam. I can, I think I can get her out. It's just going to take a while. If I do it fast, there's a chance it could go wrong. If I take my time, it's a certainty, right? Everything that is a potential for disaster, is me trying to rush it. Does that make sense?

All: Yeah.

Kristen: We have some passes, right, from, uh -

Fig: Oh, bardic inspiration?

Kristen: Or no, like the hall passes.

Adaine: I can write us a hall pass.

Kristen: Can we just like get you out of school tomorrow and work on this like non-stop?

Biz: Yeah, awesome.

Emily: Can I also just, I'm just gonna come in from outside, I'm gonna head back out there and continue pacing like a German Shepherd, but real quick, bardic inspiration.

Brennan: You see he says,

Biz: Thank you so much.

Fig: Okay, it's nothing, it's nothing.

Kristen: Why did you wink though?

Fabian: She also -

Fig: It’s how I do -

Fabian: She also winked at me, you see. I was like, oh wow.

Gorgug: I thought the same thing.

Fabian: Oh, did you now? Okay.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead, guys, and we're going to move through a little period of downtime. You guys effectively get Biz set up, you guys forge some hall passes. He leaves school pretty much every day or every other day to the point so he doesn't fail, to go home and work on getting Sam out of the palimpsest, but events happen, you guys get to third level, where you're taking classes, you're learning stuff at the school, weeks pass. It's pretty uneventful. Aguefort Adventuring Academy starts working, you guys start taking some more classes. You're learning your skills and things like that. You take your trip that first Saturday with your mom to Cravencroft Cemetery to see your dad.

Siobhan: When you're there, you should look for Johnny Spells's grave and see if there's any shit on there.

Murph: Cool, can I?

Brennan: Do a little investigate check.

Murph: Oh boy, I’ve not been rolling well today. Two nat 1’s. And a 14? 14.

Brennan: You see that there are, other than the footprints that were originally around Johnny Spells, you see that there's some fresh graves of him and the greaser that got buried here, there are some fresh tracks that look like they visited a couple of times. You do a sketch of the make and model of the shoe. You go ahead and put that in your inventory. They're like big chunky combat boots, are the shoe print, but it looks like hardly any, like they hadn't made that much of an imprint, if that makes sense.

Murph: Interesting. Would I be able to tell if they were tiefling, or, do they seem?

Brennan: Not on that investigate check, but you know that it was a big boot that didn't make a big impression.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: Dope. It gets to be the last Friday of the month. It's tea time, gang.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: You guys arrive at the Black Pit. Brick walls, you guys hear the thumping music from inside. This is downtown, this is in the seedy, across the river area, there's a lot going on down here. You see that there's huge bouncer, this big human, kinda barbarian-looking dude. Thick beard, kinda rugged, he's got a short sword and a long sword. He's hanging at the door, there's a line behind a ratty velvet rope. The Black Pit is a music venue with multiple stages, there's multiple rooms going on, different bands play here. The Black Pit is a divey, nasty, scary kinda place.

Siobhan: I'm very, very scared but I don't want to show it, but I am showing it.

Kristen: It is pretty scary in there, but my church actually comes here a lot 'cause this is a major hub for sex trafficking, so -

Fig: Sex trafficking?

Riz: Wow, Jesus.

Kristen: Yeah, a couple of the other kids in the youth group normally come here to talk to people.

Fig: I've come here to so many concerts, I can't believe that there's sex trafficking happening.

Kristen: Oh really? Oh yeah, it's actually all over, it's an epidemic. So we just come here and we wear a block dot on our hands and then people know that they can talk to us. I've actually saved like a lot of lives. My church does a lot of good things, we're pretty plugged in with things that are wrong with society.

Fabian: Mhm, mhm, yeah, yeah. Uh-huh, yeah, of course.

Riz: Wow.

Kristen: If you guys wanna join the prayer chain -

Fabian: Yeah.

Fig: So, anyway -

Kristen: It still appears in the -

Riz: Are we going in, or -

Fig: I think, so here's my thought. I think that it would be awesome if we could all get in there somehow, but I think that we should, rather than me disguising myself as Johnny Spells and being in there, that's gonna attract too much attention. I think we should go in there, text them and say, "Hey, I'm almost at the Pit, are you here?" And then we can potentially listen for the text to be received, and then be like, "Cool, since everyone thinks I'm dead, I can't go in. Do you want to meet me out back?" And then we'll meet him out back.

Fabian: Cool, I like that.

Riz: That’s a good idea.

Kristen: Great. Then we can control the lighting.

Riz: Yes, great.

Fig: Yeah, that's true, we can control the lighting, and my disguise will be a little less obvious.

Riz: Do we wanna case the joint real quick? Like do a quick wrap around?

Emily: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah.

Emily: Let's survey it.

Murph: Can I do a little sneak-sneak?

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and make a stealth and investigation, if you'd like.

Murph: Okay. That's a 23 on stealth.

Brennan: Dope.

Murph: And a 11 on investigation.

Zac: Did you reroll your daily things?

Siobhan: Yeah, I did.

Brennan: 11 on investigation, cool. So investigation proves the Black Pit is in a huge row of what were once warehouses and things like that, so the Black Pit doesn't have alleyways to either side and it's a huge long harbor yard block before there's another intersection and then it goes all the way out. And there is no courtyard or backdoor. In other words, it's part of just a huge concrete block. The Black Pit might only have the one front entrance from what you're investigating. It seems like one of those fire hazard fucked up no license places that's just -

Lou: Got it.

Siobhan: Does it have a roof?

Emily: So there's no alleys?

Brennan: No alleys that you guys can see.

Gorgug: Let's just check out what inside looks like and come back outside in a couple of minutes.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: Great.

Adaine: Yeah, let's.

Brennan: You guys get in line.

Fabian: Ooh. No, no, no, can we approach the bouncer?

Riz: You're gonna get us thrown out.

Brennan: You approach the bouncer, big bearded guy that's got red tawny beard, got this stuff over sort of black leather duster, he's got this enormous fucking wolf dog thing chewing on a bone, he's scratching its head.

Bouncer: Hey brother, how's it going man, how you doin'?

Fabian: I'm well. Fabian Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster.

Bouncer: Okay, man.

Brennan: And he starts checking the list.

Fabian: We're probably not on there. How much for me and my friends to go inside?

Brennan: Go ahead and make a persuasion check, if you'd be so kind.

Lou: 7.

Bouncer: How much for you and your friends to go inside?

Brennan: He says,

Bouncer: I don't know, dude, how much for you to eat my crusty hairy asshole out here, in the middle of the fucking street? You rich motherfuckers come down here, fuckin'. How old are you?

Fabian: Does it matter?

Bouncer: Yeah, legally.

Fabian: 23.

Bouncer: You're 23 years old?

Fabian: Yes, I'm 23 years old.

Bouncer: You're 23 years old?

Fabian: Yes, I'm 23 years old.

Brennan: Make a deception check

Lou: 18.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Bouncer: Jesus, you look like a fuckin' baby. Dude, you need some living done, you know what I mean? You need to go out there and get some living done, dude.

Fig: That's what we're trying to do tonight.

Fabian: Yeah, exactly.

Bouncer: Well, okay, get in the fuckin' line, all right? You wanna go in, you get in the fuckin' line.

Fig: Dude, we're just, honestly, honestly, he's got a lot of, fuck, I'm friends with him, he's a rich idiot, and I'm trying to get you a little something to keep your pocket warm.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a persuasion check.

Emily: 19.

Bouncer: Look, I appreciate it, all right. Look, and these guys, I don't get paid dick.

Fig: I know, I'm a bouncer too.

Brennan: Make a deception check for me, please!

Lou: What?

Emily: I got a 24!

Brennan: You see he looks up at you and goes, he goes,

Bouncer: Oh shit, you're a bouncer too? Wait, you don't bounce here, do you?

Emily: “Nah, I bounce at, um, or bounce with...“

Murph: The mall. The mall.

Emily: This isn't happening in real time.

        Fig: I bounce, I bounce at -

Zac: On that side of the river?

Fig: Uh, uh, the Doom Fort.

Bouncer: Oh, you're here from the Doom Fort? Oh, you guys are just visiting!

Fig: Yeah, that's right.

Bouncer: Oh shit, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to give you a fuckin' hard time, dude.

Fabian: Oh, okay, thanks.

Bouncer: Dude, Elmville, things work a little differently, do you understand what I'm saying?

Fabian: Oh, okay, thank you.

Bouncer: Ah, you get it.

Fig: I bounce at a metal bar.

Bouncer: Rad, you know fuckin' Pete?

Fig: No, I don't know him.

Bouncer: You don't know Pete?

Fig: Did Pete say that he works there?

Bouncer: Yeah, Pete told me that he worked there.

Fig: Dude, I don't, Pete does not work there.

Bouncer: Dude, he's fuckin' full of shit, dude.

Fig: Fucking humiliating. That's fuckin' humiliating.

Kristen: I'm here to look for people who are caught in sex trafficking. My -

Bouncer: All right, you guys head on in. You guys all head on in. You guys just head on in.

Kristen: Does anybody else?

Fig: No, I'm good, I'm good.

Kristen: You have to go to the depths of the depths to find them -

Bouncer: Hey, brother, help me out on your way in, what do you say?

Fabian: 75?

Bouncer: Yeah, that'll do it.

Riz: That's an insane amount of money.

Gorgug: You’ll just give - you don't even like that guy.

Riz: That would, like, pay my rent for so long. Can you just buy my apartment?

Kristen: Is that your money?

Brennan: You see that this guy looks up, and you see -

Fig: See, I was trying to -

Brennan: He looks down at Fig, he says,

Bouncer: Sister, you just saved my fuckin' ass. Let me tell ya something.

Brennan: You see he pets the dog -

Fig: You know what, one bouncer to another.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Bouncer: Rover, Rover, we're taking you to the vet, buddy!

Fig, Gorgug, and Adaine: Aww!

Fabian: Why are we aww-ing? I paid for that dog to go to the vet, it's a good thing.

Gorgug: Yeah, we were aww-ing, it's a good aww.

Brennan: You guys see -

Emily: Can I give one of my bardic inspirations to the dog?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely -

Ally: No, no! This is how we were before the corn episode,

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: And the corn babies kicked our ass.

Lou: This is very reminiscent of the corn.

Emily: If he had an episode, I need to know that he's got an extra D6.

Ally: No. Remember Adaine used all her spells before we got into combat -

Emily: This is -

Siobhan: That was worth it and I don't regret it.

Emily: I will not regret this.

Zac: Worth it?

Siobhan: Yes.

Lou: Two people died. 
Emily: I hope -

Brennan: You guys move through the Black Pit, you come in, there's a little merch table, you see that all the merch up at the merch table right as you come in through the door is for DJ Brainzz! And you see that there's this weird undead fuckin' DJ, there's a bunch of mix tapes and T-shirts and swag all over the fuckin' merch table.

Fig: I just start ranting about how no one makes music anymore.

Brennan: There's also a band here called the Screwy Louis that are playing in what they call the Moon Room. You see that you walk past a coat check area. Through there, there's like a little pool room, with, there's people playing pool. There's a whiskey bar. You guys are very aware that there are adults here. They are drinking, and it's scary. You go on to the next room and you see a bunch of humans and half-elves and half-orcs, and there's a band, the Screwy Louis band, with mohawk and crazy hair, just, just like scary, and they're just quarreling and hitting each other in this crazy mosh pit.

Emily: I can't help it, I go mosh.

Kristen: No, Fig!

Brennan: You jump in, go ahead and give me an athletics check.

Emily: Oh shit. 11.

Brennan: You take 3 points of damage. As you do it, though, you see that this big dude with a leather jacket with a ton of patches and it's torn up, gotta big red mohawk, looks like this sort of half-elf dude. He's the one who slugs you for 3 points of damage, and as he looks over at you, he goes,

Big Dude: Oh hell yeah, I haven't seen you before, what's your deal?

Zac: After he just punched you.

Fig: I'm a bouncer from -

Zac: Doom Fort.

Fig: I'm a bouncer from Doom Fort, and you just fuckin' punched me.

Big Dude: Ah right.

Fig: You better have some kind of healing on you.

Brennan: You see he says,

Big Dude: You know what, they have great healing here. Hey, let's get this chick a drink, huh, you and your friends?

Fig: Yeah, please.

Kristen: Oh yeah, can I have one drink that looks alcoholic but isn't?

Brennan: You guys go into the next room where he: It gets like a little bit more transient in the next room. You get away from the punk vibe and there's more of this.

Lou: So this place is huge.

Brennan: Huge, multiple rooms, venues, stages.

Lou: Got it.

Brennan: And there's a big long bar, like U-shaped bar. There's weird mood lighting, you see people making out at booths or at side tables nearby.

Lou: Ew.

Brennan: You see that there are, there's a huge picture of what looks like a very dark sangria that someone's pouring something into. You order your drink, you see that the guy who slugged you comes with another person, goes,

Big Dude: Hey, the name's Marrow. How's it going?

Fig: It's good.

Brennan: He says,

Marrow: Sorry for slugging you there. Here,

Brennan: And you see that he puts the drink in front of you and raises up a little shot glass himself.

Fig: I don't usually accept drinks from strangers.

Emily: Can I do like a perception check or something?

Brennan: Yeah, sure, go for it.

Emily: 15?

Brennan: The bartender poured it right in front of you.

Emily: Mm, this seems like a bad idea. Is it a shot?

Brennan: It's a shot, yeah.

Emily: Okay, I try, I do a thing where I look like I'm, I turn, I'm like,

Fig: Thanks so much, dude.

Emily: And then I throw it over my shoulder.

Zac: It hits me in the face.

Emily: Or I throw the thing over so it looks like I chugged it.

Brennan: Give me a slight of hand.

Emily: Oh! That's gonna be 22!

Brennan: It's gone, so he goes,

Marrow: Ooh, yeah! That's the good shit, all right. Yeah, you're a little bad ass, aren't ya?

Fig: Uh.

Brennan: You see he says,

Marrow: All right. I'm gonna get back in there.

Brennan: The bartender serving you says,

Bartender: What would you like?

Kristen: I would like a, uh, can you do something that has a lime in it so it looks like I'm not judging anyone, but I'm not drinking.

Brennan: You see that the bartender says,

Bartender: Okay.

Brennan: You hear a voice right behind you say,

Voice: Cute.

Brennan: You turn around, there is a young woman, very strong-looking, broad shoulder, she's got hiking jean shorts and a shredded up T-shirt with the sleeves cut off that has a three wolf moon shirt on it, and a little bit of hair in the middle of her eyebrows. She's got the side shave and a short flop of hair to one side.

Ally: It's Cameron Esposito.

Brennan: But very muscular and hikey kinda looking. You see that she looks over at you and says,

Tracker: No alcohol?

Kristen: Oh, no, I've known a lot of alcoholics, I do a lot of outreach, so, I just don't drink.

Tracker: Yeah, I can see it, you got your bible shirt on at a bar.

Kristen: Yeah. Ah, never mind.

Brennan: You see that she looks over and says,

Tracker: Listen, I don't like to get into it when I'm out drinking, but I fuckin' hate this band, and my friends are all fuckin' dancing to it, so, you know that like, that book is like, full of contradictions, right?

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, you know what? I'll be the first to say it, as a believer, I embrace the contradictions and I'm reading a lot about the atrocities that my people committed, it's been a nightmare. I actually met God and he sucked.

Brennan: You see she looks at you and, make an insight check.

Ally: Ooh, nat 1, baby!

Brennan: You have no idea what's going on with this person. She looks at you and goes,

Tracker: That's incredible. What do you mean you met God?

Kristen: I was able to meet God, I asked him why there was suffering in the world that he supposedly created, and he said, "Catch ya later," and uh, it sucked. But you know what? I'm gonna stick with this one until I find the next one. You don't let go of a vine until you're holding on to another one, especially when it's this important to you.

Brennan: You see she says,

Tracker: That's the exact question I asked that made my parents throw me out.

Kristen: What?

Tracker: I asked, something really terrible happened to me, and, at least I thought it was terrible at the time, but it ended up being like one of the best things that ever happened to me, and I asked my parents why Sol would let that happen, and they kicked me out of the house.

Kristen: Oh my God. What happened? You don't have to share with me. By the way, I'm Kristen Applebees.

Brennan: You see she takes your hand, kisses it, and goes,

Tracker: I'm Tracker.

Kristen: Oh, hi Tracker. You have some marker on your lips now. This wasn't a permanent marker, all I had was dry-erase.

Brennan: You see she looks at you and says,

Tracker: Um, this is crazy, do you want to like, grab a drink here? It doesn't have to be alcoholic, and like, go just like talk somewhere?

Kristen: Of course, I'm always down to talk to a new person about God.

Brennan: She says,

Tracker: We could talk about God, or like, each other.

Kristen: Oh cool, yeah, God is in us all.

Brennan: She walks away with you, goes. What do the rest of you guys do? You see there's one final room you guys have not gone into past the bar -

Emily: I do want to quick ask the bartender what was that drink that he gave me?

Brennan: You see, uh -

Emily: I say, hey, what gender is the bartender?

Brennan: A woman.

Fig: Hey, that guy just bought me a drink. I didn't trust it, I did the old throw-it-over-my-shoulder instead of drinking it. What was it that he bought me? Was it safe?

Brennan: You see she looks at you and says,

Bartender: Yeah, I'm pretty certain you're safe.

Fig: What did he get me?

Bartender: I think he got you sangria and whisky.

Fig: Okay. Thanks.

Bartender: Yeah, no worries.

Siobhan: I'm just being buffeted by everybody, and I'm just kinda standing there, overwhelmed by everything.

Murph: Should we see if there's somewhere that -

Adaine: I would just like to find somewhere that's quieter?

Murph: Should we investigate and see if there's a room that they would meet?

Adaine: Yeah, great.

Murph: Can we kinda case the joint from the inside?

Brennan: Give me an Investigate check.

Murph: Cool.

Siobhan: 11.

Murph: I have a plus 6, and I haven't beaten a 9 today. And it's not gonna be now.

Siobhan: I also got an 11.

Emily: I got a 19.

Brennan: 19? You guys spread out and start investigating. Where do you guys think you are investigating? Do you guys, like who's near the front, who's in the middle two rooms, and who goes into that final back room?

Murph: I want to go into that back room.

Brennan: Back room.

Zac: I'll go with you.

Brennan: Back room. Cool, Gorgug and Riz go into the back room.

Siobhan: I'm just trying to honestly find somewhere quiet. Like I'm looking for people who seem shady, but everybody here seems shady to me.

Brennan: Cool, I think you might go near the front or something. The room farthest from where the band’s playing are really the quietest.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: And then.

Emily: I guess I'll go with them, to that back room.

Brennan: Cool, um -

Lou: Front.

Brennan: Front? Cool, two in the front, and then you're in the middle talking to Tracker.

Ally: Yeah, on a nat 1, exactly how I was when I was religious.

Brennan: Tracker, by the way, immediately puts a hand on your knee -

Ally: Oh yeah, for sure, and again, nat 1, just like, god, they must really want to know.

Brennan: All about God. You three go to the back room. You guys see a huge dance floor with another bar over in the corner, some are VIP, big stage where DJ Brainzz is up there, who's like this rail-thin guy that's up there, and go ahead, the three of you who are in the back room, make a perception check for me.

Murph: Okay, let's roll something okay.

Zac: I got an 8.

Emily: 11.

Murph: A 5.

Siobhan: 11.

Brennan: 11. What'd you get?

Zac: I got an 8.

Brennan: 8, you guys look around, you're gonna have to go deeper into the room to notice something.

Murph: Let's, can I be sneaky?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and throw.

Ally: Hey!

Murph: Nat 20.

Emily: Whoo!

Brennan: You are invisible, baby! You are invisible.

Ally: You should go up to the pool table.

Siobhan: So many cool people dancing.

Brennan: I'm gonna say you get all the way up to the other bar, nearer to the stage, you look out into the dance floor and see Zayn Darkshadow, who was the kid who knocked the book out of your hand on day one, this like goth elf kid who has a little rat on his shoulder and has created a light cantrip and is just like rave, moving around, dancing, he's just getting way into it. You see that on his feet are a pair of giant combat boots.

Emily: Okay. Can I, can I see him? Can I see him? This guy?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Emily: I would like to turn the crystal on silent, and then text "omw" and see if anyone looks at their phone.

Brennan: You text that, I'm going to need everyone here to make a perception check for me. Only those in the back room.

Emily: 18.

Zac: 11.

Murph: 9.

Brennan: 18, you look through the dance floor, and as you send it, Zayn's pocket lights up.

Emily: Okay. I mean, I just, I think I just look at you guys and I go.

Murph: Should we, okay, I want to sneak back and join them.

Brennan: As you are about to sneak back and join them, you guys see that the DJ switches the track. And you hear one of those old dubstep things where it goes like,

DJ Brainzz: Well, everybody, now that we're all up and about, it's time to rage!

Cut over to the middle room, Tracker is talking to you, and she says,

Tracker: There's just like a lot that I feel like losing faith shakes up in you, but it also has so much to offer you, and you can see things that you didn't see before, and you can feel things that maybe you didn't let yourself feel before.

Kristen: Well, yeah, that's so interesting. I feel like, you know, sometimes I take a break from praying for four hours every night, and that's like every Tuesday, and with those four hours, I just end up doing great work.

Brennan: She leans forward and kisses you on the mouth.

Kristen: Ah! Oh! Actually, I don't kiss, um.

Brennan: You see that she suddenly goes, she goes to you and says,

Tracker: I-I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry -

Kristen: No, I'm sorry!

Tracker: No, I freaked out and - 

Brennan: Looking throughout the bar, you see all over, people hit the deck, their clothes rend as their bodies start to change. You see that one of the people making out in the corner goes, as two fangs come out of their head, and I'm going to need everybody here to roll initiative.

Emily: We gotta take out that DJ, we gotta take out that DJ.

Brennan: The beat drops, all of you draw weapons, and we'll start this battle next time on Fantasy High!

[EPISODE6]

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Fantasy High. Last week our intrepid heroes were deep in the Black Pit, Elmville's number one music venue. All the assorted patrons of the bar and club have just burst forward into their true monstrous forms. Vampires, werewolves, zombies, now spread out across the dance floor in the various rooms and venues and our heroes are scattered and in disarray. Here we see the board before us. DJ Brainzz at the turntables, two massive, pulsing amps behind him, Zayn Darkshadow raving it up on the floor, Riz hiding behind the bar stool, Fig and Gorgug hanging back in the dance hall, looking on, having just seen the phone or crystal in Zayn's pocket light up, being texted from Johnny Spells’ burner. In this bar area, we have Kristen Applebees talking about faith and getting a romantic proposition from a young woman who has just freaked the fuck out and turned into a ravening werewolf, and as far from the music as possible, are two most patrician party members, Adaine and Fabian, in the whiskey bar area, as far from the music as they can get. We leap into combat, the first to act as the noise, boom.“Rage!” You see over the pool table, Fabian, the guy across from the other player goes,

Guy: You cheater!

Brennan: And his body starts to transform, you are the first to act.

Lou: Now are they transforming, things are about to get violent, it's clearly a fight, or -

Brennan: You see from that and you begin to hear the screams from the other part of the room, but your lightning fast reflexes afford you the ability to do something -

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Based on whether or not you think something bad is about to happen.

Lou: I think something bad's about to happen, I turn to Adaine and I say,

Fabian: We need to find everyone.

Lou: And I take off toward the back room.

Brennan: Awesome.

Lou: I would plan on dashing, if anything.

Brennan: You take your move, so that's gonna be, one, two, three, you have used 15 feet of movement. This room is filled with people hulking out into werewolves. So this was the mosh pit from earlier.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Marrow, the particular - the werewolf that bought the drink is over by the pool table here.

Emily: That's the guy that bought me a drink?

Brennan: That's the guy that bought you a drink, who slugged you in the face.

Emily: Fuck him up, I don't trust him.

Brennan: You've used 15 feet of movement, you have another 15 feet left, but you see this room, you look through the window here, go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Lou: 14.

Brennan: 14. You see DJ Brainzz. You do not see Riz, who is more hidden than he's ever been. You see DJ Brainzz, and you see, Zayn Darkshadow, all the way through, because he's got these weird, glowing rave things around.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: You have the rest of your movement left, you can of course, use a dash action if you want as well.

Lou: Ah, I need to wait for Adaine. Can I dodge?

Brennan: Yes, do you want to stay in the door and not use any of your movement? Use your dodge action?

Lou: I guess I'll move to more, along the wall I guess.

Brennan: Okay. You use your dodge action, so you move three more spaces here and you guys see that the quickest to act after Fabian are a group of people that you thought were just gothy, or didn't get out much and you now see, are clearly vampires. This tall vampire with an open trench coat grabs the person to his left, sinks his fangs into her neck, and exsanguinates her completely. Goes, and she drops lifeless to the ground as he says,

Sasha: Sasha, Lord of Whispers, calls for the blood hunt!

Ally: Daddy.

Emily: “Daddy.”

Brennan: This vampire is going to make perception roll and starts running straight for you, Fig. Other vampires are going to act as well, it's going to be -

Lou: Can you see you?

Ally: Yeah, I'm in the corner.

Brennan: This is going, well - One of the vampires from the pinball machine, rushes, grabs a young woman at the bar and begins to exsanguinate. The rest of our vampires go. It just turns into a total feeding frenzy over here and you see, Kristen, that one of the vampires attacks you. What is your armor class currently?

Ally: 18.

Brennan: 18.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You take 9 points of damage as the vampire slashes across your face.

Zac: Ooh!

Brennan: And goes,

Vampire: Little human girl, you look nice and warm.

Brennan: Oh, it's now Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: Shit. Well, all I've seen is this werewolf guy turning. Do I know what phase of the moon it is? As a wizard, is that a thing, that I would -

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Great. Ooh, 11.

Brennan: You know it's not the full moon.

Siobhan: Okay. Shit. I would like to run as close to this bouncer as I can get, with a disengage action.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: So, hopefully nobody attacks me.

Brennan: Okay, yeah. Go ahead and move, disengage means you can only move six squares, if you take a dash action, you can move 12.

Siobhan: Oh, then I will take a dash action. 12.

Brennan: Rad, you run as fast as you can, sprinting towards the exit. Now, the zombies are going to go.

Siobhan: Zombies, Jesus Christ!

Emily: There’s zombies, vampires, and werewolves. Are there any, just innocent bystanders?

Murph: I think - we saw people getting eaten.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: This man at the bar, it’s so sad, he looks like -

Lou: He looks like such a sweetie.

Emily: He's definitely here because he's -

Zac: He's got a book under his arm.

Emily: He's in a fight with his wife.

Zac: Oh, no!

Lou: Oh, no.

Brennan: I mean, just clubbed to death.

Emily: What?

Brennan: With their, there's not even hitting with their fists, they're hitting with the, like, just the forearm, crack his skull wide open.

Ally: To eat his brains?

Brennan: One, two, three.

Zac: Oh shit, they're coming at you. Are both of them?

Brennan: Yeah, it looks like they're coming at both of you guys.

Murph: Fabian, hurry.

Brennan: They're going to take some swings at ya. That's going to be three zombies on Fig, what's your AC?

Emily: 12.

Brennan: 12? Okay, that's going to be 12 points of damage to you.

Zac: Jesus. Damn.

Brennan: And Gorgug, what’s yours?

Zac: It's 13.

Brennan: One hits you for 3 points of damage. Bam. Riz, that's you.

Murph: DJ looks okay with all this?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Insight check.

Murph: 19.

Brennan: As the music spins you see the glamor on the DJ's face changes. The DJ has a rotting necrotic face, covered by a paltry illusion. Just a, a zombie. A fully, undead necrotic DJ.

Murph: Cool. I'm going to run up on stage.

Brennan: Rad, you're going to take your movement to get up there.

Murph: Yep. Then I'm going to try to - Actually, I will use my Insightful Fighting -

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: To see if I could get Sneak Attack on him.

Brennan: And it’s versus his Deception.

Murph: Yeah. It's my Insight versus Deception.

Brennan: 12.

Murph: Nat 1. Brennan. Nat 1. God damn it.

Emily: Get some new dice, my dude.

Ally: Fuck!

Zac: Get some new dice, dude!

Murph: I will just swing -

Zac: Throw that dice away.

Murph: With a rapier. And that's pretty good, that's a 20 to hit.

Brennan: 20 hits.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Murph: Okay. 11.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Murph: And I’m also gonna use Fury of the Small to do another 3 damage to him, so 14.

Brennan: 14 points of damage?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Woo!

Emily: Fury of The Ball.

Murph: Fury of The Ball.

Siobhan: Fury of The Ball!

Brennan: You run up on stage and hit him through this rotting, pustule of green bile. Squirts out of this side of him, and he reaches out onto the turntable and goes,

DJ Brainzz: O-o-oh, no.

Brennan: You see that, that is Riz's turn. Zayn goes one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.

Emily: Let him run.

Brennan: That's going to be Gorgug.

Emily: That's fine, we'll see him at school.

Lou: Yeah, we'll find him at school.

Zac: I'm going -

Ally: There is no exit though, right? Sorry.

Zac: I'm gonna go into a rage, Gorgug thinks about taking his time, but it's just too much. He just goes into a rage.

Brennan: Oh, ah, not to mention, the song is particularly infecting.

Ally: I think it was yelling “Rage” at one point. Rage, Gorgug, rage!

Zac: I'm going to attack this one with - I'm going to use Frenzy and attack, well, I'm going to attack that person and then use Frenzy on another. Okay, so. Sheesh. That's only a 13.

Emily: I mean she's wearing no armor.

Brennan: 13 for a zombie hits.

Zac: Good, okay.

Emily: Yes!

Zac: Phew, okay so that would be D12, plus 5, that's 6, 11.

Brennan: Badly injured, so that's your action, you, wa! Hack into it.

Zac: Okay, well, I'll just use frenzy and attack it again.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: That hits, and then that'll be, 8.

Brennan: 8 points of damage, that's 19. This zombie is fucked up. As you whop! Whop!

Emily: No! She's still standing?

Ally: Fuck.

Zac: Yeesh.

Brennan: As you lay into this zombie with your ax, that is now going to be -

Zac: We're going to front pants him.

Emily: I know, I think we need to disengage.

Brennan: You guys don't have anyone in this room anymore, but I know what's happening. This poor soul is leapt on by these two.

Zac: God, Daniel Boone?

Lou: The Daniel Boone.

Ally: Poor Daniel Boone. That's how we win, did you know that?

Lou: Whoa, what's that other guy?

Zac: There's guy dressed exactly like you, but a werewolf.

Siobhan: What a copycat.

Emily: Weird!

Lou: Who's the dude with the helmet?

Brennan: The dude with the helmet is just a partier, in a fucking shredded tank top, who, he was here with a helmet before.

Lou: Okay, great. And is he coming for me?

Brennan: He's got a big anarchy sign on the side of the helmet and he's coming for you, he looks over,

Helmet Dude: Hey man, this ain't your scene.

Brennan: These guys have disadvantage to hit. What's your armor class, my man?

Lou: 18.

Brennan: That's a miss, that's a miss, that's a miss, that's a miss.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You, as this guy’s just try to get their claws on you.

Helmet Dude: Come on, man!

Fabian: Ha ha!

Brennan: This werewolf turns around, leaps over the table at this vampire.

Murph: Whoa.

Zac: Oh okay, good to know.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Takes some swings, and partially mauls that vampire. As the vampire shrieks out in pain.

Ally: Oh.

Emily: Yeah, fuck each other up.

Ally: Yeah maybe we could hide.

Brennan: You see that Tracker turns to the vampire that attacked you.

Ally: Romantic.

Brennan: And leaps on her, scratching her eyes out with her claws. 

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: That's going to be, Kristen.

Ally: Okay, cool, then I'm going to run and jump up on the bar.

Brennan: Sure, if you'd like.

Ally: Cool, I'm just going to try and get as close to this door as I can.

Brennan: Cool, that's going to be an acrobatics check to get up on that.

Ally: Yeah, I will. You know how well this goes. 18, cool.

Brennan: Oh hell yeah -

Ally: Oh wait, what's my Acrobatics? Minus 3, so 15.

Brennan: 15 will do it.

Murph: Oh, great. Good thing you didn’t -

Brennan: You rush past, you're gonna get an attack of opportunity here from the one vampire off to your side.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: He's gonna go, hits you with the claws for another, 6, 9 points of damage.

Ally: Damn.

Brennan: So Kristen, how far would you like to run?

Ally: As far as I can.

Brennan: Okay you're taking a dash action?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: So that's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.

Siobhan: Yeah, what's up with that dude?

Brennan: There's a portly looking, red-winged, demon guy -

Emily: Was he like that before?

Brennan: Yeah, oh he was like that before, he's got like a green shirt on that says Got Souls?

Emily: So he didn't get, he's not a bad guy in this -

Ally: Is he the devil?

Brennan: You don't, as you rush past, give me an insight check as you rush past him.

Emily: “Daddy?”

Ally: Insight, ah, nat 1!

Murph: What’s with this side of the table?

Brennan: Kristen, this guy is here to help you.

Ally: Great. Alright cool, I would like to cast Spiritual Weapon.

Brennan: That's a bonus action, dope.

Ally: Cool, it takes the shape of a giant, holy corn. It's a giant ear of corn, it looks exactly like the corn cuties but good.

Brennan: Dope. Who would you like to attack with this corn.

Ally: Can it enter the next room?

Brennan: You can't see the next room, so you couldn't order it, you can like, basically cast in the next room so that on the next round it'll be there waiting for you.

Ally: Cool, yeah I'll do that I'll cast it into the room that I run up to. Sick.

Brennan: So in that room a big, fucking, glowing corncob appears, floating in the air. That is now going to be -

Emily: I see it and try to fight it.

Fig: The corn cuties! They’re back.

Brennan: The humans start freaking out and running for the exit. These guys start pouring out of the door here.

Ally: This guy!

Lou: That man had no business in this place.

Ally: Also with a book, this is killing me.

Zac: A lot of people just bringing books to the concert.

Siobhan: “A couple of hours to kill, I'll just go hang out at this bar.”

Emily: “There's a DJ, I'll bring my book.”

Zac: These humans are on stage?

Brennan: Yeah, these guys, this guy is dead. These guys straight up start fleeing, run off stage.

Emily: Cowards.

Zac: He brings his drums.

Brennan: Drummer is dead.

Emily: Cowards. You guys don't live your aesthetic.

Murph: That is going to -

Brennan: This guy is behind the bar.

Zac: Is this a human?

Siobhan: He's just very focused on playing.

Brennan: Yes, he starts, there's a werewolf there, he runs into and hates his choice. This guy jumps off and flies over the bar.

Emily: Cutie! Daddy?

Zac: Is that a person over, over here?

Siobhan: She's the coat check person?

Lou: Coat check.

Brennan: Coat check, doesn't know anything, he hears yelling but that's normal.

Emily: He's just like, as people are fleeing, being like, you have your coat here?

Ally: Tickets? Tickets?

Emily: Tickets.

Brennan: That is now going to be Fig.

Emily: Can I just flip over Gorgug to hide behind him?

Brennan: You want to flip over Gorgug to hide behind him? Okay, you can actually, you could take a disengage and move through Gorgug's space, for sure.

Emily: Okay, but do I have to take a disengage, can I just use my action to go underneath Gorgug's legs and hide behind him?

Brennan: You can take your move action to move through Gorgug, but they will get attacks of opportunity on you, unless you take the disengage action.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna take that disengage then, so I'm gonna go disengage and go behind Gorgug, and I guess maybe, ah fuck, that guy's gonna -

Brennan: You can go farther if you want, because it's two squares movement to go through Gorgug, if you want to go further back you can.

Emily: I do want to move, way further back, I just, I guess I'm going to go way back into the corner as far as I can.

Lou: Close to the corner.

Emily: But then, my, even though I use disengage, can I at least use Bardic Inspiration, because that's a bonus action?

Brennan: Yeah, you can do that.

Emily: You got a little Bardic Inspiration.

Gorgug: What is that about?

Emily: Yeah, that's my turn, for now.

Brennan: Awesome I'm gonna go ahead and need Riz to make a Wisdom saving throw.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Murph: 18.

Brennan: Ooh baby, you see DJ Brainzz goes,

DJ Brainzz: Now all the good little children always try to lose their minds!

Brennan: And you feel the music vibrating your bones and and try to rob you of your sanity, but you hold strong.

Ally: Whoa.

Brennan: You are yourself still.

Murph: I just hate house music so much. It's like, fuck this guy.

Brennan: That is now going to be, back to Fabian.

Lou: Alright. How breakable does that glass look?

Brennan: Honestly dude? Pretty breakable.

Emily: Yeah!

Lou: Okay, hell yeah, I'm gonna Action Surge to disengage from these two dudes.

Murph: Oh nice.

Lou: Then dash through this window right here.

Emily: Sick.

Ally: Past the sad devil dad.

Brennan: That's 100% rules.

Emily: Be careful, watch out for my dad.

Brennan: Dude that's 100% rules. Cool, so you didn't use your actions series, disengage, no attacks of opportunity, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, you have four squares of movement left, for using the dash action as well, go ahead and give me an athletics check to smash that window.

Emily: Hell yes!

Lou: 22.

Brennan: You fucking, like a, fucking gazelle just, protect your face, right into the shoulder, glass doesn't even remain on your clothes as you're through the other side. You have four squares of movement left. How do you want to use it?

Lou: I think I got eyes on my main man, Riz, so can I vault the bar?

Brennan: Absolutely, go ahead and just give me another Acrobatics check real quickly.

Lou: 24.

Brennan: You are well and truly behind the bar, so you through the window, no glass on you, and are behind the bar.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Having used your move.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Brennan: That window by the way is broken.

Murph: Sweet, that’s helpful for everyone.

Brennan: The vampires are going to go now.

Zac: Aww, come on.

Ally: Whoa, swords.

Zac: It's going right through that beam of light?

Brennan: It is going through that beam of light. These two turn here, vampires, these guys swarm over here.

Lou: God damn.

Zac: Killing people.

Ally: Fuck.

Lou: This is a blood bath.

Siobhan: Literally!

Emily: More werewolves fighting vampires.

Brennan: I'm going to need, Kristen, what's your armor class again?

Ally: 18.

Brennan: 18. A vampire leaps up on the bar and says,

Vampire: Where you going, don't you want to get to know me?

Brennan: And your halo glows brighter.

Kristen: I don't yet, not for five years.

Brennan: Hell yeah. These two vampires, start going to work on this werewolf. Their attacks do literally nothing, you see them connecting with the werewolf and punching it, this guy behind Gorgug is going to start swinging at him.

Zac: I've had my eyes on this two-sworded man for a while.

Brennan: What's your AC again dude?

Zac: It is 13.

Brennan: 13, that's going to be, 9 points of damage to you.

Zac: Halved?

Brennan: Halved, yes.

Zac: So 4 or 5?

Brennan: I believe it's rounded down.

Murph: It's rounded down.

Brennan: Rounded down. So 4 points of damage, as he slashes you with a bright, silvery katana, and shouts out,

Sasha: Maltasia, go get the silver weaponry as fast as you can, it looks like the dogs have gotten out of their kennel.

Emily: Oh my god.

Zac: I hate you so much.

Emily: Why do we fight the most erotic villains?

Lou: They're so sexy.

Brennan: These guys both join in on Tracker over here.

Lou: I'm so sorry.

Brennan: You guys see.

Emily: Dude, I don't think she was right for you.

Ally: I don't know who's right for me.

Emily: I feel that.

Brennan: That is now going to be Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: I'm gonna run out and like, yell to the coat check, and then yell outside,

Adaine: This is bad, it's bad, it's bad, vampires, there's werewolves, I don't know what -

Brennan: You run out to yell it to the bouncer.

Siobhan: Uh huh.

Brennan: As you run out, you see the bouncer going,

Werewolf Bouncer: Not again, not again!

Siobhan: Oh shit. I run back in.

Brennan: Cool, you move a couple more squares in, you move six squares back in.

Siobhan: And then I guess I will, fuck.

Brennan: Well have you moved now, six squares right?

Siobhan: Oh yeah, so I'm done again.

Brennan: I think you're done again.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: No, actually you have one action left, if you've moved six squares all told, you get a free bit of speaking.

Siobhan: Okay, then I will cast, a Ray of Sickness on this werewolf that's right in front of me.

Brennan: Great, what's the save on that?

Siobhan: Constitution.

Brennan: And what happens if he fails?

Siobhan: He pukes a bunch, 2d8 poison damage.

Brennan: Oh, go ahead and roll 2d8.

Siobhan: 6 and 4, 10.

Brennan: Oh, awesome, you raise your hand, a ray of bilious green energy surges out of your outstretched fingers and, he whines in pain as the horrible sickness overtakes him, that is Adaine's turn. It is now going to be the zombies’ turn.

Zac: Wow, what a bad time.

Brennan: These guys are all going to take swings at Gorgug, what's your armor class again my man?

Zac: 13, oh no.

Emily: You've got 35.

Zac: I'm raging so it's half damage though at least.

Brennan: You take 9 points of damage, spread over 3, so 5 which becomes 2 and then, so 4 points of damage from zombies wailing on you. You're just fucking hulking out.

Emily: Fig is watching and she just cackles.

Brennan: You see that DJ Brainzz flicks a little thing on it and says,

DJ Brainzz: Creatures of the night, come to a-a-a-id your master.

Brennan: And these zombies gather around Riz.

Fabian: I'm coming, The Ball.

Brennan: They're gonna take some swings at you Riz, what's your AC?

Murph: 15.

Brennan: One of them hits you for 3 points of damage, I'm gonna roll some Acrobatics checks for these zombies to get over the bar. You see that all but one zombie are completely thwarted by the bar. Just as they try to get over it. One manages to get up there, takes a swing at you, Fabian, and misses, that's gonna be Riz.

Murph: Okay, I'm going to try to use my Insightful Fighting. Once again.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Yes, that's a 23.

Brennan: 23's gonna do it.

Murph: Okay, please hit, we'll do so much damage if I hit. You know what, I'm gonna use this, this is lucky now.

Lou: This is lucky now.

Murph: 18 to hit.

Brennan: 18 hits.

Murph: That's 2d6 and a d8.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Zac: Wow.

Murph: 11, 16, 20.

Brennan: 20 damage? Geez -

Murph: And I'm looking at Fabian to see if he's impressed while I do it.

Siobhan: Fucking cannon Ball over here.

Lou: I'm not. Of course not.

Ally: Do you see me jump through that glass like it wasn't there?

Lou: I'm sorry did you watch me smash glass, vault, dodge the zombies.

Murph: This guy's the leader and I'm The Ball.

Lou: After three fucking turns you finally land a hit and yes, it's, ugh, whatever.

Brennan: That's incredible. You skewer DJ Brainzz,

DJ Brainzz: That's gotta hurt!

Brennan: Meanwhile he's just going, seemingly unable to feel pain, but looking very badly injured now. That's going to be Zayn. One, two, three, four, five, you can take an attack of opportunity if you want. 6.

Emily: Yeah, I am going to. I'm gonna fucking take an attack of opportunity. Alright, is 9 gonna hit him?

Brennan: No, it does not.

Emily: Okay, so I swing at him with my bass guitar and when it doesn't hit I pretend like I was just dancing.

Zayn: Why are you still dancing?

Fig: Whatever, I'll see you at school, dude. It's cool that we both got in right?

Brennan: Make a Deception check for me.

Emily: Okay, oh, that's gonna be, 23.

Brennan: You see he looks through the door with all of these fucking vampires on the other side, you see he goes,

Zayn: Ah, sick.

Brennan: And stands back and covers himself in magic and vanishes.

Fig: You little piece of shit.

Brennan: Make an Arcana check if you'd like.

Emily: 7.

Brennan: He did something cool.

Emily: He turned invisible, you don't need Arcana to see that.

Brennan: That's going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, I think, this is the one I've been wailing on right?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Alright, I'm going to hit her, can I do the Frenzy after I move, if I hit her, and then move and then frenzy?

Brennan: You can hit that one, move, and then Frenzy, yes.

Zac: Cool, I'm just gonna attack her.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: That's 8.

Brennan: 8 hits a zombie.

Murph: Wow.

Emily: Ooh!

Siobhan: Dang.

Zac: Interesting. Thank goodness. One D12.

Murph: They're not dexterous.

Zac: Plus 5, wait, that's, 14.

Ally: Would that help?

Brennan: You whack, decapitate the zombie in front of you and you are free to take your move, they will take attacks of opportunity on you, but you're free to do so.

Zac: I'm gonna take the, those attacks of opportunity and try and get as close to the DJ as I can.

Brennan: Cool, one, two, three, four, five, six.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: So I wanna throw a hand ax at the DJ equipment.

Brennan: At the DJ equipment?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Rad, go for it, also give me a Perception check real quick.

Zac: Okay. That is only a, where's Perception, 9.

Brennan: 9, not going to, you don't notice anything.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll your attack though.

Zac: That is 10, 10 total.

Brennan: 10. You, ax flies from you and clangs off of an amp.

Emily: What about Bardic Inspiration?

Zac: Oh shit, is it too late to use it?

Brennan: You can use it if you'd like.

Zac: Oh 6, so it's 16.

Brennan: Okay. 6. You hurl it, go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: 5, so that's 10.

Brennan: You unleash, you throw a fucking hand ax, it connects with one of the amps behind DJ Brainzz as it strikes deep within it and you see yellow lightning fork out form the amp. Grab the ax and forcibly repel it, knitting itself back together with magic.

Emily: Oh, no good.

Brennan: This amp right here appears, wasn't great, now that you've thrown an ax at it, you notice this amp appears to be magical.

Zac: Of the two?

Brennan: Of the two, that one appears to be magical. But you've noticed a fucking dope magic amp. That's going to be the werewolves -

Zac: Do those guys get attacks on me?

Brennan: Oh they do, they super do, thank you for the reminder, it's very selfless.

Lou: Way to be honest.

Murph: What is your Dex and your Constitution modifier?

Zac: Constitution is 2, dex is 1.

Murph: Oh wow, okay, that's why your AC’s so bad.

Brennan: You take, I'll half it for you, you take 2 damage, 2 damage, and 2 damage.

Zac: So 6.

Brennan: 6 altogether, I halved them for you.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And the vampire takes a swing with the sword, hits, and deals you, seven points of damage, halved to three.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Werewolves act now, you see these guys, rush this human here, toast, this human gets rushed, and is toast as well. This werewolf attacks, badly injures this vampire right in front of it, this werewolf turns, there's no other people in here other than that guy right, and rushes Adaine.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: Is he poisoned?

Siobhan: Yeah he is poisoned, I think, is he poisoned?

Brennan: Yes he is poisoned.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Rushes you, what's your AC?

Siobhan: 12.

Brennan: Oh, okay, this werewolf -

Siobhan: I mean he, oh you already rolled it.

Brennan: I did already roll it, but I didn't tell you what it did so you can totally say something.

Siobhan: Okay so he gets a 7.

Brennan: On his first one or his second one?

Siobhan: First one.

Emily: Oh!

Brennan: First one, okay, claw misses, bite hits.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: I'm going to need you to make a -

Adaine: Shit, my dad's going to be so unhappy.

Brennan: First of all you take five points of damage,

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Alright we're going to bring out the Box of Doom. Adaine, this is a Constitution saving throw. Go ahead and take the box, thank you.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Brennan: The DC for contracting lycanthropy is 12, I'll tell you that right off the bat. What's your bonus to Constitution saving throw?

Siobhan: 2, so I've gotta get a 10 or more?

Brennan: A 10 or more.

Siobhan: 10 or more.

Brennan: And a 9 or lower means -

Siobhan: I'm a werewolf?

Brennan: Go ahead in the box of doom.

Siobhan: 13.

Brennan: What did you get?

Siobhan: 13.

Brennan: 13, okay.

Siobhan: Oh my fucking god.

Brennan: You feel the wound in your arm fester as things try to place themselves into you. I'll take that Box of Doom.

Siobhan: I’m like, genuinely like panic attacking little bit.

Ally: Oh yeah, your character really is.

Brennan: That's going to be Kristen.

Ally: Okay, I look at my bible which has flown open, and I read,

Kristen: I can do all things through corn who strengthens me.

Ally: And I, and I use a spell, to Turn Undead.

Brennan: Oh, your Turn Undead action.

Zac: Nice.

Brennan: That's awesome, that's actually a special ability.

Emily: Yeah, girl.

Ally: Oh cool.

Brennan: That's great.

Ally: Oh I'm sorry, can I run through the door and then cast that so it's in the other room?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Ally: Yeah, I should have done that.

Brennan: Cool, so you're going to run through here, there's going to be one attack of opportunity on you, where do you want to move to in this space?

Emily: She's got 18 AC.

Brennan: Do you want to move next to Fig or -

Ally: I wanna go a little bit in front of Fig I think.

Brennan: Okay, you can go here because then 30 feet is gonna b pretty big.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: One attack of opportunity on you, which misses.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: As the vampire reaches out, your halo glows brightly, defending you with the might of Helio even though you guys are at a bit of a crisis of faith right now.

Ally: We are, yeah.

Brennan: But in the moments that really count.

Ally: Yeah thanks.

Brennan: Helio's like trying to reach out to you and be like, no, no, no, we're cool, we're cool.

Ally: And I'm like maybe, but yeah, no, we'll see.

Brennan: I'm also gonna need you to make a perception check for me.

Ally: Sure. Oh, just a, what do I have, oh 12.

Brennan: Ah you bump into something as you rush through the door, that you don't see.

Ally: Oh, can I cast arcana on that, to see what -

Brennan: Yes, make an Arcana check sure, go for it.

Ally: Not cast, okay.

Brennan: Or just make an Arcana check, yeah.

Ally: 11.

Brennan: Oh, an invisible creature, is right in the doorway, but you see tons of undead in here as well. They're gonna make Wisdom saving throws.

Ally: Is it just zombies, or are there vampires too?

Brennan: It is zombies and vampires, which are both undead.

Ally: Ah cool.

Brennan: So I'm going to see how many beings you affect real quick, it's all within thirty feet of you.

Murph: Holy shit.

Brennan: Geez, that's a lot of people, okay, so that's everyone, that's both of those vampires, rad okay, so that's all four zombies and three vampires.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll their saves real quick, what is your spell save DC?

Ally: Oh that's a 14.

Brennan: 14, okay, damn. Kristen, tell me what happens as you raise, you speak those words through corn there is strength, raise your bible aloft, what happens, this you can feel is something mighty working through you.

Ally: Yeah. I raise my bible and I hear that Frat Boy God voice, it's like,

Helio: Hey, it feels like you're mad at me?

Ally: And I'm like,

Kristen: Shut up.

Ally: Then all this shit happens in front of me.

Helio: I'm sorry my child that things are not chill between us, if they are not chill between us, let them be chill before you!

Brennan: But the light of the sun emanates from your book, all of these zombies turn, going burned by the light of the true god of corn, fleeing from your vision. Both of these vampires shriek in pain, and fear. This vampire turns to face you, and the darkness clouds around him.

Ally: Cool.

Sasha: Ooh! Do you think your little soul caress can possibly stop the flow of my midnight whisperings?

Fig: Dude could you just like, button up your trench coat?

Sasha: The buttons fell off, two hundred years ago.

Gorgug: You didn't have time to -

Sasha: What?

Kristen: What were you -

Gorgug: You didn’t have time -

Sasha: Oh do you think a lot of tailors are open when I'm around and doing stuff?

Gorgug: You could just learn how to do it.

Sasha: I won't, I'm a noble.

Kristen: Do you know Fabian?

Murph: You also have your spiritual weapon right?

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: And your spiritual weapon can attack, if you'd like.

Ally: I would like to attack that guy.

Brennan: Fuck yeah, go ahead and roll your spell attack.

Ally: A nat 1!

Murph: This is insane.

Emily: Shit.

Brennan: You see that your corn kind of pokes him in the face, you see he goes,

Sasha: Ooh, you're kinky like that, you want me to do something to the corn?

Kristen: Uh, yeah.

Sasha: I can do something,

Brennan: And his jaw unhinges like a snake and he kind of, fellates the corn a little bit.

Fabian: Hot, very hot.

Kristen: Oh!
        
Sasha: This is what I think, what have you never been exposed to this?

Kristen: No I think it's fine, I accept everyone, I have an uncle.

Sasha: It makes it less good for me if you accept it, you get that right?

Kristen: Sure, ah -

Sasha: Let's fight, let's fight.

Brennan: That is going to be, what humans are even fucking left, oh yeah, these two bartenders straight up dip, rushing through this room.

Fabian: Ah, my cover.

Brennan: Rushing out.

Fabian: And into those two -

Brennan: Into those werewolves.

Emily: And my dad.

Brennan: And your dad, that guy's dead, this guy's gotta fucking run, he makes it here behind this other werewolf, she rushes back through here and goes and hides in this booth.

Siobhan: That's a human?

Brennan: That's a human, yes.

Lou: Careful around here.

Brennan: Wah! And then.

Emily: Daddy!

Lou: Ah he really is, an older man.

Siobhan: I'm too old for this place.

Emily: He's like Margaritaville meets a demon.

Murph:  He went to CBGBs in the 70s.

Brennan: That's going to now be Fig.

Emily: Okay, I would like to move, so, one, two, three, four, five, six.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Emily: That's how far I can go, so no one gets attacks of opportunity on me here, right, if I move here?

Brennan: If you move there? No, no one gets an attack of opportunity.

Emily: And then I'm going to cast, I'm going to cast, where is it? Shatter aka shred, on this, on these 10, or this 10 diameter.

Brennan: I will warn you that casting a spell that deals damage to those undead will break the turning effect that is on them. Yeah.

Emily: Okay so, one, two, three, four, five, six, can I hit a ten diameter thing around here?

Brennan: Sure. If you want to try and fuck up the turn -

Emily: The DJ.

Brennan: You could hit those two zombies in front, the DJ and his booth.

Emily: Okay that's what I'm gonna try and hit.

Ally: Sweet.

Emily: So I take out my bass guitar and I hit, really, really low note, and it's like so low and powerful.

Ally: Duh.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: So cool.

Emily: Just deep and vibrating and, cool, and they have to make 3d8 thunder damage.

Brennan: Hell yeah, let me go ahead and roll the Constitution save.

Emily: And also -

Brennan: What is your spell save DC?

Emily: My spell save DC is, 14.

Brennan: 14, okay.

Emily: 14 and also any non-magical items will take damage.

Brennan: Any non-magical items will take damage gotcha. Cool, okay.

Emily: I'm so nervous right now.

Brennan: And then DJ Brainzz is gonna make one of those, 14, and this his turntable, cool. The turntable seems unaffected by the spell, it seems to have some sort of magic involved with it.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: One of the zombies and DJ Brainzz both fail their saves.

Emily: Phew, okay, 7, 8, they take 20 damage.

Siobhan: Shit.

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: The ones that failed their save take 20 damage?

Emily: Yeah, anyone who fails takes 20 damage.

Brennan: Holy shit.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: As you fucking raise your finger up, times slows, and the one string, you can see the waves of the string on Fig's bass, the zombie here is fucking, just torn apart by the power of rock

Siobhan: Sick.

Fig: That's right, this is real music, bitch.

Brennan: The turntable cracks in half, and DJ Brainzz is thrown up, against the wall behind him,

Emily: Yeah, and then I turn to Kristen Applebees and I give her a wink. She's got Bardic Inspiration.

Kristen: Why is this happening to me tonight?

Brennan: DJ Brainzz is hurt but not down, and his turntable is cracked in half, but he looks like he's still got some fucking cards up his sleeve. That is now going to be, DJ Brainzz. You see that he reaches into his thing and takes out like a tiny little Bluetooth speaker, kind of thing, and a stinking cloud of vibrating musical energy is just, I don't know how to put it other than, this music stinks. It smells bad, you hear it like. And I'm gonna need you, my man to make a Constitution saving throw.

Murph: Got it, gonna roll a 20 so watch out for that. I actually rolled a 15, so that's 16.

Brennan: 16.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You save, my man, cool. Cool, that is now going to be Fabian's turn.

Riz: Fabian, help.

Lou: Is there music still playing?

Brennan: Yes, through the little Bluetooth speaker that just dropped.

Lou: Okay great.

Emily: Fabian's like, I don't want to get involved.

Lou: No, no.

Ally: He's making himself a drink, like a Hennessy drink by the bar.

Lou: What are you talking about, this is an opportunity to be a hero, I'll take it, I'm going to, I don't like being trapped behind this bar. Can I, I'll take an attack of opportunity from this guy I guess, to vault the bar over here, or to exit the bar here, let's see if that works out?

Brennan: Sure. Misses. You go ahead and give me that Acrobatics.

Lou: 24.

Brennan: Hell yeah, vault the bar.

Lou: I can see that everyone else is attacking this DJ Brainzz.

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Lou: I'll take a hand crossbow to DJ Brainzz.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: That'll be 17.

Brennan: 17 is a hit.

Lou: And that'll be 6.

Brennan: 6 damage, arrow straight to this guy's side, he is looking sad, he's looking like a sad zombie DJ.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Vampires rush in. These two vampires.

Zac: Were they Feared or?

Brennan: Yes they are Turned, so.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Werewolves are going to take a swing at one of them, Miss, interact with those werewolves in there. Other vampires are going to move in, this guy is going to take a swing at you, the rest of these guys are going to start coming through here. So, one, two -

Emily: Are those baddies?

Brennan: These are baddies and they are surrounding -

Lou: Kristen.

Brennan: Kristen. Rushes over here.

Lou: What's Track doing?

Brennan: Tracker's not doing great. She's going to actually go over here, get some silver weapons.

Murph: Maybe it's just a box of silver weapons or something?

Brennan: So the vampires surrounding Kristen are gonna go. The guy in front of you, who has referred to himself as the Lord of Whispers a couple of times, is going to take a swing at you. He's going to hit you first with a sword, for four points of damage.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: And then he is going to reach out and hit you again for another eight points of damage.

Ally: Fuck I'm dead, shit.

Emily: Are you really?

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: Anyone else have any heal wounds or anything?

Emily: Yeah, I’ll heal her.

Brennan: You see that, the other vampires, that guy drops Kristen, these are vampires then are going to continue their move towards Fig.

Emily: What me? I'm just an innocent girl, playing her guitar, why did you come after me.

Ally: Shit, I didn't get to bless anyone.

Brennan: That's now going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: I mean guess I'll fucking Witch Bolt the guy in front of me.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: How fucked up is this guy looking?

Brennan: He's looking, not terribly fucked up.

Siobhan: Great, then I would like to cast it as a second level spell.

Brennan: Okay, great, yeah go for it. Are you going to take a move away from him, because I know that it's bad to do it right next to somebody.

Siobhan: Okay, if I withdraw will he -

Brennan: He'll get an attack of opportunity.

Siobhan: Get an attack of opportunity on me. Shit man.

Murph: He'll probably just get a swipe though, not like a bite.

Siobhan: Yeah, alright, well I'll move back ten feet and do this spell.

Ally: Should you, can you move forward ten feet?

Siobhan: No I can't get past him.

Brennan: What's your AC?

Siobhan: 12.

Lou: Punch him.

Brennan: He goes ahead and hits you for 7 points of damage.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: With a claw.

Siobhan: Okay. So I'm going to do this Witch Bolt, second level, ah 14.

Brennan: 14 hits. Great, so it's 2D12 damage.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Fuck, 4.

Ally: What, nat 1.

Brennan: Ah, this bolt leaps out from your hands, hits him, damages him for sure, zombies are gonna go, now these guys all move over here.

Murph: Jesus, Adaine, how are we going to get you out of this one?

Siobhan: I don't know.

Lou: Adaine, how are you going to -

Siobhan: I'm in such a different fight than anybody else right now.

Murph: You need to just go home.

Emily: I think she needs to go home.

Siobhan: He's a werewolf, I'm stuck between two werewolves.

Emily: -opportunity attack on you. What are you at, health wise?

Siobhan: 10.

Emily: I think you need to -

Siobhan: He's a werewolf outside -

Emily: Or maybe you need to, hide?

Siobhan: I mean I think that they know where I am.

Brennan: Gorgug, where are you at man? Or what's your AC again, 13?

Zac: 13

Zac: Who's attacking me? Oh, all those people?

Lou: Oh that's great, thank you, Gorgug.

Zac: Fuck you.

Lou: You got half damage dude.

Brennan: That's going to be 6, so 3, and then 3, so then 1. So 4 damage altogether.

Ally: Wow.

Lou: You can take it.

Zac: I'm still at 17 though.

Brennan: And then two are going to swing at -

Lou: I haven't taken any damage yet.

Brennan: At Fabian. One of them hits Fabian for 7 points of damage.

Lou: Oh finally -

Emily: Wow, perfect timing.

Brennan: Those are the zombies, I'm trying to think of anything else, the zombies out here, oh yeah this guy, he'll go take a swing at Gorgug as well.

Zac: Oh no.

Brennan: And he misses.

Lou: There you go.

Brennan: And then the zombies surrounding Riz are going to take some swings, what's your AC, my man?

Murph: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Lou: Have you also taken no damage?

Murph: I've taken some damage.

Lou: Okay.

Emily: I've taken damage too, that's why -

Brennan: Oh wait, 15 you said?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, you take 5 points of damage. And Riz it's your turn.

Murph: Great, I'm going to stab this guy in his face. Come on. 18 to hit?

Brennan: 18 hits.

Murph: And I still have my insight on him, it lasts for a minute.

Brennan: Oh awesome.

Murph: So I get 2D6, and a D8. 19 damage.

Brennan: Tell me what happens here.

Murph: Oh hell yeah, I say,

Riz: I don't know what you had to do with it, you just seem like some kind of fucked up zombie guy, but this is for those girls, you son of a bitch.

Murph: And I stab him through the fucking brainstem.

DJ Brainzz: Th-th-that's all.

Emily: Wow, he prepared his own obituary.

Brennan: DJ Brainzz collapses to the stage, turns into endless dust, ages a thousand years in an instant, on the wind, to let the beat drop.

Brennan: And is gone baby, DJ -

Murph: I'd like to yell to the room,

Riz: Sorry guys, it's everyone's curfew, everyone go home. Party's over!

Emily: Oh my god.

Ally: I'm dead but I'm still going, no.

Riz: Sorry guys, it's 11 o'clock and we all should be home.

Fabian: Does this one really think he's cooler than the hacker dude?

Gorgug: I don't think so. I hated that.

Brennan: You guys see all throughout the bar that there is a momentary shockwave of energy, vampires, werewolves, all reel momentarily as their rage and blood lust is subsiding for a moment, you see all of the zombies drop, all the zombies drop, all the zombies deaminate, fall apart all at one.

Emily: Bye bitches!

Siobhan: Oh my god, so many fucking zombies, I had no idea there were that many.

Emily: All the hot zombies are down now, Fig goes just to see one of those butts up close.

Brennan: Adaine, the werewolf in front of you, sort of looks woozy for a second, I'm going to need you to, you have a moment of breathing in and realizing you're aren't dead, and then you realize that you almost just died. Could you please roll for a panic attack.

Siobhan: Aha, 9.

Brennan: All together?

Siobhan: What do I add to that?

Brennan: Wisdom.

Siobhan: Oh, 11.

Brennan: Hey! You breathe in, control your breathing, everything is good. You see that the werewolf stumbles down to the ground. Kristen is still dropped, does anyone take any action? We're coming out of initiative now, as you see people kind of reeling from the violence.

Emily: Can I Healing Word her though, even though it's not an initiative?

Brennan: Yeah, as a regular action you can totally Healing Word.

Emily: Okay, yeah I look over to her and I play - I play.

Siobhan: Learn a new song, oh my God.

Murph: The video just has a -

Brennan: Go ahead and roll, to see how much Kristen has just healed.

Emily: Okay. Girl, that's gonna be, that's gonna be 8.

Ally: Damn. Hell yeah.

Brennan: You are healed 8 hit points of damage. As you guys are standing around there is a weird tension, you see that looking around, one of the werewolves sort of walks in from the other space, looks at the vampires holding the silver weaponry and goes,

Werewolf: Are you holding silver?

Brennan: And even through all the shattered bar stools, and all the stench of blood, moaning, you see that the vampires and werewolves start to regard each other through the window. You guys may not be out of harms way yet.

Emily: Really quick question, am I wearing any silver jewelry?

Brennan: Yeah, you're wearing some silver jewelry.

Murph: Some sterling silver.

Emily: Wait, but I think I'm kind of on the side of the, I think I'm on the side of the werewolves.

Riz: Let's get out of here!

Lou: I run up and grab Riz off the table.

Murph: I happily go up into his arms.

Zac: I help Kristen up.

Kristen: Thanks.

Brennan: You rush over, grab Kristen, you see that the vampires, this guy over here, Sasha Lord of Whispers goes.

Sasha: Long have the vampires and werewolves fought each other, an ancient rivalry forged in the midnight of dangerous mists long past -

Kristen: I'm bored.

Emily: Wait can I -

Siobhan: Such a creep.

Riz: Werewolves, look, their swords are silver!

Lou: Okay.

Riz: What's he doing with silver swords.

Lou: I grab Riz and say,

Fabian: Stop it, you stop doing that.

Ally: I pull on Gorgug and just quietly to the side and say,

Kristen: Can we take the long way out I just wanna see if Tracker's okay, my friend. My new friend

Gorgug: Fine.

Brennan: You guys rush out through the shattered glass-

Emily: Wait real quick, who is the Lord of Shadows gonna be fighting, is he up against someone at all?

Brennan: The Lord of Whispers has come out to where Gorgug was, as these werewolves had kind of muscled in through this space.

Emily: Okay, I'm going to wink and give one bardic inspiration to whoever is fighting the Lord of Whispers.

Brennan: You see that there is a very broad shouldered lupine woman, with orange hair growing out of her fur.

Siobhan: So beefy.

Brennan: So beefy, you wink at her and she goes,

Werewolf: Hell yeah, see you on the other side sister.

Fig: I hope so.

Brennan: She pulls her fist back and just cold cocks the Lord of Whispers in the face.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Ally: Sick.

Sasha: Argh, look at this mangy curse, striking me before the rules of combat have been declared.

Brennan: You guys dip out of here, you use the front, no sign of Zayn Darkshadow anywhere, the bar clears out as you can hear more rumbling and you hear police sirens in the distance. You guys rush up to Adaine, Adaine in the front the werewolf has kind of gotten up off his legs, he's still in that werewolf form but you see he goes,

Werewolf Bouncer: Hey,

Brennan: And he sees the claw mark on you, and he goes,

Werewolf Bouncer: I'm so - argh.

Adaine: Yeah that really hurt, what are you doing man?

Werewolf Bouncer: It's not me, it's a sickness, I'm sick, I'm not well.

Adaine: Man, we're all sick.

Werewolf Bouncer: Okay, we're not all sick, alright, I have lycanthropy, you can go to a healer about it,

Adaine: Okay well maybe you should go to a healer about it.

Werewolf Bouncer: I don't have healthcare.

Emily: Oh that's so sad.

Adaine: Go to a clinic. I don't know what to tell you.

Riz: There's some guidance counselor positions open at our school.

Werewolf Bouncer: Do they have good healthcare there?

Riz: Yeah, I would imagine -

Werewolf Bouncer: Where do you guys go to school?

Riz: I'm pretty sure they have benefits.

Fig: Aguefort.

Riz: Wow, we're telling him?

Fig: Actually -

Ally: Well, you teed it up.

Fabian: You teed this up, the Ball.

Jawbone: Cool, so that's great, my name is Jawbone if you want to put in a reference.

Riz: Okay, Jawbone.

Kristen: Mumple has better healthcare.

Fig: I got an in with the VP, vice principal, so I could probably make that work.

Riz: Thanks Jawbone, sorry guys.

Brennan: You guys rush out. Jawbone looks, you guys don't know this guy super well but he looks kind of, hey this is the first kind of lucky break I've had in a while.

Ally: Oh no.

Murph: Alright, Jawbone.

Brennan: You guys see, you guys dip out of there, you rush out of the front door, you see that Rover has been like, restraining the bouncer from fully wolfing out, and has been remarkably successful in doing so, almost as though it was inspired.

Ally: What?

Siobhan: By her heroism?

Brennan: No, by the magical ability of your bard.

Murph: Bardically Inspired.

Brennan: You guys get out, you hear sirens in the distance, you're in seedy fucking downtown Elmville, what are you guys gonna do?

Fig: Let's keep the party going.

Riz: My mom's gonna be pissed if she finds me here, let's get out.

Kristen: Let's go to someone's house, we can't go to my house.

Fabian: I mean what, I do live right around the corner.

Gorgug: Let's go to your house.

Fabian: Or we could weigh the other option, alright fine.

Riz: Friends.

Kristen and Gorgug: Friends!

Ally: Joey, Chandler, Phoebe.

Fig: Now that you mention it, I don't usually like to, I know that I'm pretty hard to read, you guys don't know what I'm feeling bit we kind of -

Kristen: You have spilled your guts to us.

Adaine: You are like the most open person I've ever met.

Riz: You were the one who of all of us most wants friends.

Fig: No it's just like, yeah.

Fabian: Alright, we should go. Come on, we'll go to my house.

Brennan: You guys rush, go ahead and give me a stealth check, if you guys wanna, it'll let, whoever wants to be the stealth check can make it, for the party with disadvantage.

Emily: Well I have 15, personally.

Brennan: You've got a 15 personally, okay cool.

Ally: I got an 18 with minus -

Emily: Oh I got a nat 20, to a disadvantage, I rolled it a second time to do disadvantage. And I got 20, oh, so I still only get the 15.

Ally: Ah!

Brennan: So you've got the 15 but that's great, meaning you hide the group really well. You guys Fig seems to know the back alleys and divey parts of downtown.

Emily: Can I also be smoking so many cloves that the smoke is hiding us.

Siobhan: So disgusting.

Brennan: You are fully sweating, powering through cloves as fast as you can, constitution saving throw.

Ally: Smells like potpourri.

Emily: That's gonna be a 4.

Brennan: You straight up barf. You're just like -

Murph: Riz also barfs, seeing you barf.

Fabian: Alright, everyone needs to stop barfing. No one's coming in my house, there's no barf being brought in my house.

Zac: Can I roll to see if I barf?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead.

Zac: I rolled a 1.

Ally: 9.

Brennan: Gorgug barfs and passes out.

Fabian: You know what, everyone is going to get new clothes.

Murph: Throwing up on Gorgug, I'm trying to push him back.

Brennan: I mean, everybody walked out of that fucking insane music venue, and now you're fucking dropping like flies because of the amount of clove cigarettes Fig is smoking.

Fig: I just love the way they taste.

Kristen: You're still smoking?

Adaine: Just eat candy!

Zac: I think you gotta kinda carry me.

Fig: It just tastes so good.

Brennan: By hook or by crook, amazingly you are not tracked even though you are covered in your own bile, you make it to Seacaster Manor. You see the incredible red and gold man o' war, built up in a topiary hedge maze, expanse, with long white gravel driveways, and everything else and you guys arrive up at the door of Seacaster Manor.

Fabian: Alright, welcome to my house, everyone please, if there's any barf, don't track any barf into my house. Please that's all I ask.

Brennan: You look over at the sofa and you see, you see Fabian's mom.

Fabian: Oh, hello, mama.

Hallariel: Fabian!

Fabian: Oh how are you? Ah, Mother.

Hallariel: Oh, you what, you've brought friends?

Fabian: Yes, mother, these are my friends, this is The Ball, Kristen, Adaine, Gorgug, and Fig.

Fig: Hi, I'm Fig, I love your kimono.

Hallariel: This thing? It was knit for me by dwarves. Skilled craftsmen.

Gorgug: Dwarves knit you a kimono.

Hallariel: What?

Gorgug: Nevermind.

Siobhan: I give her a very formal, Elven greeting.

Brennan: She looks up at you, as you speak in Elven to her and speaks back to you in Elven and says,

Hallariel: Many long years has it been since I was spoken to in the tongue of stars and moon, a beautiful elf maiden you are, I married a human you see.

Adaine: Yes, I know.

Hallariel: And he will die.

Kristen: Dude I think your mom is bi.

Fabian: No, nobody is hitting on my mother right now.

Fig: I also speak Elvish.

Riz: I speak Elvish too.

Fabian: I also speak Elvish alright so let's all just keep it PC.

Fig: I, I look like a tiefling but I'm also part elf, so I'm also an elf maiden, if that's what you're into.

Brennan: She looks, completely ignores you and looks right at Adaine and goes,

Hallariel: You're, wait a minute, you're Angwyn and Arianwyn's daughter.

Adaine: Yes that's right.

Hallariel: I've heard such wonderful things about you. I've, the acceptance, the scholarship to Hudol.

Adaine: No, that's my sister.

Hallariel: Hmm?

Adaine: That's my sister.

Hallariel: Aelwyn is the elder, you are -

Adaine: Yes I am, I'm friends with your son.

Fabian: Yes, we're friends.

Hallariel: Ah, Fabian, lovely, I like to see you make friends, my little baby.

Fabian: Mama, please.

Hallariel: What handsome.

Fabian: Stop, mama.

Hallariel: A heartbreaker through and through.

Fabian: No it's, it sounds like -

Hallariel: Well, Mommy's going to go get a chalice of night wine and she's going to retire to the sensory deprivation egg in the-

Fabian: Of course. We'll keep the noise down.

Hallariel: Do you want me to have Cathilda put out some food?

Fabian: Oh there's no need.

Fig: I'm pretty hungry.

Fabian: My friends are -

Hallariel: I'll go wake Cathilda up and make her make you some food.

Fabian: Do not -

Riz: I eat cereal with water so -

Hallariel: Ta ta.

Fig: Your mom is so hot.

Fabian: Okay do not talk about my mother like that.

Brennan: You guys look around, Cathilda, the halfling maid comes up.

Fabian: Hello, Cathilda.

Cathilda: Hello there, and how are you doing? Are you doing alright?

Fabian: I'm doing alright, we had a rather crazy night, but really you don't have to do too much alright, just, my friends are peckish.

Cathilda: I'll put out some snacks right away then shall I?

Fabian: Alright, thank you.

Cathilda: Lovely, lovely.

Brennan: You see that she runs off into the kitchen. You guys hear a stomping of boots as Bill Seacaster walks into the room. Bill Seacaster walks in and goes,

Bill: Well look at this then, a bunch of fine friends for me young lad.

Fabian: Yes, Papa, these are my friends from the Adventuring Academy, we've had a rather wild night.

Bill: Well it looks like you've gotten yourself into some kind of scrap then have you?

Fabian: Ah, yes, we did.

Siobhan: I tried to do the same formal Elven greeting to his father.

Bill: What was that?

Gorgug: What are you doing?

Bill: I don't speak a word of Elvish, lass, I'm not a man of letters, I've come from nothing, and made rather something of myself.

Adaine: Oh, I was just saying hello.

Bill: Right well, hello to you as well, in the common tongue then.

Murph: I hand him a business card.

Riz: Greetings and salutations.

Bill: Well, as I said, I'm not a man of letters, so I can't read.

Fabian: Sorry papa this is The Ball, Kristen, Adaine, Gorgug, and Fig.

Fig: Hey, if you're not a man of letters I got something I think you might like.

Emily: And then I take out my bass and I play, I play a sea shanty.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a performance check for me.

Zac: Oh!

Emily: Oh, 25, baby!

Brennan: The fuckest, sickest, shantiest bass line comes running out of your guitar and you see that Bill Seacaster looks at you and goes,

        Bill:
Sally Bone is a nice young lady
Way, hay, roll and go
Come on yeh dogs.

Brennan: And a bunch of pirates just swing in on ropes, fucking pop out of barrels.

Fabian: It happens a lot in this house.

Gorgug: They were hiding in barrels this whole time.

Bill: I pay him to stay here, in case this happens, and he'll stay in the barrel until it does. You stay in the barrel until the music happens.

Brennan: The pirate is just clapping his hands and just silently weeping.

Emily: I feel like I need to play for eternity so they don't have to go back in the barrel.

Bill: Keep playing lass, we'll sing til the sun rises. Two, three, four. Sally Brown is a nice young lady. Way, hay, we roll and go.

Brennan: That's all for this week on Fantasy High! Tune in next week and thanks for watching.


[EPISODE7]

Brennan: Hello, and welcome back to Fantasy High. I'm Brennan Lee Mulligan, these are our intrepid adventurers. Say hello, intrepid adventurers.

All: Hello, intrepid adventurers!

Brennan: Uh, fucking dorks. Last we left off -

Siobhan: Fucking leave me hanging, why don't you?

Brennan: Last we left off, y'all were in Seacaster Manor having a lovely time with Fabian's dad, Bill and his crew of pirates.

Emily: Um, and his mom.

Siobhan: Yeah, his hot mum.

Brennan: And his mom.

Lou: Please leave my mother out of our interactions.

Brennan: You guys haven't seen much of Hallariel, she's been in her sensory deprivation egg.

Lou: She's been in her sensory deprivation egg.

Brennan: So, the sun rises over Elmville. Far away, the tape around the crime scene of the Black Pit is going up, and police are investigating what may or may not have happened there, pretty wild fucking event. However, you guys are all on a giant wooden balcony, with an elaborate gilded balustrade and this amazing red velvet curtain's blowing in the wind. You've been up all night.

Emily: Why, just 'cause we're so amped from battle?

Brennan: Bill Seacaster has not allowed you to go to sleep.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Hell yeah.

Brennan: He has fed you and plied you with liquor and -

Ally: Oh!

Emily: Ooh, okay!

Brennan: You see that he is out on the balcony looking off into the distance, and you see that he sort of thumps his hand into the table in front of him, going like,

Bill: And roll the old chariot along. We'll roll the old chariot. 

Emily: My fingers are blistered from playing sea shanties.

Kristen: Are you okay, Fig?

Fig: Yeah, I'm fine. It's cool, it's whatever, it's whatever.

Bill: Alright, well, I suppose you children will be having some school this day. Won't you?

Fabian: Papa!

Bill: What?

Fabian: You're not supposed to, we talked about keeping that -

Bill: A little bit of snuff powder, what's the problem with that?

Fabian: You're not supposed to do it in front of guests!

Bill: It's good!

Fig: Can I have some?

Fabian: No, you -

Bill: Absolutely, because when you have a guest in your home, they are welcome to what is yours!

Fabian: Papa, I don't want all my friends coming over here thinking they can get snuff powder from you!

Fig: Dude, your dad just dunked on you.

Fabian: Dad, do not dunk on me.

Fig: You got dunked on.

Bill: We did not raise a man to not ply his friends with liquor and snuff powder.

Fabian: Fine, ply my friends with snuff powder.

Bill: Fig, you'd be my guest. Please enjoy.

Brennan: And he takes a little, sort of like a bust, of like a sea drake on it, little like blue thing on a little silver box.

Bill: You can keep the box if you like.

Fig: Yeah, I will.

Riz: Fig, that's illegal. What you're doing is illegal.

Fig: Why do you -

Bill: That's a good point. So enjoy it all the more!

Fabian: Thank you, the Ball. Finally, the Ball contributes!

Fig: Why do you think I'm doing it?

Kristen: Whoa.

Bill: Now, the point being this -

Fig: I just did drugs.

Gorgug: Did that burn?

Fig: Yeah, a little bit. My nose is bleeding on the inside.

Riz: What does it, what does it do?

Bill: Well, it keeps you up! It wakes you right up! We've been up all night drinking, we need a little bit of snuff powder to put the fight back in us, don't we?

Kristen: I'll do it, 'cause I don't judge.

Fabian: No!

Fig: Yeah!

Bill: That's what I like to hear.

Fig: Get in on it, Kristen.

Kristen: Oh, thank you!

Bill: Didn't you, did you enjoy it? Have you done it before?

Kristen: I, oh, I loved it. You know what? I'm cool, and you can always invite me 'round.

Siobhan: I'm gonna do a Perception check on Kristen, to see if she actually did some or whether she faked it.

Kristen : Hmm?

Siobhan: 5.

Brennan: Uh, she for sure did it. Yeah, 100%.

Kristen: I'm, uh, buzzing.

Bill: Now that's an interesting point that your friend brought up here, and I'm sorry, 'cause I'm just having a little bit of a thought about it as I say it.

Fabian: Oh my god, Papa.

Bill: No, it's a, rather, listen here now. It's an interesting point.

Fig: I'm fascinated by this.

Bill: Now, you just mentioned that that's illegal, right? But, of course, the fascinating thing about laws is that they are a fiction invented by the weak to annoy and harass the powerful.

Fig: He's so true. Also, do the laws apply if we're in a boat, which we are right now?

Kristen: "He's so true." Are you listening to yourself?

Bill: Now, all I'm saying is this. There is one law, and one law only. That's the law of the blade.

Fabian: Oh, Papa.

Bill: The law of the blade. As old as war and time itself. The very first thing that crawled out of the sea knew this one rule. It is kill or be killed.

        Fabian: Ugh!

Fig: Damn bitch, yeah!

Riz: We have kind of been living by that law.

Kristen: I mean, yes.

Gorgug: Yeah, it's true.

Bill: Now, who would like an omelet?

All: I would.

Fig: Me!

Bill: Cathilda! Uh, so - Talk to me a little bit about this battle last night. How did it go? Tell me, I'm so excited. So Fabian, you leapt in, you saw who had the gold, you put rapier to the throat, and then walk me through the rest.

Fabian: There wasn't as much of the - I, uh, well, we started out separate, so I had, uh, was with Adaine at the front of the Black Pit, and then I ran in, and I saw all of my friends, and I dodged, I delicately dodged two werewolves, and then I ran and I smashed through a glass pane, and then I vaulted a bar, and then I vaulted out of the bar, and all the while dodging undead, and then I shot DJ Brainzz with a hand crossbow. But it was actually the Ball who did most of the killing.

Riz: I was the one who gave you the business card.

Bill: Right, I remember. Now, someone steadily pace me through here. You said you were with your young wizard friend here.

Fabian: Yes.

Bill: And you ran.

Adaine: He ran towards the fight.

Fabian: Yes, toward the fight, yes.

Bill: Alright, away from the wizard.

Fabian: Yes. Well, I assumed the wizard would join me, but then the wizard did not join me.

Bill: Alright. Now, why wasn't that expressed to one another?

Fabian: Uh, we, I mean -

Bill: Where was the, where was your healer the whole time?

Kristen: I, uh, I caught up with a new friend. She's so cool.

Gorgug: Then she fell down, she was knocked out for a while.

Fabian: Yeah, she was also a werewolf.

Kristen: Yeah, I got a -

Riz: I'm thinking about taking a first aid class, because our healer's been getting knocked out a lot.

Adaine: Yeah, I think I need to learn -

Bill: Your healer has been getting knocked out a lot?

Kristen: I was pretty much instantly knocked out, and I had the craziest dream. I went up on a green hill -

Bill: Now, I am afraid I'll have to intercede here for a moment. Y'all haven't been skipping your classes in adventuring school, have you?

Fig: Well, technically I've been going to barbarian classes, even though I'm not one.

Fabian: Well, there are things afoot that, uh, have been putting our studies -

Bill: Alright, look here, walk me through here. Now, why did you draw steel last night?

Adaine: Um, they seemed scary.

Gorgug: Everything -

Bill: They seemed scary? So your objective -

Adaine: I mean, I wasn't there, I just, I was in the other -

Bill: No, let me understand. So your objective was to draw weaponry until it got less scary?

Kristen: Uh, no, we went in to find a dude.

Fabian: Yeah.

Emily: Um, I'm gonna, okay. I'm getting a little paranoid from my snuff, so I'm gonna do a Perception check on him, or like an Insight check, 'cause I don't like that he's asking all these questions.

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Emily: It's gonna be a big fat, real fat, fat, fat, fat 8.

Brennan: Uh, you, I'm gonna shoot you straight. Even if you had rolled very well, Bill Seacaster's mind is a constant storm of emotion, and trying to get a bead on a guy who seems to be hair-trigger in every single interaction that he has would be next to impossible.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Um, you see he says,

Bill: I want to be very clear. All of your work is remarkable. You're walking out here all whole and healthy after having gone into the Black Pit full of vampires and werewolves. I understand that. And I won't take it away from you. There are two kinds of men in this world.

Fig: And women.

Bill: What?

Fig: And women.

Gorgug: Are you saying -

Bill: That's on me. Hold on. That's on me. There are two kinds of people in this world.

Fig: Thank you. Thank you.

Bill: No, no, it's alright. And thank you for correcting me. I'm an old dog, but I can learn new tricks, and I speak in a little bit of an archaic vernacular. I appreciate you having the courage to check me on something that was honestly not alright. And if you speak again out of turn, I'll slit ya like a fish!

Fabian: Papa, please.

Bill: Now, there's two kinds of people in this world. Them's that fight for blood, and them's that fight for gold. One who fights for blood is a dead man right away, or woman. He sees only combat for its own sake. Now those men that come to my ship, they'd ask for crew, they'd ask, say, put me in first mate, and I could see that the love for blood was gonna put them into a grave. Soon. I have no use for dead men, only men that can make me richer. Now, a man who fights for gold is a man who knows why he's fighting, or a woman. And that's what matters. Also, now that I'm thinking about it, I had a clay construct on my ship, and I've also had a sort of fire energy being, that both of them were genderless, and they're also both excluded by that.

Fig: Yes, you could probably be even more inclusive.

Bill: By men or women.

Fig: Yeah.

Bill: That's right.

Fig: Even people is kind of exclusive.

Bill: That's right, I've had things that weren't people.

Fig: Yeah.

Bill: One time we had a tornado that just helped.

Riz: And you made the tornado part of the crew?

Bill: The tornado conducted a share of the wealth, I hope it was part of the crew!

Kristen: That’s, Wow.

Bill: We cut the tornado in!

Riz: Very generous of you.

Kristen: Wow.

Bill: The tornado served on 'bout four, five missions with us.

Gorgug: What do tornadoes like?

Bill: Gold. That tornado was extremely slow by the end of those five missions, it was so stuffed with gold.

Gorgug: Just a bunch of gold swirling.

Bill: A bunch of gold swirling around for the most part.

Adaine: I mean, I suppose that's pretty dangerous. I mean, gold is heavy, and moving at a fast rate.

Bill: No, absolutely! Every time the tornado got richer, it then became far more deadly.

Fabian: I mean, you said the tornado was at my third birthday party, correct?

Bill: The tornado, by the way, sends its best wishes. It's actually -

Fabian: Well, tell the tornado he should come by more often.

Kristen: This is wild.

Riz: What is your life?

Fabian: But, Papa, you were saying? Did your ramblings have a point?

Bill: They did have a point, which is this. I fear no one. Death, to me, is nothing more than a joke, and when my time comes, I will leap into Hell and kill the Devil.

Fig: Whoa, that's so metal.

Bill: But -

Fig: Can I borrow that for a lyric?

Kristen: I wonder if the Devil's cooler than God.

Bill: Certainly, of course!

Fig: The Devil might be my dad.

Bill: Probably not.

Gorgug: Is the Devil a man?

Bill: Uh, now -

Fig: It's a tornado.

Bill: Now, the point being this. However, death is a part of every combat, no matter how easy to overcome it may seem. So, the way you avoid death is by knowing why you fight. You don't fight to fight, you fight to win. And winning looks like whatever your gold is. For some people, the gold is gold. For other people, the gold is other things.

Gorgug: Silver.

Adaine: Love.

Fabian: Bronze.

Bill: Not bronze.

Fabian: Eh, okay, okay, great.

Bill: But silver, aye. Love, certainly. Some people fight for abstract ideals, who, though they can never be fulfilled within their lifetime, are still a cardinal direction that they can move in. The point is this, gold's the best. What?

Fig: I was gonna say, I bet some people fight for friendship.

Bill: That'll happen in its own time, doesn't need to be rushed.

Fig: Right.

Bill: This'll grow organically, there's a process to this.

Fig: Wow, yeah, okay. Whatever, I wasn't talking about me. Losers.

Emily: I kick a chair.

Fabian: Please don't kick my furniture.

Siobhan: I take the snuff box away from her.

Brennan: You see that Bill Seacaster looks and says,

Bill: If you'd like, I'd be more than happy to run you through some drills or some training.

Kristen: Oh yeah.

Gorgug: What's a drill?

Bill: What is a drill?

Gorgug: I know what a drill is.

Bill: Alright, we're doing this!

Brennan: And you see he claps his hands. You guys spend the rest of that day -

Ally: Sleepless?

Lou: We skip school?

Brennan: You fully skip school.

Emily: Nice, dude! What do our parents think? We didn't come home last night.

Murph: We skipped school and did drugs with your dad.

Brennan: At one point, if any of you try to get a crystal to like, let a parent know where you are, Bill fully disarms you and smacks it out of -

Fabian: Everyone, please just stop trying to call their parents, alright?

Fig: I'm not.

Fabian: My father will continue to slap it out of your hand.

Gorgug: I'm exhausted.

Bill: You'll earn your freedom on the battlefield, you will.

Brennan: You see that, uh, you guys spend that day drilling and training. Bill runs through a ton of stuff with you. It's a lot of stuff about like, you know like, keeping Fabian and Gorgug in front of everybody, and keeping Kristen in the middle of everybody, and there's a lot of stuff about like, what languages do you guys all speak that like, aren't common, if you needed to communicate quickly and secretly with each other?

Emily: Fig suggests that we come up with our own language.

Fabian: That sounds vastly complicated and like we don't have the time.

Kristen: So what do most of us speak?

Riz: I speak Elvish -

Fig: Elvish.

Riz: Orcish and Goblin.

Gorgug: I speak Gnomish and Common. And a little bit of Orcish.

Fabian: I speak Halfling as well as Elvish.

Kristen: I guess I know some Elvish from missions trips, so I just know religious words in Elvish.

Riz: We'll use the Elvish religious words.

Adaine: I speak Elvish, Elven High Arcana, Draconic and Infernal.

Fabian: Jesus Christ.

Fig: Why don't we just come up with a couple words in Elvish that we all know? Like, anyone who doesn't know Elvish could have like a couple words we teach to them.

Adaine: Like stay, run, left, right.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Gorgug, could you do that?

Gorgug: Teach you guys -

Adaine: No, we could teach you.

Riz: You learn five words total.

Kristen: Oh boy.

Gorgug: Oh, I don't know.

Kristen: We'll write them on your drumsticks.

Riz: The fact that you didn't understand the question makes me doubt that you can do that.

Kristen: Alright, cool, it's settled. Elvish.

Fabian: Elvish, fantastic.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fig: Or we make up one.

Brennan: The day draws to a close. Bill Seacaster hasn't slept, you don't know when. You guys haven't slept either, you're fucking exhausted. Bill comes over to you guys and slaps you on the back and says,

Bill: Aye, it is a good day's work. I have some cars coming to take you all back to your homes. Do you all have a captain amongst you?

Kristen: Yeah.

Fig: Unofficially.

Riz: I would say no.

Fabian: Alright, don't you dare try and follow it with de facto rule, the Ball.

Gorgug: I think everyone thinks I'm the captain.

Fabian: Father, I'm here to tell you that no one thinks he's the captain.

Kristen: No.

Fig: I don't like any kind of power concentration, so I'd prefer that we didn't kind of -

Adaine: Yeah, I'm happy with a democratic -

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: We're something of a democracy.

Gorgug: Should we elect a captain?

Fabian: I don't, do we need, is that what you're asking? Are you suggesting that we need a captain?

Bill: I'm not suggesting -

Kristen: The answer would be you.

Fabian: No!

Gorgug: I don't know.

Fabian: I mean, I could happily do it.

Kristen: You didn't make captain of the team, but you could be captain of this.

Riz: Don’t feed this!

Fabian: I would happily take it on. I mean, if we're looking for a captain, I mean, look at this man and look at me. I'm his son, I'm his son, I can take, I could easily do it.

Bill: I will not be the captain of your teenage friend group.

Fabian: I wasn't saying that, I was just saying we're cut from the same cloth.

Bill: I understand. Now, perhaps this democratic system can work. Democracies function best in situations where immediate forceful action is not needed, so hopefully the democratic process will avail itself to you in these combat scenarios. Now, those vehicles are on their way. I bid you all a good evening. My darling Fabian, would you come with me for a moment.

Fabian: Of course, Papa.

Brennan: Bill Seacaster takes you aside and brings you over to the garage, and he raises it up and you see the Hangman. Red and white gorgeous skull and crossbones motorcycle, you see that it roars with fire.

Hangman: Master, again I see you. I am ready to serve.

Fabian: Fantastic! Oh Papa, you've done such a fantastic job! It's absolutely gorgeous.

Bill: For my darling boy, this hellish contraption. I love you more than I can say, and may it serve you well.

Fabian: Well, Papa, I've gotta take her out for a spin. Once around the block, shall we?

Bill: You and me?

Fabian: I mean, I mean -

Bill: You and me? Me on the back?

Fabian: If you -

Bill: I love it!

Fabian: Okay, Papa.

Brennan: And you see he climbs onto the back of the motorcycle, hugs his arms around you and says,

Bill: Now go, lad, and never stop!

Fabian: Excuse me, Hangman, can we do once around the block, please?

Hangman: Thy wish is my command.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check out the window?

Murph: Yeah, I wanna see a fucking teenager riding with his dad.

Zac: I only got a 9.

Murph: Uh, yep, that's a 16.

Brennan: Yeah, oh, for sure. You see Fabian in his Letterman jacket, and his father, still shirtless, hugging him on the back of a motorcycle, tearing off down the street. You see it is, uh, you guys have been working all day, so it's like six o'clock at night, it's kind of like rush hour. Fabian pops up onto the sidewalk and you see that Bill Seacaster draws his saber and just starts hawking mailboxes, just thwap, thwap, thwap.

Fabian: Papa, stop!

Bill: On your guard!

Fabian: Okay!

Bill: On your guard, downtown Elmville! It's never safe, death around every corner!

Fabian: Great, ugh.

Brennan: Uh, wonderful. You guys all get home. Your parents are all variously freaking the fuck out. Fig, your mom is a little bit less so.

Ally: Cute.

Emily: My mom sucks. Doesn’t love me.

Brennan: But the rest of you guys get home. The next day, you guys wake up, and you guys head back to the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Emily: On my way, I'd like to stop by and see Gilear. I guess I'd like to go out of my way to stop by the Strongtower Luxury Apartments and see Gilear.

Brennan: Absolutely.

Emily: Before school.

Brennan: Um, cool. You knock on the door, and your father, uh, your "father" opens.

Emily: I wish my father would open the door. Just finally see his face.

Brennan: Opens the door and you see that he's in sort of a white undershirt, boxers, and like a terrycloth bathrobe.

Lou: God.

Brennan: You see he looks out. You see that there is like, just a lot of open yogurt containers, and some like -

Murph: Yogurt.

Siobhan: So sad. So wet.

Ally: So what? So wet?

Fig: Smells, uh, there's a lot of dairy in here.

Siobhan: No, the yogurt. The wet thing we just -

Brennan: You see he looks and says,

Gilear: Ah, my sweet daughter, hello. You've come to the Strongtower Luxury Apartments early in the morning.

Fig: Yeah. I'm just stopping by. It's not a big deal. I just wanna let you know, if you're looking for, you know, something to do with your days, a reason to get out of the terrycloth bathrobe, there's two positions open at school, and, you know, I know you and I have had our differences, but it would be cool with me if you worked there, be cool to see each other a little more and whatnot. Or whatever.

Brennan: He looks back into the apartment full of yogurt cups and says,

Gilear: I have a couple of irons in the fire -

Fig: Really, what are those irons?

Gilear: I'm waiting on some calls on my crystal to come back, there are some people. A friend of mine down in Bastion City knows a guy who's starting up a crystal company and they're looking for -

Emily: Can I Detect Thought on him?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Ally: Detect what?

Emily: I'm gonna detect his thoughts.

Brennan: He rolled a nat 1, I just wanna point that out. The thing that flashes across his head is him saying,

Gilear: Last night I couldn't go to sleep, so I tried to jerk off but was too sad to -

Siobhan: Oh god.

Gilear: And stayed up all night eating yogurt.

Emily: Oh god.

Brennan: That's what's on his mind, that's what a nat 1 will get ya.

Lou: Jesus.

Fig: Oh, um.

Gilear: Fig, why are you reacting that way?

Siobhan: You don't wanna dive deeper into his brain?

Emily: No, I, I, I rescind, I try to stop Detect Thoughts from happening. I don't wanna hear anything else.

Brennan: You dismiss the spell.

Gilear: So I've got a lot of things going on. Pretty busy over here, but I will -

Fig: If you wanna come in, I kinda have an in with the vice principal.

Gilear: Are you asking me, because I can call my friend up and say, hey, no, nope, no thank you.

Fig: Yeah, I think make that call.

Gilear: Alright.

Fig: In fact, maybe I could help you get into something, clean yourself up a little bit, and you can come to school with me! I can introduce you to the vice principal, and you just be thinking right now whether you'd rather be a guidance counselor or a lunch lady.

Gilear: Well I wouldn't be a lunch lady, I'd be a serving -

Fig: Lunch lad, pardon me.

Gilear: I don't like lunch lad.

Brennan: You see he says,

Gilear: I will get myself cleaned up, although, as an elf, my hygiene is impeccable and these terrycloths were woven by elves and repel all but the most powerful stains.

Fig: So it's some powerful yogurt then?

Gilear: Oh shit, um.

Fig: I think just, just do a big change.

Gilear: There's some jam -

Fig: Just a big change. Everything you're wearing, change it for something else. And then just dunk your head in the sink.

Gilear: Um, alright. I was thinking about buying a… My hair's kind of thinning up top, I was thinking about maybe getting a… Not that elves necessarily go bald, but I might have been, I think -

Emily: Can I cast Minor Illusion so he has a little fedora on his head?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Emily: I do that.

Fig: How about that?

Gilear: I know not what has inspired this sudden act of mercy and kindness, but I shall repay you as a father can, in love and, if you want, yogurt. I have some -

Fig: No, no, I want nothing to do with yogurt, and your yogurt, and anything that you have to do with yogurt. Anyways, um -

Gilear: It's going to go bad in probably another day or two, I bought too much.

Fig: That's, okay, um, I'm just, you know what, I'm gonna go ahead and close this door and stand here, and when you're all ready, I'll be here, and you can open the door and we can go walk to school together.

Gilear: Cool, cool, my child, cool, cool.

Brennan: And he closes the door.

Emily: Actually, wait, while he does that, can I go in and just throw out all his yogurt while he's changing?

Brennan: It doesn't expire tomorrow, it expired yesterday.

Emily: Oh god.

Brennan: You throw it all out. He comes out in like, a crisp white shirt and some slacks. It's sort of like, he put on a little bit of weight after the divorce, and so it kinda doesn't fit super great, but he's got a little illusory hat on. He says,

Gilear: Very well. To the west, or, I guess north? Mostly north?

Fig: It's north, yeah.

Gilear: North we go.

Emily: Cool.

Brennan: He gets in his old, ratty car, turns the little elemental engine on. You guys arrive at school, you walk in. Where do you take your dad?

Emily: To Principal Goldenrod.

Siobhan: Goldenhoard.

Brennan: You walk to Vice Principal Goldenhoard's office, you knock on it, you hear a voice,

Goldenhoard: Come in, come in!

Brennan: You walk in, Vice Principal Goldenhoard looks up and goes,

Goldenhoard: Ah, it's young Miss Faeth! And, uh -

Brennan: He says,

Gilear: Uh, Gilear Faeth. I'm the father of young Figueroth Faeth.

Fig: More or less. We use the word father liberally, 'cause obviously. Uh, but -

Goldenhoard: Alright, that has nothing to do with me. Go ahead, what can I do for you?

Fig: Uh, I was thinking Gilear, uh, aka my dad, um, would be a great guidance counselor or lunch lad.

Goldenhoard: Sorry, what? Lunch lad? That's hurtful.

Brennan: You see that he looks up and you see that Gilear says,

Gilear: It has come to my attention that my daughter would benefit from a paternal presence. As such, I would like to avail myself of one of the positions open here at the school. I served as a counselor to the elven people for many long years, and I am gifted at understanding the ways of the heart and emotion. I have healed the madness and sickness...

Brennan: You see that Vice Principal Goldenhoard kind of crosses his fingers and goes,

Goldenhoard: I'm going to have to stop you right there. We've actually just filled the guidance counselor position.

Brennan: And you see he points in a corner of the room you haven't looked in, and you see Jawbone the werewolf over there.

Lou: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: Gives you a surf's up.

Jawbone: Hey, what's going on? Fuck yeah, dude!

Emily: I give it back, I give it back.

Jawbone: Yeah, hell yeah.

Fig: Thanks dude, nice. Welcome.

Jawbone: I fuckin', I got a job! Let's fucking fix kids.

Fig: Yeah, yeah man. That's cool, 'cause Gilear is also interested in the lunch lad position.

Goldenhoard: I am, I am - Uh, well, I can already tell your father is an expert in yogurt, from the glob hanging off -

Brennan: You see your father looks at you and says,

Gilear: I ate a quick cup to bolster my spirits after I changed. I'm ever so sorry.

Brennan: You see that Jawbone says,

Jawbone: Alright, well, it looks like the jobs are filled. Gil, nice to meet ya. Jawbone. I used to deal drugs out of a nightclub, and now I'm the guidance counselor here, so that's cool. Tell you what, I gotta go crack some books, 'cause I'm gonna, I tell you, I'm gonna do the shit out of this job. You think I'm gonna fucking suck at this, you better wake up, 'cause it's fucking guidance time.

Fig: I'm looking forward to talking to you, because I've been taking exclusively barbarian classes and I think it might be wrong.

Brennan: You see Vice Principal Goldenhoard says,

Goldenhoard: Don't talk to him about that, talk to me. That's wrong! You have a class schedule.

Fig: Where?

Goldenhoard: I mean, it was handed out on the first day!

Fig: Oh, I know what happened. You didn't give it to me, because you wanted me to come in and see you.

Goldenhoard: Okay, no. Everyone out. You're both hired. You go to real bard class. Goodbye!

Brennan: He slams the door. You see Jawbone looks over and says,

Jawbone: Hell of a guy, man. Nice guy, nice dude.

Fig: He's great. He's a flirt, watch out.

Jawbone: Oh really? Does he hound around here? Does he dog around?

Brennan: You see Gilear goes -

Lou: Dog around.

Brennan: You see Gilear goes,

Gilear: This is my daughter. I know it's, I raised this young woman and I hate this.

Brennan: You guys head off. Lunchtime or thereabouts, you see Gil's got the hairnet on him, already jumping in.

Emily: Gilear?

Brennan: Gilear, yeah, Gilear's got the hairnet on him. And you guys are all sitting down at lunch together.

Adaine: Guys, I wanted to ask you a question. I only have these like, fake school uniform outfits, because it's the only thing my parents will buy for me. But I was wondering if you guys could like, help me have a makeover?

Kristen: Oh my gosh, yes! I have like, ten camp shirts, all of them different tie-dye, you can pick whatever pattern you want.

Riz: Sounds like you guys got this figured out.

Fabian: Exactly, I mean -

Fig: I've got a leather bustier.

Adaine: I mean, maybe we could go shopping, is what I mean.

Fabian: I'll give you a $45 gift card and you can just go -

Kristen: 45 dollars? We just saw your house!

Fabian: Excuse me, 45 gold pieces.

Kristen: Your dad passed out 800 bucks worth of coke last night.

Fabian: It's snuff powder, alright? But I'll give you like, 45 gold piece gift card and you can go hog wild with it.

Fig: I'm sorry, what is it a gift card to? 'Cause that kind of limits us.

Riz: It's like a Visa gift card type situation?

Fabian: All of my clothes are handmade in foreign lands, alright, I don't know where people like you buy clothes.

Gorgug: I have really good taste, if you want my help.

Adaine: Thank you.

Gorgug: As you can see, I have a beautiful hoodie.

Kristen: I'll go with you guys.

Fig: Yeah, I definitely -

Ally: Staples. Gorgug just does staples.

Fig: I'm gonna go though, to make sure that none of you get seduced by the consumerist lore.

Fabian: Anyway, what -

Siobhan: You get, you wear clothes all the time.

Fig: Yeah, if I didn't, it'd be weirder.

Kristen: I'm super in, I don't just wear tie-dye, I've actually had my eyes on a new hoodie.

Gorgug: Has anybody seen Zayn, while we're talking about this?

Fabian: Yeah, okay, that's what I was gonna get around to, what of Zayn? What are we going to do about Zayn?

Adain: You're right, Zayn, Zayn, Zayn.

Riz: Yeah, he -

Lou: Have we seen Zayn at school today?

Riz: He's somehow involved with the missing girls.

Brennan: Um, as you start talking about Zayn, you see Zelda Donovan, the satyr girl that you were trying to talk to before, turns around from another table, makes her weird eye contact with you for a second and goes,

Zelda: Are you guys talking about Zayn?

Fabian: Yeah.

Gorgug: Mm-hm.

Fabian: Have you seen him today?

Zelda: Um, he didn't show up at school yesterday.

Adaine: Or today?

Riz: Do you know where he lives?

Zelda: Um, I mean, he always hangs around Cravencroft, the cemetery.

Adaine: You think he lives there, though? I mean, I know he's a creep, but -

Fabian: He probably hangs out there.

Gorgug: Um, I wanted to say that I still haven't learned drums yet, but I'm, uh -

Fabian: What are we watching?

Kristen: It's like Michael Cera talking to Michael Cera.

Fabian: Who are those people?

Gorgug: Oh man. And, uh, well, I'm sorry I threw that guy in front of you.

Zelda: It's okay. I, um, I, whatever. I honestly, like, y'know. Everyone does stuff, you know. Like, I don't wear pants and it's just 'cause like, I'm covered in fur, but like, it's not a thing. It's like, you can't see anything, 'cause it's all fur. I have goat legs.

Fabian: Are they talking to each other, or are they just talking down to the ground?

Zelda: I'm sorry.

Brennan: You see that she just starts sweating and says,

Zelda: I'm sorry, that was fucking stupid.

Gorgug: No, I didn't mean -

Brennan: And gets up and walks away.

Murph: Is there any kind of first aid kit or defibrillator in the lunch room?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure. You see one over on the wall.

Murph: Cool.

Riz: You guys have been going down a lot. I might try to, uh, steal this bad boy.

Gorgug: Shall we make a noise over here?

Fabian: Yeah, we can bang.

Fig: Oh yeah, I'll create a -

Riz: Why don't you guys bang around?

Emily: I'll use Thaumaturgy to create a tremor, and everyone will think there is an earthquake.

Gorgug: And I'll yell earthquake!

Kristen: Yeah, great.

Fabian: Then won't somebody run for the first aid kit?

Kristen: Uh, so, should we still hit up Zayn on that crystal?
        
Adaine: I can cast Unseen Servant, and send the servant to get the...

Gorgug: I like this plan.

Fig: I like this plan.

Fabian: Let's do the earthquake plan, go ahead.

Fig: Okay.

Gorgug: Alright.
        
Fig: Three, two...

Gorgug: Tornado! Earthquake!

Murph: Uh, oh boy. Okay, 16 for Stealth.

Brennan: So you yell "tornado" and then "earthquake" as everything starts - You see that Ragh Barkrock, as like, things are running, rushes over, like, holding onto tables, and like, crawling across the ground, gets over to you and smashes your head into a table and goes -

Gorgug: Ow!

Ragh: This guy doesn't even know what a fucking earthquake is, dude!

Brennan: And starts crawling back through the tables, back to his table.

Siobhan: I cast Ray of Sickness on that piece of shit.

Adaine: Don't fuck with my friend, dude!

Ragh: Don't fuck with my dude, friend.

Adaine: That's not a thing!

Kristen: Adaine, in that commotion, I stole this coat. So you don't have to wear a school uniform anymore.

Adaine: I mean, that's really sweet, but you should give it back. Somebody will notice that I'm wearing their coat.

Gorgug: That's my hoodie.

Kristen: Really? That was you? I'm sorry, I've never done anything that wild, you guys. Honestly, I feel unwell. I keep having a lot of dreams. I think I might go try to find Coach Daybreak, just to chat.

Fabian: Alright, that's fine. We can all agree to meet in Cravencroft Cemetery after school? Or in the parking lot?

Fig: Yeah, and I'm also, I'm thinking of following up on the crystal with Zayn.

Murph: Did our earthquake thing work?

Brennan: Oh yeah. You scooted right over, grabbed that first aid kit off the wall. As you do, you see, no one notices, you see Gilear, who's behind the thing, as like food is flying all over him, and you hear,

Gilear: Huh, no! In addition to yogurt, it seems I am now covered in all manner of wet foods!

Brennan: You see that he looks over and says,

Gilear: Um, I don't know my job well enough to know if you're allowed to do that, but if you're not, don't.

Riz: Uh, one of my friends got a cut.

Gilear: By all means, young goblin.

Murph: I take, I like, pull it out of the wall, the screws come loose.

Emily: Can I also set up a little tip jar in front of Gilear?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: So sad.

Brennan: Absolutely.

Emily: I want him to get a little extra cash.

Brennan: The place full of teens sees the tip jar as an immediate fucking bit machine, and the amount of written cruelty that immediately begins to find its way into the tip jar is truly unnerving.

Ally: Oh, that would so happen.

Emily: Cool, that didn't work out.

Brennan: Um, cool. So you guys have made a plan to meet at Cravencroft Cemetery after class lets out. Kristen, you go to find Coach Daybreak.

Kristen: Hey.

Daybreak: Kristen, hey, how's it going?

Kristen: Oh, it's good. How are you, are you busy or?

Daybreak: Nah, I'm alright.

Kristen: Oh, great. I was, uh, I was praying this morning and I thought about a friend of mine and I just need some advice, uh, I was praying for her and she doesn't know if she's Helioic anymore.

Daybreak: Wow.

Kristen: She's straying, she's straying away from Helio. A lot of things don't make sense.

Daybreak: Wow.

Kristen: What would, what should I tell her?

Daybreak: I mean, I'd cut her off, you know? Because she's going straight to Hell.

Kristen: Really?

Daybreak: Yeah, cut her off. I mean, there's no point messing around with that stuff. She is bound for fire.

Kristen: Well, you know, what if, what if some of it's right? And like, some of it started because someone was like, we gotta really be good or else Earth is gonna be Hell, you know? Or, but, maybe not all of it, like all the little rules and stuff, maybe that part, that just kinda got added on at the end and now we're still living with it, you know?

Daybreak: Look, it's, uh, faith is kind of a wild thing, right? Basically, the way it works is like this. There's people that don't believe in Helio, alright, and there's people that do believe in Helio, okay? And people that do believe in Helio are good people, right, because they wouldn't believe in Helio if they weren't good people.

Kristen: Yeah, it kinda makes you become a good person, too.

Daybreak: Right. So I look at it as like this. The things that people who believe in Helio do are good, right? And the things that people do that don't believe in Helio, those are bad, okay? Does that make sense? Am I kind of making sense here?

Kristen: But I'm reading so much about the Crusades, and it feels like all the people who believed in Helio just like, they killed a bunch of people. I heard a thing where they took, they all had coats they loved, the indigenous people, and they burned all the coats, like, after they had already won. They just piled the coats, and they lit them on fire, and they were like, these were ugly anyway. Is like a straight quote.

Daybreak: Well, I think the thing about that to remember is, does it matter whether or not you burn a coat if the person is gonna burn forever in Hell? Does that make sense? I'm trying to think -

Kristen: My other friend's gay.

Daybreak: Well, they're going to Hell.

Kristen: Mm, okay, uh.

Daybreak: I'm just trying to shoot you straight.
        
Kristen: I think -

Daybreak: Does that make sense?

Kristen: Yeah.

Daybreak: I just don't want you to get caught up in that.

Kristen: What about -

Daybreak: See, here's the thing. Sol, right, is the god of the sun. And the sun gives life to everything. But also burns, okay.

Murph: That's such, insane.

Emily: It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. The coats. Oh, sorry.

Ally: It's really just pulled out from the Zoot Suit Riots.

Emily: I'm just like, trying not to laugh, and it came out as tears.

Ally: Ooh, baby.

Brennan: You see the coach looks at you and says,

Daybreak: My understanding of God is this. When I think about people that aren't like me, I get so mad and it feels like there's a sun inside me that's burning my insides, right? And, you know, whether Sol says do something or don't do something, I believe in him, so I'd rather believe in him and not do what he said, than do what he said and not believe in him. Does that make sense?

Kristen: Yeah.

Daybreak: Just be mad, okay? I'm just gonna try and boil it down.

Kristen: Okay.

Daybreak: Just be mad.
        
Kristen: Thanks. Oh yeah, maybe, maybe. I'm gonna start keeping a journal for each day my friend believes in Helio or doesn't, and then whatever the end total is, I'll just tell her to do that.

Daybreak: Hey, guess what? If they don't believe in Helio, they're not your friend, okay?

Kristen: Cool.

Daybreak: Tell me about them and where they are.

Kristen: What?

Daybreak: Tell me about them and where they are, if they don't believe in Helio.

Kristen: Oh yeah, it's a friend that lives far away.

Daybreak: Good.

Kristen: Hmm?

Daybreak: 'Cause they're not your friend, it's good they're far.

Kristen: Yeah, this is, uh, you know what?

Daybreak: Thanks for coming, you can always -

Kristen: You know who Helio hung out with? Different, people different from him. People different than Helio.

Daybreak: I -

Kristen: Do you want this bracelet? 'Cause I think I'm never gonna wear it again.

Ally: It's the one that says remember to pray and the fire is inside you.

Brennan: You see he takes it and goes,

Daybreak: You don't want it? Why don't you wanna remember to pray?

Kristen: I have maybe a little too much fire inside me, I'm trying to -

Daybreak: Oh, that's good. Too much fire inside is a good thing. Here's the thing. Okay, Helio hung out with somebody, Helio did that or this. There's a million of those things, you'll go crazy trying to keep track of all those rules. Just remember, you believe in Helio. And then, that's it.

Kristen: Okay.

Daybreak: And then just put your head down and go.

Kristen: Okay, okay, yeah, totally.

Daybreak: You're a good kid.

Kristen: Ah, it's so good to talk to you. My parents say hi.

Daybreak: Oh, say hi to them for me, okay, say hi to Donna, that's great, awesome.

Kristen: Yeah, we'll see you Sunday.

Daybreak: See you around, see you on Sunday.

Kristen: See ya. Shit.

Brennan: Uh, you walk from that extremely horrifying encounter with Coach Daybreak. You guys head out from there. You guys see, as you're walking out of school to go ahead to the cemetery, which is actually not too far away, you can see it's sort of right nearby, so it's easy to walk. You pass, you see there's like, a little grand opening of a little chain bank next to the school, sort of opening up. You see it sort of smells like paint coming out of it. You see this big, three red letters, KVX on it, KVX Bank, as you're walking by.

Ally: Uh, can we hop in and see if there's any like, free pens or like -

Emily: Or lollipops.

Fabian: Okay, why do we need anything? We will just go buy better things if we want them.

Kristen: What, okay, well -

Murph: Can I just look in the glass real quick, just see if anybody's weird's in there or anything.

Kristen: Yeah, can I like, check it out?

Brennan: Uh, cool, you can check it out. Go for it.

Zac: I want to as well.

Ally: Uh, what is check it out?

Zac: Nat 1.

Siobhan: I got a nat 20.

Murph: 2.

Brennan: Nat 20!

Ally: Perception? Oh, I have a lot. I have 25.

Murph: I'm breathing too much and I'm fogging up the glass.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: 20 is great. You look in and see that not only are there no free lollipops and no free pens of any kind, you see there's a big sign at the front that says Store Policy: No Complimentary Pens or Candies.

Adaine: This place sucks.

Fig: Damn.

Gorgug: I rolled a nat 1.

Siobhan: And not in a good lollipop way.

Brennan: This place seems honestly kind of cool.

Gorgug: Are we going in?

Kristen: No, let's forget, right.

Fabian: If you guys need lollipops and pens, I'll buy them for you, God.

Fig: Wait a second. A bank without free pens or lollipops? Isn't that a little bit suspicious?

Group: No!

Adaine: It's just a bad bank.

Fig: Like a front for something?

Fabian: No, alright.

Gorgug: I just wanna, can somebody Detect Magic on it?

Fabian: People with money go to banks.

Kristen: Did you do more of that snuff?

Adaine: Sure, I'll cast Detect Magic on it.

Fig: No.

Brennan: With that nat 20, you don't even need to. You can see the place is filled with magic. You see that there's a bunch of armored cars, elemental vehicles. They're taking out huge things of like, big gold coins, just like -

Siobhan: Out, they're taking it out?

Brennan: Out of the trucks and into the bank.

Siobhan: Oh.

Brennan: So filling up the location, basically.

Adaine: Oh, okay. Do you think this is a magical bank or do you think this is some kind of cover for -

Fabian: I think this is just a bank! People put money in a bank. Why are we, we don't need to read into this bank, are you all so poor that you don't understand how banks work?

Kristen: We didn't get anything from Zayn, I just feel like we gotta catch up.

Gorgug: It just feels like a pretty cool bank to me, I don't know.

Adaine: I'm very rich, but my parents are very stingy.

Lou: I'm going to start to walk off into the cemetery, Jesus Christ.

Murph: I also walk to the cemetery.

Emily: I'm gonna join them over there.

Brennan: You guys head to the cemetery.

Zac: You guys have to pull me along.

Fabian: They're so poor. God, they don't understand how banks work.

Emily: Dragging Gorgug by his hoodie.

Gorgug: It's a cool bank.

Brennan: You guys arrive at Cravencroft. Cravencroft is a very spooky cemetery, especially towards this time of night. During the daytime, it's actually okay, you can go and like, visit. And Riz, you see your dad's grave up on the little hill.

Lou: Oh god.

Murph: I don't tell anyone.

Ally: Awww! God, that kills me. Riz.

Brennan: But you see that there's like the section where Johnny Spells and the greasers are all buried.

Ally: Sorry. That fucking kills me.

Emily: Can I do a knowledge, or would I know if someone, if Zayn becomes invisible, would his little rat also become invisible?

Brennan: His little rat also would become invisible, yes.

Emily: Okay, could I, could I just real quick, just gonna do this, if nothing comes from it, that's fine. I'd like to create a Minor Illusion of a, of a sexy rat.

Siobhan: What?

Emily: I just -

Ally: I see what they're doing.

Brennan: I need you right now, Emily Axford, to verbally describe a sexy rat. Put an image in my head, as the Dungeon Master, for what that is.

Emily: Okay, so it's like, a real wet nose.

Brennan: That's so gross. I try not to judge your character choices, but that sucks.

Zac: Incredible start, incredible start.

Lou: So hot, so fucking hot, dude.

Emily: And it's like, um, really, really pointy, the whiskers are like, long, and like, curled at the end, like Farrah Fawcett hair. And the ears are like, so perfectly circular, and then the tail is like, super long, and like, the front paws are super skinny, but then the back legs are like, meaty.

Fabian: That's absolutely disgusting.

Riz: That's a hot rat.

Kristen: That is honestly a hot rat.

Brennan: So this fucking nightmare rat is created with illusory magic.

Fabian: Oh my God, what the fuck is that?

Gorgug: Ahhh!

Fabian: What the fuck is that?

Murph: Riz is a little attracted to the rat.

Fabian: What the fuck is that? Where did that come from?

Kristen: Yeah, she's kinda cute.

Fabian: What is that?

Riz: That's kind of a hot rat.

Fabian: What the fuck is that?

Emily: In Elvish, I say,

Fig: Guys, be cool.

Adaine: Zayn is an elf, you idiot, he will understand every word that we say.

Gorgug: What did you say, I didn't understand?

Fabian: What the fuck is that?

Brennan: You guys see that the sexy rat takes off into the graveyard, kinda like swaying its hips back and forth.

Ally: It's on what?

Brennan: Looking around, kind of -

Fabian: What is wrong with that rat?

Ally: I'm just watching it the whole time.

Brennan: You see it kind of winks over at like, a little gargoyle -

Zac: What?

Adaine: Why did you do this?

Gorgug: It's so stupid.

Brennan: You see that it finds a little acorn by a tree and picks it up and goes like - Mm, too big. Acorn too big.

Fabian: What is this? What did you do?

Fig: Okay guys, get in, get in, bring it in so no one can hear.

Fabian: What?

Fig: Zayn has his rat, and I'm trying to lure out his rat.

Kristen: Oh, cool.

Fig: To find out if he's invisible here.

Fabian: That's the most insane plan I've ever heard.

Fig: Well, it's only a cantrip, so -

Zac: Can I make a Perception check?

Brennan: Make a Perception check.

Zac: 9.

Lou: Yeah, can we investigate the area?

Murph: Are we, are we near, we're not near Johnny Spells' grave yet?

Brennan: Grave? No, you're not.

Murph: Maybe we should sneak up on his grave.

Ally: Yeah, let's go... 13.

Siobhan: Sneak up on there, and then I would like to cast Detect - If I cast Detect Thoughts nearby him, will I be able to sense that he's there?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Uh, yes. Detect Thoughts will bypass invisibility.

Kristen: I think the rat is a good idea though.

Fabian: No, leave -

Kristen: I think it'll work.

Brennan: I want all you guys to, you don't need to make perception rolls for this, you see that a fucking enormous owl comes down and grabs the sexy rat and takes off.

Murph: I wanna shoot the owl.

Fabian: No, do not shoot - That owl has done the fucking world a service, alright?

Lou: Can I slap that shit out of Riz?

Riz: I'm sorry, I thought -

Fabian: Stop!

Riz: The rat was cute.

Brennan: Now I need everybody here to make a perception check.

Siobhan: Nat 20 again.

Ally: Hell yeah, 22.

Murph: A goddamn 2.

Lou: 8.

Emily: I got a nat 1.

Brennan: Oh, terrible. You don't see anything, because I assume that the death of your sexy rat is much too jarring.

Fig: It was so hot.

Lou: Can I go put my hand on her shoulder.

Fabian: It's for the best, truly.

Brennan: Adaine, so everyone else is bickering and arguing, and your keen elven senses follow the owl. You survey this, Cravencroft is a large cemetery. On multiple trees, around the edge of the cemetery, you begin to count, there are about seven or eight owls watching the cemetery. And as you skirt the edges, in the long grasses towards the fence, you notice about 10 or 12 cats, that you just clock all of them at once.

Adaine: Everybody shut up.

Kristen: What, why?

Fabian: Why?

Kristen: It was hot.

Fabian: Did you see that sexy rat? How are we supposed to come back from that shit.

Kristen: That owl was so sexy too.

Adaine: I need you to, I'm trying to tell you important information.

Fabian: No, no it wasn't.

Riz: The owl was just a regular owl.

Adaine: That owl is not a regular owl. That owl is not a regular owl. There are owls and cats surrounding us right now.

Fabian: What size, how big?

Adaine: Like, eight owls.

Kristen: You're right.

Adaine: Owls are big.

Gorgug: We're at a cemetery at night. That's normal, right?

Adaine: No, it's not.

Kristen: No, that's a lot.

Riz: And they're just hanging out?

Adaine: Can you please Detect Evil?

Ally: Yeah, can I do Detect Good and Evil?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely. As you cast Detect Evil, you detect a faint aura of menace. You see that one of the cats far away turns and looks at you. You get a faint aura of menace from its eyes. The cats disappear, and you see the owls take off.

Emily: Did they all just disappear?

Kristen: They're evil.

Emily: So none of them are left? Are there any cats left?

Brennan: Not that you can see. Everybody make a Perception check once more.

Emily: Ooh.

Ally: 16.

Lou: Nat 1.

Murph: 7.

Siobhan: I got 21.

Ally: Oh, 17.

Zac: 15.

Siobhan: But not natural.

Emily: I got 21 as well.

Brennan: 21 as well? You hear the last of the of the owls flying away and the sun setting, the light fading from the last of the horizon. As you talk about the owls, you hear a voice, not behind you, literally standing in the middle of you say,

Voice: More owls than normal at Cravencroft.

Kristen: Gah!

Brennan: And there is just a, about eight foot tall, rail thin, maybe like 110 pound, undertaker, standing in the midst of you.

Gorgug: Where did you come from?

Fabian: Yeah, exactly!

Undertaker: I work here at the cemetery.

Kristen: Yes, but -

Adaine: No, but you weren't here a second ago.

Undertaker: I walked up.

Fig: Is it cool if I smoke here?

Undertaker: Yes.

Fig: Okay.

Undertaker: We're outside.

Fabian: Alright, who are you?

Undertaker: I am Sylvester, the caretaker of Cravencroft. Dark secrets here in the cemetery, the final resting place of many of Elmville's own.

Fig: Yeah, I heard a, heard a couple of those tiefling greasers died, I bet a lot of people have been here recently for that.

Sylvester: No, very few have come to visit those jabronis.

Gorgug: It sounds like you're falling down a well.

Fabian: I'm sorry, did you say jabronis?

Sylvester: That is how they referred to those whom they dismissed as lesser than, and it seems the town was only too eager to return that feeling in kind.

Adaine: You haven't seen a real shitty-looking goth kid?

Sylvester: Constantly, he's always around.

Adaine: The constantly including now?

Fig: What does he do here? Does he only go to where the tieflings were buried, or does he just kind of wander? Is he more here for the ambience, do you think?

Sylvester: He kind of just hangs around.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: 4.

Brennan: 4. This guy seems very cool. And here's the thing, you're 90% sure he's not your dad, but there's a chance. He's not an orc, so you feel like probably not, right? But maybe.

Gorgug: Hey, I just have to ask. It's on my mind. Everybody's gonna think this is stupid, but uh.

Sylvester: By all means. There are no stupid questions.

Gorgug: Are you my freaking dad?

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Sylvester: How would that work? Why would you assume that?

Gorgug: I, I mean. If you were my dad, you'd know how it would work.

Kristen: Okay, Fig, can you make another sexy rat?

Sylvester: No!

Kristen: 'Cause I'm gonna cast Light on it, and then we'll be able to see. 'Cause I can't see any of you and it's getting really creepy.

Adaine: Why don't you just cast Light on your stuff?

Emily: I make another sexy rat.

Kristen: I've been casting Light on my religious stuff, but I just need a not, I need a break from religion for a little while, okay? So I'm not gonna cast Light on it, I need something else.

Fig: Here you go, a sexy rat.

Kristen: A sexy, feminine rat. Alright, we have a bright, glowing rat.

Brennan: Sylvester says,

Sylvester: Hah, not the normal ambience of this place. Somehow more disturbing in its provocative -

Ally: The rat is like, touching its six nipples.

Emily: Yeah, this time it's pregnant.

Sylvester: I don't like you children.

Brennan: You see he says,

Sylvester: To answer your question, I could not be your father. My junk was all messed up in a bicycle accident.

Fabian: Christ, alright. Mr Sylvester -

Fig: Wait, a bicycle accident?

Riz: Have you talked to the goth kid?

Fabian: Yeah, exactly.

Adaine: Yeah, the goth kid.

Riz: Thank you.

Fig: Bicycle, like as in motorcycle?

Adaine: Goth kid.

Sylvester: No, a regular bicycle.

Riz: He's no one's dad!

Fig: I wasn't sure if it was -

Gorgug: I bet you ride one of those bikes that has a big front wheel.

Sylvester: Yes, a velocipede.

Riz: Right, have you talked to that goth kid ever?

Sylvester: The seat fell off and I tried to sit down on the metal part.

Fabian: Hello, um, Mr Sylvester.

Sylvester: Yes.

Fabian: Hi, my name is Fabian, Fabian Seacaster -

Kristen: What exactly happened to your junk?

Fig: Oh my god.

Sylvester: Doctors still don't know.

Gorgug: Did it get -

Sylvester: It got all jambled up in there.

Riz: Hi, Riz Gukgak. Have you ever spoken to that emo kid?

Sylvester: Zayn Darkshadow. Many times did he wander this cemetery, dancing to his Walkman and saying poetry to the headstones. I asked him to leave a bunch of times, and he never did.

Riz: Can you talk to dead people?

Sylvester: Can I speak to the dead? Yes, I speak to them all the time.

Gorgug: Do they, like, it's actual conversation?

Sylvester: I do most of the talking.

Adaine: Is Zayn Darkshadow his real name? Or is his name actually like, Jeff Spratt?

Sylvester: Zayn Darkshadow named himself.

Adaine: Of course he did, of course he did.

Sylvester: When he sued for emancipation from the foster system.

Adaine: Oh, that's sad.

Sylvester: Yeah, you all feel like a bunch of assholes now.

Fabian: I don't, 'cause I've been -

Fig: I have a question.

Sylvester: Don't you? Judging a poor kid.

Fig: I have a question and, uh, do you know what songs he likes to listen to? Since he's walking around and he's singing along with his Walkman?

Sylvester: It involved a lot of him making two fists and rotating them around each other clockwise -

Fabian: Like a Cabbage Patch kind of situation?

Sylvester: Kind of like this, and then a back. 

Kristen: Aww, EDM.

Sylvester: Yes, yes, ethereal dance music.

Fabian: Have you seen him today? Have you seen Zayn today?

Adaine: Or yesterday.

Sylvester: Why, yes. No, not to - Wait, what, it's Friday.

Gorgug: Did you see him today?

Sylvester: I did not see him today. I know where the young lad lives.

Adaine: Oh.

Riz: That would be great.

Fig: Yeah.

Sylvester: If you wish to visit his dwelling place, he lives down the street this way, five blocks. There's a deli, and he lives above the deli, in an apartment that the state paid for when he sued for emancipation. He lived by himself, he had a sad life. Yeah, that's right.

Adaine: Why do you keep saying had?

Fabian: Wait, why are you speaking in the past tense?

Sylvester: What's that?

Adaine: Yeah, why are you speaking in the past tense?

Murph: Can I investigate this guy?

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: Yeah, I would like to also investigate this guy.

Murph: 14.

Emily: Oh my god.

Siobhan: Oooh, er, 13.

Emily: I would like to do a Perception to see if this is actually Zayn Darkshadow. That's gonna be a 3.

Gorgug: I'm gonna touch him.

Brennan: Go on, you touch him.

Gorgug: Uh, 18.

Brennan: He appears to be telling the truth. He appears to be the real guy. You see he says,

Sylvester: Zayn was -

Brennan: You see he reaches into a pocket of his coat, takes out a little sort of pearl that is now icy white.

Sylvester: This was jet black. Zayn gave it to me and said, if it were ever to turn icy white, that would mean he had passed from this moral realm.

Fig: Why was he concerned with you knowing if he had passed?

Sylvester: He really wanted me to like what he was up to.

Fabian: Excuse me, might we -

Fig: Can I see that pearl?

Sylvester: Sure.

Fig: Thank you

Siobhan: Can I -

Emily: I just pocket it.

Adaine: Wait, give it to me. I'll cast Identify on it.

Fig: Maybe we could after -

Adaine: Alright. It seems like everybody in this game really has some daddy issues.

Sylvester: I don't. I talk to my father all the time.

Gorgug: Is he dead?

Kristen: Me too, but really, every religious person has -

Brennan: And he turns and stalks off into the graveyard.

Fig: Okay, here, cast Identify on this.

Siobhan: I cast Identify on the pearl.

Identify Spell: Ah yes, a Pearl of Life. This is a minor and rather common magical item, used by necromancers to mark the passing of those who have been attuned to the pearl. The pearl, given in a jet black state, will mark the living status of that who has been attuned to it. Upon turning icy white, the pearl has marked that user's passage into the underworld, usually through a process known as death. The pearl is worth almost nothing, and are often traded as sort of friendship tokens by necromancers, from one to the other. This has been the Identify spell.

Kristen: Can you ask if it's reusable?

Fig: Or ask if it was attuned with Zayn or someone else.

Siobhan: It does say, can I, can I tell who it is attuned to?

Brennan: Give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Nat 20, baby.

Murph: What?

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You look into the pearl and you see Zayn Darkshadow's dead body.

Adaine: Oh God.

Kristen: Fuck.

Adaine: Guys, I think he's dead. I mean, I guess there's a possibility that he entered into the underworld and didn't die and he's on some kind of weird like -

Murph: Can we see his apartment?

Emily: Before we do this, I'm gonna take out the crystal, and I'm gonna text the number that was Zayn Darkshadow's and say, You up? Basically. And say, Things got wacky at the Black Pit. Look, uh, you wanna meet up soon?

Kristen: Well, if someone killed him, then that means they probably took the crystal, so they're getting this.

Fig: That's what I'm saying, yes.

Fabian: Perfect.

Riz: Alright, let's go to his -

Brennan: You shoot the text, no immediate reply. You guys head down the street. You are in the Elm Valley neighborhood, this is where your parents live, it's where your house is. Very ticky-tacky little houses, a little deli, kind of like, one of those weird, musty delis in like, very suburban neighborhoods that's like, not a lot of foot traffic so hardly anyone comes in. And above it, you see there's a tiny little apartment. The front door is locked.

Murph: Can I try to pick it?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it. Uh, that would be a Thieves’ Tools proficiency.

Murph: Okay, so 8 plus whatever that is.

Brennan: Whatever Dex is, yeah, no worries. You see Riz goes up, picks the lock. There's a very thin staircase with like, spiderwebs and other kind of stuff, like a black light. You guys walk up the steps, and you see there is a small, basically one room apartment. There's not even a bathroom, there's just a toilet in the corner.

Adaine: God, this black light is showing up so much cum.

Kristen: Ugh, yeah. Is that what that is?

Adaine: I think so.

Brennan: You guys see around here, yeah, there's just a bunch of stuff. It is a fucking wreck in here. There's like, broken furniture, the bed is all strewn about, there's stuff sort of thrown everywhere. Go ahead and make whatever checks you guys would make in this new environment.

Murph: Let's make an Investigate.

Ally: I got a 26 Perception, can I check and see if it's been like, drawers have been searched through, like someone robbed?

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I got 25, 25 Investigate.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ, I got another nat 20.

Ally: Fuck yeah!

Siobhan: What the hell is going on with this dice?

Brennan: Incredible. Okay, what did you get for Perception?

Ally: 27.

BRennan: Did you roll a nat 20?

Ally: No, I got a 19 and I have, uh -

Murph: I also got a 19.

Brennan: A nat 20 from Adaine.

Emily: There’s really no point in me rolling -

Murph: 25 Investigate.

Brennan: 25 Investigate from Riz, cool.

Emily: I did get a 10.

Zac: I got a 10 as well.

Brennan: Cool, 10 as well. Fabian, anything from you?

Lou: A 5.

Brennan: First of all, to your question. Yes, this place was rifled through.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: You start looking around. What you guys find, each of you finds a different thing. The first thing Adaine finds is, you find a whole bunch of ritual material. It's like, very well-kept star maps of the night sky, so incredible astronomical star maps. There are instructions for a ritual that involves certain stages of the moon, so they require it to be on the new moon, and the actual text of the invocation begins "On this All Hallows’ Eve".

Adaine: Oh God, so he has a very specifically Hallows’ Eve spell.

Fig: When is Hallows’ Eve?

Adaine: When is, that's soon, right?

Brennan: You, with that nat 20, you're looking at it. You don't think it was coming up. You think it happened.

Siobhan: Oh.

Brennan: You notice, the one thing that strikes your attention with that Investigate check, or that Perception check, is that his rat cage, his little rat cage, with like, little sawdust on the floor, little toys, stuff like that, the door is open, but it's not broken, meaning, it looks like the latch was undone. But you notice that it has been like, moved from where it normally stands, if that makes sense. Your intuition is telling you that this was opened during the combat that happened in here, during whatever fucking crazy thing happened in here. Oh, by the way, you also notice arcane residue of blood being cleaned magically. Prestidigitation of blood being cleaned. So this place wasn't put back together, but evidence was destroyed. Riz, you find two things. A little bottle in his bathroom that says, "Keep Cadaverously Cool With Midnight Ice Body Temperature Pills", little pills that he took to keep his body extremely cold. You also find, underneath his bed, Johnny Spells' contract with his demonic overlord. Johnny Spells' soul contract with Gorthalax the Insatiable.

Murph: Cool, so I'll bring it out and I'll show these guys. Can we read it?

Ally: Yeah, I'll show my findings to everyone too.

Siobhan: Yeah, can we read it?

Emily: Yeah.

Gorgug: We all found stuff.

Fig: What did he, oh, maybe we'll find out why he didn't fuck.

Fabian: I just took a break real quick.

Emily: Can we, yeah, let's definitely read -

Adaine: Yeah, why was he NoFap?

Fig: Why was he NoFap?

Brennan: You guys all rolled pretty fucking incredibly. You make a connection between the star map and the rituals, and that the ritual that, even though it's in Zayn Darkshadow's hand, it looks like Zayn reverse-engineered the ritual Johnny Spells used to become a warlock. And having his contract, however the fuck Zayn managed to get that here, must have given him some incredible power over Johnny Spells, to be able to call on him to do things. What you also realize is that the star chart and the new moon and the "On Hallows’ Eve", combining those together, you can completely find out where this ritual was done, because you know it had to be on Hallows’ Eve, you know what phase of the moon it was, and you know the stars and their position in the sky when it happened. So you could pinpoint to like a geographical certainty where this ritual went down.

Adaine: Okay, we can figure this out. I also think that we should call your mum, dude, 'cause there was a lot of blood in this room that's been cleaned up, so somebody has been here after whatever happened, and like, something went down.

Lou: I'm sorry, Zayn's body is in this room?

Brennan: No, Zayn's body is not in this room.

Ally: Is the rat in this room?

Brennan: The rat is not in this room either.

Emily: If he was invisible, you can't be invisible after death, right?

Brennan: No.

Siobhan: How far away is the place where the ritual happened?

Brennan: I would need you to make an Arcana check, and it would probably be something you'd have to do over like a couple minutes.

Siobhan: Okay.

Murph: Can I make another -

Kristen: Should we call your mom?

Riz: We can make an anonymous call.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check again?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: Ooh, I got an 18.

Brennan: Uh, cool. What are you looking for?

Zac: I just feel like, it just feels weird, so I just wanted to make sure that there's not like, another person coming or -

Brennan: Another weird thing in here?

Zac: Yeah. Or just like, someone watching us.

Brennan: I'll tell you what you figure out. The weapon that did this, that like, broke furniture and stuff, was a two-handed slashing weapon. So like a greataxe or something similar.

Gorgug: Did I do this?

Fig: It's that freaking, it's that freaking barbarian teacher.

Riz: Can we see if there's any corn evidence, as they call it in the business? In the Rizness.

Fabian: Ugh, never say that again. Never ever say that again.

Riz: As they call it in the Rizness.

Fabian: No, oh!

Riz: Looking for corn.

Fabian: I'm trying to save you.

Riz: I'm sniffing around for corn.

Fig: What about, what about the Ballsness?

Brennan: Give me another Investigate check.

Fabian: No.

Murph: Oh boy, not, 12.

Fabian: I don't think we should be using our names in catchphrases at all.

Brennan: You actually do find some stuff in there, written in the margins of things. The thing that's not making sense to you anymore is that Zayn was a necromancer, a wizard, so there are some weird religious things similar to the Page of Shadows that animated that corn ooze, right? So there's some of them here or there that Zayn has in some of his notes. You also notice that, where you tend to find those doodles, you tend to find things ripped out, right? So like, things that would have had more clues about that are gone.

Kristen: Can we, should we text the crystal one more time, and see if we hear like, a sound?

Fig: Yes.

Riz: Yeah, that's a good idea.

Emily: I will text -

: Just like another question mark or something.

Emily: I will text tomorrow night, jazzy?

Ally: Jazzy Jeff.

Brennan: You text it and no noise from the room.

Fig: Hmm.

Ally: Okay.

Riz: So the corn stuff's been removed from this little contract here.

Zac: Does anyone have good Animal Handling?

Emily: No.

Siobhan: No.

Lou: What animal would we handle?

Gorgug: Just see, just, I wonder -

Kristen: See if we can lure that rat out with another sexy rat?

Fabian: Please do not conjure -

Ally: We still have the one, like, the bright light sexy rat with us.

Emily: No, it only lasts for a minute, so it definitely disappeared.

Lou: Also, I would have killed it if it was still here.

Fig: So I would like to throw out that Porter, the barbarian teacher, would be wielding

Emily: Do I know what...?

Brennan: He had a hammer, a greathammer.

Emily: But that's gonna be a -

Siobhan: But that's not a slashing weapon.

Gorgug: I think, but also, the guys on the -

Riz: How was your little conversation with the old coach, there? Coach Daybreak?

Fig: What does he wield?

Kristen: It was not good. We just talked about religious shit.

Fig: What does he wield?

Gorgug: I think I know like, another person that could wield like that is the guy from the team that keeps bullying me.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: But we know that one of the faculty was involved.

Adaine: But that doesn't mean that students aren't also involved.

Riz: What if it was that bully kid? He's a barbarian. What if the kid and Daybreak work together?

Fig: Or Porter.

Gorgug: We should just check out the whole team.

Kristen: You're right, because, uh, that, this guy -

Gorgug: He was at the field.

Kristen: He knocked into me when that, he knocked my bible into the corn, and then that bully hit you right afterwards when we were in line, day one, like to get lunch, remember we were talking?

Adaine: Oh my god, their bullying is a smokescreen for much worse things!

Fabian: Not a chance, that boy is much too stupid to get into some kind of -

Riz: Well no, I think he's the muscle.

Fig: I kind of agree.

Gorgug: But he can be stupid, I mean, I'm here.

Fabian: Okay, do not, do not put yourself down like that.

Adaine: You're not stupid.

Fig: Hey, you're great.

Fabian: Don't you dare do that to yourself.

Kristen: You're really smart and a really good dresser.

Fig: Yeah, we really like you.

Fabian: You're not really smart, but you're not dumb.

Kristen: Adaine, are you almost done? 'Cause we can figure that out and then leave.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Oh, I got a 13.

Brennan: A 13, cool. You start putting them together. The location where this must have happened would have been east of the Marigold river, high up somewhere where you can see those stars.

Fig: Y'all, Durinson Mithril Factory.

Emily: Sorry, continue. I just got excited.

Adaine: It could be. That makes sense, it's up in the mountains. East of the river.

Fig: It also seems like somewhere that Zayn would hang out. An abandoned factory?

Riz: All we know is east of the river, or do we know northeast or anything?

Fabian: And high, right? East of the river and high.

Brennan: East of the river and high up, yeah.

Adaine: There's also the top of the Strongtower Luxury Apartments, but that's not as goth.

Riz: And there's also the Thistlespring Tree.

Brennan: Adaine, go ahead and make me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Nat 1.

Brennan: Nat 1. Go ahead and roll for a panic attack.

Siobhan: Uh, 17.

Brennan: Your breath starts to speed up a little bit as you realize that your friends are now basing their decisions off of whether your arcana work was good or not, and you begin to be unsure of everything that you just said.

Ally: I take, I put my hand on her shoulder, and I am into all this like, religious stuff too, so is there a way that I could take over with my Arcana or it's just magic stuff?

Brennan: It's just magic stuff, but you could actually give, you could take like a help action.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Or you could do something like that, yeah. Go ahead and roll advantage on that Arcana check.

Kristen: Adaine.

Adaine: What does it mean?

Kristen: I don't know. That was the first time I've ever done that.

Gorgug: Winked?

Siobhan: I got an 8 and an 18, so an 18.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Adaine: Thank you.

Kristen: No problem.

Brennan: You look back at it. It needs to be somewhere high up. The Strongtower Luxury Apartments are tall, but you immediately realize that the ritual calls for actually seeing the stars. Strongtower's downtown, there'd be too much light pollution for you to be able to see at that -

Ally: Mithril factory.

Adaine: Okay, I think it's the abandoned mithril factory.

Fig: Guys, I have a thought.

Riz: What is it? Does it have to do with a sexy rat?

Adaine: Is it another sexy rat?

Fig: No.

Gorgug: Why are you laughing?

Fig: Well, 'cause it's, it's like, a leap, but may be potentially interesting. If we threw a party at the Durinson abandoned factory -

Kristen: Yes, yes.

Gorgug: I mean, maybe we should just look at it first.

Adaine: No, we should just go and investigate it, why would we throw a -

Kristen: What if we go and we pretend that we're gonna throw a party there?

Riz: Why don't we just go, and maybe we'll throw a party if it's cool there.

Kristen: If people stop us, we say we're throwing a party.

Adaine: Yeah, it's like a party planning investigation.

Fabian: A scouting mission to see if it's worthy of having a party there.

Gorgug: That's a very, it's a leap.

Kristen: Did you make this rat?

Fig: What did you say?

Kristen: Did you make another rat?

Fig: No, that one's just sexy on its own.

Riz: I also have these weird pills that make, they say they keep his body temperature down.

Kristen: Do you think that was a fashion thing, 'cause he wanted to be like, undead?

Adaine: Do you think he was using it on him?

Murph: Can I open the cap and see that there's actual pills in there?

Brennan: Yeah, make a Medicine check.

Murph: Ooh, I actually, I've got the Healer feat, but I don't think that helps me on Medicine checks. Um, 15 plus 16.

Brennan: You crack it open, you smell some of the chemicals that are in there, some of the alchemical properties. There's a little bit of like, ghoul blood or something in here that would, it would take your body heat all the way down, take your body temperature way down without killing you, it would make you not sweat, it would make your biological functions kind of freeze up.

Zac: Wait a second. Look at the pearl again.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Siobhan: Is it still, Is the pearl still white?

Ally: Can we check if the pearl is white or black?

Brennan: The pearl is still white.

Zac: Okay, I'm sorry.

Siobhan: No, it might be right, I mean -

Fabian: See, but it's moments like that that prove you're smart!

Gorgug: But I'm usually wrong.

Adaine: I think it's a great instinct.

Brennan: The pills are neutral, the pills are - 'Cause they don't actually hurt you, they're just cosmetic. It's a thing that necromancers -

Ally: But they weren't like fucked with or anything?

Brennan: Not that you can see, no, there doesn't appear to be any poison or -

Siobhan: How long do they last for? Does it say how long they last for?

Brennan: Yeah, the side of the bottle it says, "one pill every 48 hours."

Siobhan: 48 hours?

Murph: Can you drink with them?

Brennan: It doesn't recommend drinking with them.

Emily: Can pregnant women use them?

Zac: Should you ask your doctor before you...

Riz: We go to the mithril factory!

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, let's get out of, are we gonna make an anonymous tip?

Riz: Oh yeah, okay, we can -

Siobhan: Oh yeah. Can I also cast Unseen Servant to get all of the fingerprints that we've left completely everywhere in this place?

Emily: Aww, that's so cute and mean.

Riz: Why don't we call, yeah, we'll call on Zayn's phone.

Gorgug: While you're calling -

Riz: Or if he has like a, does he have a landline?

Gorgug: Can you give us a speech again? I really liked it last time.

Riz: Oh yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, it really did help us, huh? You guys, unfortunately… Do we have time? Should we get out of here or should I just?

Fig: I think it should be right before we go to -

Adaine: Why don't you, on the way to the mithril factory, you can give us an Inspiring Speech.

Kristen: Okay, I'm just gonna let you know that I'm feeling, for the first time in my life, really dry. Usually I have so much passion for this, but I feel like even since meeting Helio and him just like, refusing to answer the number one question on my mind -

Gorgug: It's gonna get inspiring soon.

Kristen: Has just kinda left me feeling like, tasteless, or like, gray.

Emily: Can I give her Bardic Inspiration?

Kristen: I just, this isn't really me, but uh, we can do it, and I'm so glad I'm alive and I was thrust into this kooky puzzle with no answer for what, 80 years of my life What kind of Hell is that?

Gorgug: You just called life a kooky puzzle.

Fabian: What's happening, what's happening?

Kristen: It's like I'm in the middle of the desert starving, with only canned food and no can opener. I thought this fork was a can opener, but it's not!

Adaine: It's hard for me to completely empathize, because I am immortal, but I would say that life is for the living.

Kristen: Oh, you know what's funny about that? My whole life, I've been living for the afterlife. Everything's been a promise for the afterlife, and I don't think that's even coming, and you know what? I might be in love with a woman, and that's crazy.

Adaine: No, that's cool.

Kristen: No, you don't know my parents. My parents are gonna send me away to where I pray the gay away. Do you know how crazy that is?

Riz: Kristen, here's the good news, is that there's all this corn stuff going on, and your parents might be evil.

Kristen: I used a corn to masturbate the other night!

Adaine: Oh my God.

Kristen: Do you hear me? Yeah! I saw online, I was deep in Reddit, and there were a couple tips for new masturbators.

Riz: r/corn?

Adaine: What?

Zac: I'm just listening.

Lou: Can I take inspiration in this speech from the self-assuredness that I'm feeling, and I'm like, oh, I have things relatively figured out.

Kristen: Sometimes I look at my hands, and I'm like, these aren't my hands.

Fabian: “I know my hands are my hands, okay, good.”

Kristen: I would have noticed that they look like this by now!

Murph: Yeah, Riz thought he was really lonely, but it turns out -

Brennan: Yeah, as sort of a cautionary tale, everyone here gains temporary hit points. So your level plus your charisma modifier, so everyone, 4 plus - What was your charisma?

Ally: Oh, 3.

Brennan: 3. So that's gonna be 7 temporary hit points.

Ally: Cool.

Siobhan: Sick.

Ally: I'm kind of crying, but like -

Brennan: Uh, so, you guys get in a car headed toward the Durinson, you like order a car or something like that, you guys head over to the Durinson Mithril Factory?

Fig: I'm driving, of course.

Lou: Can I communicate with my motorcycle?

Brennan: Yeah, you can if you'd like.

Lou: Can I ask it to meet me at the Durinson Mithril Factory?

Hangman: Master, where do you wish me to meet you?

Fabian: Hangman, can you please meet us at the Durinson Mithril Factory posthaste?

Hangman: I know the Durinson Mithril Factory, I have been there many times.

Fabian: Oh, well! Guys, my motorcycle has been to the Durinson Mithril Factory. What business would you have there, motorcycle?

Hangman: My previous master, whose skull was split by your bolt, drove me there many times.

Fabian: Oh, Johnny Spells spent a lot - What was he doing -

Adaine: Oh my God, thank God, that means we're going to the right place.

Fabian: Do you know what he was doing there, motorcycle?

Hangman: He was visiting his benefactor.

Fabian: Oh, his benefactor is at the Durinson Mithril Factory.

Adaine: Oh God.

Kristen: Insatiable?

Fabian: Was it the Gorog the Insatiable?

Brennan: You see he says,

Hangman: Gorthalax.

Fabian: Oh, Gorthalax, yes.

Riz: Is he like a big corn cutie?

Brennan: You see it says, um -

Fig: Does he look like corn?

Kristen: I can't look at corn.

Fabian: You all don't get to talk to my motorcycle, I get to talk to my motorcycle.

Fig: Yeah, fair, fair shit, fair.

Hangman: Gorthalax is enormous, terrifying, a vision of flame and hatred.

Fabian: Oh, so it was Gorthalax?

Hangman: Gorthalax.

Fabian: Oh, fantastic. He used to meet Gorthalax at the Durin Mithril Factory.

Adaine: Oh, fantastic.

Fabian: Where we're going right now.

Hangman: I will meet you there.

Fabian: Alright, fantastic. My motorcycle's gonna meet us there.

Brennan: You guys head out to the Durinson Mithril Factory. Go ahead and make perception checks on your way there.

Adaine: Let's not separate this time.

Fig: Yeah.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Ally: 21.

Zac: 13.

Siobhan: 9.

Lou: 4.

Emily: 8.

Murph: 10.

Brennan: Uh, 21? You notice on your way there, up in the night sky above you. As you sort of, you can't see in the dark very well, but looking to the sky for some kind of meaning in the middle of your existential drift, you see, above the moon, which is just a sliver of light, an owl passes over the moon, followed by another.

Kristen: You guys, there are a bunch of owls.

Fig: They know we're coming?

Adaine: I hate this.

Fabian: What? Ugh, more owls.

Fig: I have a thought. Should we, should we go tomorrow night? 'Cause right now, everyone knows we're coming.

Kristen: How?

Riz: They might be doing some kind of ritual though.

Fig: The owls are spying on us.

Fabian: Guys, we could take a bunch of owls.

Brennan: You see there's a gnomish driver in the front of the car saying,

Driver: You pay for the ride if you get out. You pay for the whole ride.

Kristen: Look, we're going.

Riz: We're going.

Fabian: We're going.

Ally: Here, I'm gonna use this. I take out a Coexist sticker, and I cast Light on it.

Fabian: Where'd you get that?

Kristen: I forgot that I had it, I was praying for it for a while, for all the people who were this wrong.

Brennan: You guys, you now see the car wend its way up a long, dusty road. You see there are small little whisky bars and little kind of houses hewn into the rough stone, it's kind of a dwarven neighborhood up here. A lot of dwarves got laid off a couple years back when the Durinson Mithril Factory closed down, and it's been abandoned for some time. Up in the distance, you see it. Tall, redbrick towers, huge vats of alchemical material meant to refine mithril, the lightest, strongest metal of them all. You see that the car approaches at a certain point, and you guys see a chain-link fence that has been chained up and locked, and the car drops you off. Alright.

Adaine: Thank you.

Kristen: Thank you.

Driver: You guys, uh, you doing like a party up here?

Fabian: We're scouting for one.

Driver: Well, it's a good place for a party.

Riz: Do you take a lot of people up here for parties?
        
Driver: Oh no, hardly nobody, no, it's bad up here.

Kristen: What?

Driver: Alright.

Kristen: Thanks for paying again, Fabian.

Fabian: Of course.

Fig: Thanks, Fabian.

Fabian: You all need money for shit.

Kristen: I'm gonna take that as a sweet thing.

Zac: Can I make a Perception?

Emily: Yeah, I wanna do a Perception check if anyone's watching us.

Lou: Also, has my motorcycle arrived?

Hangman: Master.

Fabian: Oh, hello, Hangman!

Riz: Oh good, a big loud motorcycle.

Emily: I got a 6 on my Perception check.

Zac: Me too.

Siobhan: I got a 15.

Lou: Nope, 5 again.

Murph: Goddamn 5.

Ally: Uh, I have 21.

Brennan: You hear a noise, Kristen, coming from inside the mithril factory, which is like, dilapidated and old. You can smell kind of acrid smell. I'll also point out that the factory is on the edge of this enormous cliff that drops into a quarry. To call this thing a quarry is like, it's, what an understatement. It is an endless drop into inky blackness.

Ally: I'm just staring into it.

Brennan: Uh...

Emily: I pull her away from it.

Brennan: The chain-link fence opens into a little dusty parking lot, and then you can tell that there's the other side of the factory from here, is probably more dilapidated than this side, 'cause it's been exposed to the elements. You hear a noise from the factory, of. And then you hear, uh, who here speaks -? First of all, everyone that doesn't speak Dwarven hears, like… Who here speaks Dwarven?

Siobhan: Uh, I don't think any of us do, but I do have Comprehend Languages.

Brennan: What would you like -?

Siobhan: So I will cast Comprehend Languages.

Brennan: You hear, so Adaine, letters and runes of all possible tongues surround your head, and the languages are deciphered for you through the arcane mystery of your elven magic craft. You hear,

Dwarf: Sick grind, brother!

Dwarf: Aye, that it was! Oh, drop in, drop in, and shred! 

Adaine: Guys, I think there's a bunch of skaters in there.

Fabian: Oh, well, that's fantastic.

Fig: That sounds awesome.

Fabian: It's better than demons or zombies or something.

Adaine: Uh, yeah, no, skaters are cool.

Fabian: Motorcycle, how far did Johnny Spells go into the factory with you, or did you stop around here?

Hangman: All the way in, master.

Fabian: Oh, fantastic. Can you lead the way?

Hangman: Yes.

Brennan: Um, your motorcycle backs up -

Fabian: I love this motorcycle.

Brennan: And fucking blasts through the chain-link fence.

Fabian: Oh, good show, motorcycle! Good show!

Hangman: I have killed the fence.

Kristen: I feel like we should just stealthily walk in there.

Fig: I like this.

Brennan: You guys hear the noise stop from within. What are you guys gonna do?

Gorgug: Shall we hide?

Riz: Uh, why don't we hide.

Adaine: We can't hide, there's a fucking huge motorbike.

Fabian: Yeah, why would we hide?

Riz: Why don't we just leave the motorcycle for a second?

Fabian: The motorcycle knows where we're, the motor knows better than any of us where to go.

Gorgug: I feel like it's a dumb motorcycle.

Fabian: My motorcycle is not dumb.

Riz: I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hide and stealth ahead and just see what's going on and I'll give you guys -

Brennan: You hear a voice call out and say,

Dwarf: Those who tread here in this, the hall of our fathers and our fathers' fathers, you have made yourselves known.

Adaine: They -

Dwarf: Show now your face.

Adaine: Super know that we're here.

Riz: Why don't you guys go say hi. I'll hide, and then I'll pop out if something bad happens.

Gorgug: I'll just, I'll take -

Fig: I'm here to skate.

Kristen: Me too.

Brennan: Do you guys walk 'round to see who you're speaking to?

Lou: 100 percent.

Murph: I'm gonna try to sneak and follow them.

Ally: Yeah, let's do it. Everyone but Riz.

Murph: Like and try to get around -

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a stealth check.

Murph: Behind them, kinda.

Emily: I'm making a big show of it to be cover for Riz.

Lou: I'm right there, I also, I get on my motorcycle and like, let it ride up.

Emily: I have a Minor Illusion of a skateboard on my shoulder.

Ally: That you're holding like a boombox?

Lou: We look cool as shit.

Ally: Oh, you know people with their skateboards, always this.

Brennan: You guys walk up. An entire side of the brick factory has collapsed in. You see a bunch of stocky, bearded dwarves, thick beards, with like, big tee-shirts and thick, baggy jeans and fat sneakers, holding these insane stone and steel skateboards that have like, harsh dwarven runes carved into them. There are two enormous half-pipes. There's one half-pipe outside, kind of like, on the cliff edge, and there's another one in the actual dripping, dilapidated, like three floors of the factory kind of collapsed in, so there's this insane fucking death hazard skate park that they have retrofitted this abandoned factory as. You see the dwarves look at you. They're holding hammers and axes and stuff like that. You see that they have, one of them has a crystal set up on their helmet, and you see that another one is holding one sort of in their hand like this, as they sort of go up on their skates. So you guys are looking into the dilapidated building with your back to this giant quarry, basically. How are you guys, are you guys like all together as you're standing? Aside from Riz, who's sneaking.

Emily: Yes, yeah.

Zac: I'm standing in the front.

Lou: I'm behind him on my motorcycle.

Emily: I'm right in the front, I'm out there.

Zac: I'm trying to stand in front of you.

Ally: I'm behind you.

Brennan: Rad. You see one of the dwarves steps forward. Big shield, camera on the helmet, the little crystal on the helmet, and goes,

Dwarf: Who now approaches the ancient halls of the Durinson Mithril Factories, where our fathers and our fathers' fathers worked long days so that we might come here and sneak -

Gorgug: And skate?

Dwarf: What?

Gorgug: And skate?

Dwarf: Yeah, we skate, but so what?

Fig: Yeah, no, awesome. We just had -

Fabian: We're all about that.

Adaine: You were really cool.

Fig: Yeah, we're just fellow lovers of speed.

Adaine: And like, fans. We're just fans.

Kristen: We're thinking about starting a streetwear company and we wanted like, real people to model for it.

Fig: That's a really big leap, but I'm right there with you. Yup, streetwear.

Kristen: I'm just, I'm a new me. I'm just, big lies coming out of my mouth.

Dwarf: You're starting a streetwear company?

Fabian: Well, fellows, I mean, it's not that simple. I mean, we're trying to understand the culture of the street, that we might then base wear upon it.

Gorgug: Yeah, like a -

Adaine: Fabian is the money.

Fabian: Yes, I'm the money.

Gorgug: I'm the creative.

Fabian: Yes, he's the creative.

Kristen: The one creative.

Murph: Riz is just slamming his head into the wall.

Brennan: You see they say,

Dwarf: You each speak half of a different story. Do not use your words lightly around those of the dwarven folk.

Fabian: Hey, my man, please relax.

Dwarf: I'm a girl!

Kristen: Oh, cool.

Dwarf: I'm a girl! My name is Torek Railgrinder!

Kristen: Cool!

Fabian: Very cool.

Torek: I have shredded in these halls and dropped into half-pipes deeper and more fearsome than any dwarf before me.

Gorgug: Did they do it?

Fig: Dude, I would love to see you do this. This sounds fucking awesome, and I'm here to spectate.

Brennan: You see she says,

Torek: See this. You have seen your last. We will drive out the invaders!

Brennan: I'm gonna just, to make a -

Zac: The what?

Ally: The what?

Siobhan: She said "drive out the invaders".

Zac: Oh.

Ally: Oh right.

Brennan: First of all, make a Perception check for me real quick.

Ally: Nat 20.

Zac: 5.

Brennan: Nat 20. You see a group of owls on a tree branch that all look at this and fly out from here. On a nat 20, you get the impression that you have led these creatures to what they're looking for, and that they are going to go get something to come here.

Ally: Oh no.

Brennan: The clock is ticking. You guys see that the dwarves start going,

Dwarves: Crush, Crush, Crush, Crush!

Kristen: Hey, hey, hey.

Brennan: The exterior half-pipe, the outside half-pipe, begins to move, and an enormous pavement golem, made of asphalt, with highway stripes, and like, borders, like the white and yellow stripes covering its body, with rails on its arms, stands up with the half-pipe on top of it. Now I need everybody here to roll Initiative.

Zac: Come on, give me a good one. Give me a good one.

Ally: Nat 20 again!

Murph: 21.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Zac: 15.

Siobhan: 13.

Emily: 9.

Lou: 8.

Brennan: Amazing. That's all for this week on Fantasy High. Tune in next week as we see what shakes down at the Durinson Mithril Factory. Bye bye!

[EPISODE8]

Brennan: Hello, and welcome back to Fantasy High! Last week, we left our intrepid heroes, say hello, intrepid heroes.

All: Hello, intrepid heroes.

Ally: Hi, oh, no.

Brennan: God dammit!

Emily: It's a runnin' joke!

Brennan: Last we left off, our brave adventurers were at the Durinson Mithril Factory. Now we see they're facing off against -What just happened over there?

Zac: She just erased my name on my character - 

Brennan: Brutal!

Brennan: The dwarves, led by Torek Railgrinder, who is the clear leader of the skater group, she is aloft on the half pipe, chanting the name, "Crush, Crush, Crush!" as the pavement golem, with the half pipe strapped to its back, stands to its full height, steadies itself, and begins the combat by marching towards you. First to act is, actually, before the pavement golem goes -

Emily: Oh, thank God.

Brennan: Uh, first act in the round is Riz, hiding behind these pallets.

Murph: All right. Uh, leader is up on the half pipe.

Brennan: Correct.

Murph: Cool. I am going to try to, how long would it take me, could I get over, oh, can I shoot her from here?

Brennan: Yes. Where are you?

Murph: Right behind these pallets.

Brennan: Right there? What's the range on that?

Murph: Uh, it should be, it's shortbow, so it should be like 80 feet or something like that? Or 120 feet? Or?

Brennan: There's an easy way to find this out.

Murph: Yeah, let's just see if it's within range.

Brennan: Just within range.

Murph: Cool. I am going to take a shot at her.

Brennan: Awesome, go for it.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: And I believe you have surprise, because they've not acted -

Murph: Because I go first, right.

Brennan: You go first, right, first initiative.

Murph: Let's see.  That's only a 14.

Brennan: 14's gonna be a miss, unfortunately. Ping!

Emily: Sturdy folk.

Brennan: Sturdy folk, these dwarves. Clang off of Torek's ax.

Murph: And Elvish is our code language, right?

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: I yell in Elvish,

Riz: I think she's controlling the golem, maybe. Who knows. We'll find out.

Fig: Huh.

Gorgug: What’d he say?

Adaine: He said he thinks, I don't think so. Guys, go for the gold, remember? We're not here for blood, we're here for gold.

Fabian: We're here for gold.

Kristen: Oh, good call.

Fig: For friendship!

Kristen: Hey you guys, I saw those owls, and I feel like this isn't really what we're here for.

Brennan: You see the golem doesn't move very quickly. With each step, it kind of wobbles with this huge half pipe on its back, and it takes extra time to step carefully across this bubbling green liquid going through the center of the battlefield, and raises one fist aloft as it walks towards you. That's going to be Kristen's turn.

Kristen: Okay, just remember the last time, I saw that owls have been following us this whole day, so I think we might be getting distracted.

Ally: But just in case, I am going to - Run. Um, towards Riz. Just join Riz, I guess. Maybe try to get some cover or something. Uh, cool. Is that too far?

Brennan: I don't know if that's too far. Is that the only thing you're doing that round?

Ally: No, I'm also going to use this round to bless you three.

Zac: Us three?

Ally: Yeah, and then I'll use the next one to bless us.

Brennan: Four, five, six. You can get to here, behind this pallet. Which is actually, you have partial cover in case any ranged attacks come through from here.

Ally: Cool, awesome.

Brennan: Uh, and you cast Bless as well?

Ally: Yeah, on these three.

Brennan: Cool. Um, rad. That is going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, can I cast, uh, can I try an insight check on this vulture?

Brennan: Sure, on the vulture? Yeah, for sure.

Murph: On the vulture?

Emily: That's such a good move.

Ally: Yeah, great call.

Brennan: That’s for free, you can do a free insight check on the vulture.

Emily: Ooh!

Zac: Okay, that’s a, I got a 17.

Brennan: You look at the vulture, the vulture seems strangely unperturbed by the battle. This vulture seems mostly interested in what happens after the battle. It seems sinister insofar as all vultures seem sinister, but looking into it for a macabre purpose, or if if it is the secret mastermind of this, it's probably just a bird that wants to eat your body.

Murph: It just wants to eat our bodies.

Emily: Gorgug attacks the vulture.

Murph: Rushes past the golem, golem gets an opportunity attack, Gorgug is dead forever.

Lou: He cares not.

Zac: Um, I am, uh, Gorgug takes the wrong meaning from this vulture and goes into a rage. And then Gorgug is gonna move as far, like, over past this towards this guy right here.

Brennan: Towards this dwarf right here.

Zac: Yeah, to try to -

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Get as close as I can.

Brennan: Uh, great. With a dash action, or just with your movement?

Zac: With a dash, can I also attack, or no, that's the whole turn?

Brennan: No.

Zac: Um, I'm gonna get as close as I can get and then throw an ax.

Brennan: You can get to here and hurl an ax.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna do that. And that is, uh, 19?

Brennan: 19? Oh, that dwarf right there, hits!

Zac: Great. All right. And now it's plus six 'cause I'm in a rage, right? Instead of plus four?

Brennan: Uh, yes, plus six damage, absolutely.

Zac: Ooh. Um, I hit it for 12.

Brennan: Jesus!

Emily: Oh!

Brennan: You rush immediately in rage, just confused by that vulture!

Brennan: And you reach, grab your hand ax, and wah! And you see this dwarf going, "Crush, Crush, Crush!" Waggh! Into his shoulder, bam! This fuckin' hand ax thuds in there. Aghh! Looks up at you and says,

Dwarf: Aye, 'tis a fearsome half-orc treading in the halls of our fathers!

Fig: Oh my God stop, daddies.

Fabian: Your fathers would hate what you're doing.

Dwarf: Wha?

Brennan: You just scour this dwarf.

Dwarf: My da' would not hate what I'm doing. It's just, we like skatin'!

Gorgug: Did he like skating?

Dwarf: Father!

Brennan: It is now Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: Um, I -

Ally: Am gonna run this way?

Murph: Just jump off.

Siobhan: Straight off the cliff.

Lou: Where are the adults?

Emily: I go swimming in the green goo.

Siobhan: Um, I am going to run towards where Kristen is, and then I'm also going to cast Fire Bolt onto the skate ramp that the skaters are on.

Ally: Oh, nice.

Brennan: Whoa!

Emily: Yeah, betch!

Zac: Is it wood?

Siobhan: Yes. Right? It's wood, right?

Brennan: It is wood, that's absolutely correct. Go ahead and make an attack roll for Fire Bolt.

Siobhan: It’s a ranged spell attack.

Ally: And you have Bless.

Siobhan: Oh, and I have Bless.

Zac: Oh, I didn't even use mine.

Ally: Oh!

Lou: Didn't need it, baby.

Zac: Didn't need it.

Ally: Hell, yeah.

Siobhan: Plus six. Eight, 12, plus six, 18.

Brennan: Uh, 18 is a hit for the halfpipe, certainly. Where are you hitting the half, just on the corner of it here?

Siobhan: No, underneath the skater that's there.

Brennan: Uh, Adaine races after Kristen. Kristen, you hit everyone with the light of Bless. You raise your hand, woosh! A bolt of fire rushes from your fingertips, hits that corner, and the halfpipe catches aflame.

Kristen: Good job.

Adaine: Thank you?

Fig: Whoa, did you just give her Bardic Inspiration?

Kristen: No, no, I was just, uh -

Adaine: That's the second time she's winked at me.

Kristen: Oh, 'cause that one was the bless one.

Adaine: Oh, right.

Brennan: Make an arcana check.

Siobhan: Ooh.

Zac: With the four, is it?

Siobhan: Oh yeah, with the -

Brennan: Add the four in there.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan:  Uh, 11.. 17.

Brennan: Um, the fire takes to this place very quickly. Like, you're even surprised at how quick that fire catches on that corner of that thing. You notice all the dwarves look to the fire with almost a look of, like, worry that it's something other than what it is, and they see that it's from your spell, and calm down a little bit.

Ally: Fuuuhh..

Brennan: It is now going to be Fabian's turn.

Lou: Uh, okay. I, my motorcycle has its own turn?

Brennan: We're gonna say for the ease of things that the motorcycle acts on your initiative.

Lou: All right, great, fantastic. Can I, I'd like to ready an action.

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: I’m going to, I'm going to ready an attack, and I shout to my companions,

Fabian: You worry about the dwarves! I'll take care of the golem.

Murph: Oh!

Emily: Ahh!

Lou: And I, um, can I check in with my motorbike real quick?

The Hangman: Master.

Fabian: All right, motorbike, the terrain here does not seem well. How are you on these sorts of, on this kind of precipice?

The Hangman: I will be fine.

Fabian: All right, fantastic. Uh, through the golem's legs, then.

The Hangman: Through the legs!

Siobhan: So sick.

Brennan: Rad, um, your motorcycle, are you -

Ally: Fuck!

Lou: My plan is to, my attack is to spear straight up as I pass through -

Siobhan: Oh, right through the taint.

Brennan: Into what would be the nards of this golem.

Lou: Of this golem, yes.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Uh, great.

Zac: Golem nards, dude.

Emily: His rocks. Rock's rocks.

Brennan: Rad. You guys see, fuckin' -

Emily: Just a dandy man and his infernal steed.

Brennan: Uh, you zoom through the fuckin' legs of this thing. Go ahead and make your attack roll.

Lou: Fantastic. Uh, 12 plus seven, 19.

Brennan: 19? You skewer to right to where the fuckin' business would be, and as you're going through, the sword connects right where it should hurt the most, and scrapes pavement and stone, what you would expect stabbing a bunch of pavement and stone. Uh, seems impervious to whatever kind of damage your rapier is doing.

It takes a swing at your motorcycle as it passes through.

Emily: Baby.

Brennan:  Ooh.

Siobhan: Daddy?

Lou: God.

Murph: We gotta knock this thing.

Lou: Definitely about to be thrown from my motorcycle.

Ally: Would it count as that?

Murph: No.

Lou: Well, I got to do that cool thing, though, which was fun.

Siobhan: It was very cool.

Lou: Uh-huh.

Zac: There's a lot of tiny dice over there.

Brennan: Yeah, I'm gonna need you to make a dexterity saving throw.

Emily: Bless yourself remember.

Lou: With Bless?

Brennan: With Bless.

Lou: Great.  Uh, nat 20.

Siobhan: Oh, ho, ho!

Emily: Whooo!

Brennan: Uh, nat 20. You go through this thing's legs, it wobbles, wuh! But its arms are so long that it swings around, wuh! Bam! Catches your bike as you're going through. So, catches you behind the back. You flip through the air, your bike scatters, not destroyed -

Lou: All right.

Brennan: But badly damaged. Bike skids over here, and I'm gonna say pick a place anywhere within 30 feet of behind the golem that you want to have flipped to.

Lou: Uh, we'll flip, where will we have flipped to?

Brennan: You can also go vertical if you want.

Lou: Uh, like onto it? Could I, okay, could I flip onto the top of the thing next to the vulture?

Emily: No! Mm.

Brennan: Right here?

Emily: Oh, next to the vulture. Yeah, hell, yeah.

Lou: Yes. Let's go right there. Uh, this seems foolish.

Brennan: Yep, there you go.

Emily: Ah! You look dope.

Brennan: So. You guys see Fabian, flame tearing out of the Hangman, goes woosh, cling! This thing wobbles on its legs, and boom! Hits the fuckin' bike. The Hangman,

The Hangman: Master, I have failed thee!

Brennan: And you, bam!

Fabian: Bike, you failed no one!

Brennan: And you flip and land on the copper silo standing, wah, poised perfectly.

Lou: Do I at least seem to have gotten its attention?

Brennan: Um, oh, well, you're not reading its face right now. It's also moving very slowly.

Lou: Okay, fantastic.

Brennan: Um, that's going to be the dwarves.

Brennan: You guys see these dwarves take off. This dwarf that Gorgug just attacked rushes forward, woosh, grinds along this rail -

Zac: Of course he did.

Brennan: And is going to, uh, the dwarf grinds along the rail, makes an attack, misses! So, grinds, gives you all the time in the world to tell what he's doing, leaps up to hit you with the board, and you, woosh, dodge out of the way, lands behind you. Um, these other dwarves, this guy pops up into the half pipe, skates all the way up, back down, woosh, flips, lands over here.

Lou: Okay.

Ally: Through the flames.

Siobhan: Sick.

Brennan: Fires a crossbow at Gorgug, hitting Gorgug for four points of damage.

Zac: Halved?

Brennan: Halved, to two.

Zac: I'm at 55.

Siobhan: Oh, I don't know, be careful, buddy.

Zac: I’m almost, I'm only two points ahead of my normal hit points.

Brennan: This guy grinds along here, goes for Riz.

Murph: Shoulda hid.

Brennan:  Misses terribly.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: This dwarf, here, lands over here, and hurdles at Fabian. Hits Fabian for five points of damage. Throwing an ax. And that is going to be the dwarves’ turn. It is now Fig.

Emily: Okay, um, I would like to do an insight roll to see if I think that I could charm the golem.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an insight check.

Emily: Uh, four.

Brennan: Four? This thing definitely is into you. It's all, this thing fuckin' has to dig on you.

Emily: All right, man, we're goin' for it. All right, I start tuning my bass guitar, and I would like to, with a seductive song, cast Suggestion on the stone golem.

Brennan: What do you suggest?

Emily: Throw the dwarfs off the cliff.

Brennan: Um, it, uh, you see no recognition of anything in this thing's face. That's going to, as you'r e looking at it for some kind of recognition of the spell or what worked, you hear from the top of the half pipe,

Torek: Dwarves! Those of us who have come here to shred in the halls of our fathers, be thy blessed by Ollie, god of rad shredding!

Fabian: These people are the worst.

Brennan: Um, you see a silvery, steely light covers all of the dwarves and the golem as well.

Ally: What?

Emily: Ugh. Motherfucker!

Zac: Are you moving as well, or did you -

Emily: Oh, I would also, I also wanted to use my bonus action to wink at someone for some Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: Oh, go for it!

Emily: Who's, what can I see?

Fig: Hey, Kristen.

Ally: Everyone’s blessed, oh yeah.

Fig: Kristen, hey.

Kristen: Wha, uh, cool, uh, cool.

Brennan: Uh, Torek -

Kristen: Ahh! I feel wild.

Zac: Are you gonna stay where you're -

Emily: And then I'm gonna hide behind this skinny tree.

Kristen: You can hide behind me!

Lou: Great, great.

Brennan: Uh, Torek, um.

Zac: Great.

Brennan: Torek finishes her turn by dipping into the halfpipe, leaping, and landing all the way up on this ledge here.

Siobhan: Oh my God, so sick.

Brennan: Clearly the best skater of the group.

Ally: Damn.

Brennan: That's going to be Riz.

Murph: Cool. Okay, well, I got this guy right in front of me. Uh, I will, you know what? I'll just go ahead and do my Insightful Fighting on this dwarf right here.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph:  Uh, that's only, that's an 11 from me. Or no, insight, that's even worse. That's a nine. And he does deception.

Brennan: Okay.  Uh, you do not gain any insight at this point.

Murph: Fuck, okay.

Brennan: The beard covers the face, you can't get a read on him.

Murph: Cool, then I am, I'll just try to stab him with my rapier. That's only a freaking 11.

Brennan: Not going to cut it.

Murph: Cool, good.

Lou: Good. All right, that didn't work.

Brennan: Um, this thing kicks these pallets to the side, stands here.

18:10 (?): Hello.

Emily: And he starts throwing dwarves off the cliff. It worked!

Lou: Yay!

Emily: Yay!

Brennan: Does a 13 hit Gorgug?

Zac: 14 is my armor class, baby.

Emily: Humiliating that a huge golem couldn't hit a little dude.

Brennan: Golem takes a swing, and a fuckin' miss. That is now going to be Kristen's turn.

Ally: Uh, okay, great. I am going to, um, kind of like run and jump over the pallets. I know this, that's probably an athletics check.

Brennan: Actually, no, 'cause there's a little bit of space there. We can just call it difficult terrain, and you can halve your movement to three squares.

Ally: Sweet. Uh, what would that be?

Brennan: So really, you can only move about that far if you're going over the pallets.

Ally: Okay, um, is there a way for me to run around this way? Even though this isn't like, I just wanna get on the other side of this guy.

Brennan: Oh, that guy? Yeah, for sure, you can do that.

Ally: Okay cool. I'll do that, and then I will bless the remaining three of us.

Murph: Sweet.

Emily: Ooh, thank you!

Ally: Including myself and, uh, this isn't like a move or anything, but those fuckin' owls freaked me out. I'm just gonna start praying and maybe working up to a prayer of healing since that takes 10 minutes.

Brennan: Probably the battle will be concluded well before 10 minutes are over. But you can make an insight check if you want.

Ally: Yeah, yeah, what the fuck was up with those owls? Uh, 19 plus seven so 26.

Brennan: 26. Um, what you believe is this. You put something together in your head. You were the one who noticed when you were at Zayn's earlier today that the cage that he kept his rat familiar in had been opened, even in the thick of combat. You realize even the short couple times that you've seen Zayn, just when he was being a bully to you, that he loved that fucking rat, and it was probably the last thing he did while he was alive and being killed, to open that cage so his rat could get away. And suddenly, you realize that a town full of cats and owls is perfectly designed to hunt down a rat. In other words, you don't think that this environ is producing whatever those owls and those cats are up to. You think those owls and cats are something more sinister. In other words, something's going on here that's part of a clue that you guys have come to find. Those owls and cats are, rather than being the clue, or something to do with the clue, are maybe something to stop you from finding more clues. If that makes sense.

Ally: Cool. And that rat might be out there somewhere?

Brennan: Might be out there somewhere.

Ally: Damn. All right, I'm definitely looking at the ground. I yell to everyone,

Kristen: Look on the ground! Remember that rat?

Fabian: What, the sexy one? Don't bring that up!

Kristen: No! Although, do you remember that rat? Do you?

Fig: I'll bring it, don't worry. I'll conjure another one up.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's your turn.

Zac: Ahh! I'm gonna hit the guy who, uh, grinded past me.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it, dude.

Ally: Ground.

Zac: Grinded.

Emily: Grainded.

Brennan: You already smashed him with a hand ax, for sure.

Zac: Yes. All right.

Emily: You're blessed.

Zac: So blessed, baby.

Ally: Hell yeah. Yeah, we're blessed, too.

Zac: Ooh. That is only, uh, 12.

Brennan: 12’s not gonna do it. You take a swing, gone, but are you frenzying, so you can take your bonus action.

Zac: Oh, yes, I'll take my bonus action.  Uh, nat one.

Murph: Wow.

Zac: And a one again.

Ally: Double!

Brennan: You whiff two times. Your ax clatters to the ground at your feet as you are disarmed by this dwarf. But you have a movement action if you want to pick up your ax.

Zac: I'll pick up my ax, and I can't move anymore?

Brennan: You can move three squares.

Zac: Okay, I'll take three squares forward across where that beam is towards like the metal side.

Brennan: This direction?

Zac: Yes, yes, yes.

Brennan: All right.

Zac: Yes, yes, yes.

Emily: Yes, yes, yes.

Brennan: One, two, three. Okay, cool.

Ally: Gorgug!

Zac: Fuck.

Brennan: That is going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: Am I 60 feet away from rude girl up here, or can I get 60 feet away?

Brennan: You are more than 60 feet away, you're gonna have to -

Siobhan: But if I take a movement, and then cast a spell -

Brennan: Hard to eyeball. You can take a movement and see if you're within range.

Siobhan: I'll try.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Can I -

Ally: Running up those boxes.

Brennan: Do you want to move to the side here or do you wanna try to go through the pallets?

Siobhan: I'll try and go through the pallets. My athletics is very bad, but -

Murph: I'm a little worried we're all gonna get crushed next turn.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Uh, cool.

Siobhan: I just wanna get as close to her as possible.

Brennan: Yeah, you can make, make an acrobatics check. If you get a 15, I'll let you take your full movement through the pallets.

Siobhan: Okay, great. Nat 20.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Jesus Christ!

Emily: Woo!

Brennan: Okay. You see Adaine, spry of foot, fuckin' Legolases her way across the pallets. Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. All the way to the base of this ladder here. Let's see if that is 60 feet.

Ally: What has gotten into Adaine today?

Emily: Adaine.

Brennan: Well within range of your spell.

Siobhan: Uh, I will cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on her.

Brennan: Ooh, baby.

Siobhan: It's a wisdom saving throw, and my spell save DC is 14.

Brennan: Um, it’s 14?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Torek looks down. 14, you said?

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Torek looks down and says,

Torek: You try to cast your elven magic at me?

Brennan: There's spit flying into her beard.

Torek: You'll pay for this!

Brennan: And she collapses to the ground, laughing her ass off.

Ally: Whoa, okay.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Emily: Yeah, girl.

Brennan: Um, Adaine fucking taking Torek Railgrinder out of combat! That is going to be Fabian.

Lou: You know what I'm gonna do. Uh, can my motorcycle get up?

Brennan: It can, it's looking pretty fucked up.

Lou: Can I ride it?

Brennan: Yes, it is rideable.

Lou: Okay, fantastic. I would love to jump on it from, uh, can I tell my motorcycle I'd like to be headed toward Torek, and can I vault from the top of that onto my moving motorcycle?

Brennan: Please give me an acrobatics check.

Lou: Of course, happy to. Uh, 11 plus seven equals 18.

The Hangman: Ah, sire, allow me to redeem myself in your eyes.

Brennan: You effortlessly, bam! Right in the saddle, baby! And you are racing towards this half pipe.

Lou: Okay. Can the motorcycle, all right, this is a lot. Can the motorcycle start on the half pipe and then can I push off in some way and use to either get to either that level or the higher level?

Brennan: Please make an acrobatics check with advantage.

Lou: Fuck yes. With advantage?

Brennan: With advantage.

Lou: Oh, hell yes, baby. Uh, 12 with a four. Or four, so 16, plus seven. Uh, 23.

Brennan: You know what? You don't get in the saddle. Your fuckin' bikes goes, you just full land, Teen Wolfin'.

Brennan: Shoom! Up. You sail through the air, twisting to look your bike in its skull eyes as it goes,

The Hangman: Master, you are the most beautiful thing that my eyes have ever beheld.

Fabian: Oh, that's too kind of you, Hangman.

Brennan: Bam. I assume the upper level's where you're going?

Lou: Yes.

Brennan: And your bike is fuckin' in this half pipe, baby.

Emily: Oh my God.

Brennan: That's your movement. If you wanna take an action, you can go for it.

Lou: Of course! Uh, I mean, I guess I'm going to stab Torek.

Brennan: Uh, go for it.

Lou: Or, yeah, I'll stab. I'll stab her. Uh, or attempt to stab her.

Siobhan: Does she get disadvantage 'cause she's prone?

Brennan: Uh, I believe so, let me just double check that. Yeah, pretty sure prone is, you have advantage on this attack.

Lou: Great.  We'll use that four again.  Uh, 12, 16, plus seven, 23.

Brennan: Uh, cool. Uh, 23 is a hit. Do you wanna roll to see if you crit or no?

Lou: Uh, I rolled twice, and the higher one was 12. Uh, and then -  12 damage.

Brennan: You look down. Wah! Skewer Torek for 12 points of damage. Um, Torek gets another save for taking damage. Uh, keeps laughing.

Torek: Oh, stab me, will you? Funny!

Brennan: Uh, incredible. That's going to be -

Emily: Wow.

Brennan: What a turn. Dwarves, baby. This dude, woosh, zoom, past your bike on the backside, back up again, up here, lands, and hurls an ax at you. Hits for seven points of damage.

Lou: Ugh.

Brennan: This dwarf drops in, all the way up. He's going to attack you as well, uh, sort of bouncing off your head for, no, 15 does not hit.

Lou: 15 does not hit.

Brennan: Misses. That is now going to be, oh, there's more dwarves. This dwarf grinds again for Gorgug. Hits Gorgug for seven points of damage, that's gonna be three.

Emily: Oh, you so strong.

Zac: 52.

Brennan: This dwarf just, honestly, kicks his skateboard up under an arm, and just wails on Riz with an ax for, uh, six points of damage. That is going to be Fig.

Emily: Okay, I need to do an insight check to see if my suggestion didn't work because he can't be charmed or if I think that he just, like, maybe like save, got like the save.

Brennan: Um, make insight.

Siobhan: You have Bless.

Brennan: Oh, yeah.

Emily: Oh, and I have Bless now. Wait, uh, okay, that's gonna be 19.

Brennan: This thing, you realize, is mindless. It cannot be, um, you look at it and see that it is covered, the amount of immunities this thing has are staggering. You don't think it could be compelled, charmed, otherwise. It is covered in dwarven runes that are animating its pavement. Some of the dwarven runes are profoundly magical, other dwarven runes mean things like bus lane only. So, you know, it's a mixed bag. What do you want to do with your turn?

Emily: Okay, um, I think I'm just going to, I think I'm just going to, uh, fuck, that's not even the right thing to do. Motherfucker! I think I'm just going to run to the edge up here.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: And hide behind, like, right around there. Am I within 90 feet?

Brennan: Of who?

Emily: Of this area?

Brennan: Uh, let's find out, shall we? Yeah, I'd say you're in 90 feet.

Emily: Okay, and then if I were to cast sleep, will Fabian be in -

Lou: Fey ancestry?

Brennan: You don't have, you do have fey ancestry, so you're immune. Flashback to earlier yesterday.

Bill Seacaster: Right, now, if me son Fabian is ever in a situation where he's amidst those that you're ready to cast sleep on, remember, the boy's mother gave him that elven blood. He can't sleep! He can't dream.

Fabian: Yes, papa.

Bill Seacaster: And that's fine by me, because dreaming is for failures. I don't dream, I make it happen!

Fabian: Yes, of course, papa, you always say this.

Brennan: Back to the present day.

Emily: Awesome, okay, so I'd like to cast Sleep. On that top thing.

Brennan: Hell, yeah. Um, you guys -

Emily: And I'm gonna cast it at a second level so that it's, so I do 7 d8.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Ally: Wow.

Emily: Well, that's how many hit points I can put to sleep. It's not that impressive. Five. 13. Uh, 18. 22. 25. That's five, right?

Lou: Yeah, five.

Emily: That I just did? 25. Uh, 29. Uh, 32. 39? Wait -

Zac: 38.

Emily: Yeah, 38.

Brennan: How many more you rolling?

Emily: And then 40, I think I -

Zac: I think 38 was the line.

Emily: 38, okay, so 38.

Brennan: 38 hit points worth.

Emily: Hit points worth.

Brennan: Cool. You guys notice by the way that fire is now spreading here, but the Hangman seems to just love it. The Hangman's about it.

Fabian: That's my bike!

The Hangman: We should do this sometime when there's not a fight, Master!

Lou: He's just driving up and down.

Brennan: Just into it. You see 48, was it 38?

Emily: 38.

Brennan: 38 hit points. You see that this dwarf fuckin' passes right the fuck out. We're gonna roll to see what direction that dwarf falls in.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Uh, we’re gonna, I'm gonna roll a D4. I'm gonna say one is forward, two is backward, three is to the left, four is to the right.  Falls to the right. 

???: Bye, bitch.

Brennan: I'm gonna get Adaine to make a dexterity saving throw actually.

Siobhan: Oh, shit.

Emily: I’m sorry.

Murph: Just a big ass dwarf falling on your head.

Siobhan:  Unnghhhhh, nine.

Brennan: Um, Adaine, you take seven points of damage.

Emily: I'm sorry!

Brennan: Fig, you fuckin' hit the first bass chord of a powerful lullaby.

Dwarf: Right, well, it feels like time for me to -

Brennan: And the dwarf topples. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, bam! Hits Adaine at the bottom of the -

Emily: Does at least the dwarf also take some damage for falling?

Brennan: The dwarf does. The dwarf takes three points of damage.

Siobhan: What? That seems unfair.

Emily: I just shout.

Fig: Sorry, Adaine! I didn't see it goin' that way.

Brennan: But the dwarf is fuckin' out.

Emily: And then seeing what I just did to Adaine, I give her some Bardic Inspiration. I wink at her.

Adaine: Thank you, it's much less weird when you do it than when she does it.

Kristen: What do you mean?

Brennan: That is going to be Torek, who, I believe - the end, uh, cool. Torek just continues. And what's it, 14 again?

Zac: Your spell saving thing?

Brennan: Spell save is 14?

Siobhan: Oh, 14.

Brennan: Um, you see that Torek spends her whole turn just -

Torek: Right, it wasn't that funny.

Brennan: And stands up at the end of her turn.

Siobhan: Dang.

Brennan: That's going to now be Riz.

Murph: Cool. I'm gonna use Nimble Escape to bonus action disengage from this person.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: So I'm gonna go up here, and I'm going to, let's see what I'm gonna do. I guess I'll shoot at, she's not down anymore, right?

Brennan: Uh, she is standing up, but she still has cover up there.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: The only reason that Adaine doesn't have to worry about that is Adaine has the spell sniper feat.

Murph: Okay, so I guess, can I start climbing up here and shoot from up here?

Brennan: Uh, yeah, for sure.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Cool, so you clear from there, that's gonna probably use, that's difficult terrain, so that's like five, 10, 15, 20, 25. Actually, the base of the ladder is probably all you can get to right now.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You can take the shot, but she's gonna have cover.

Murph: Great. All right, I'll take a shot.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Fucking 15.

Brennan: Not gonna do it. You hit the underside of that balcony. Cling!

Fabian: Watch it, The Ball!

Brennan: Crush. Uh, Crush hits.

Zac: Me?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Oh, boy.

Zac: Ugh. So many little dice. If someone's gonna get hit, I'm glad it's me.

Lou: Just real quick, my bike is 100% cool with the flames? Like no worry?

Brennan: No worry.

Lou: Great.

Emily: He's just like bathing in it, like an otter in water.

Lou: He's like dri -

Ally: Gorgug, what's your health?

Emily: He's good, he's got 52.

Brennan: Gorgug, you take 23 points of damage.

Zac: Half?

Emily: Never mind!

Brennan: Halved, 23 points of damage halved, so that's 11 points of damage.

Emily: Ah!

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make an athletics check, if you'd be so kind.

Zac: Athletics check?

Brennan: Yeah, opposed athletics.

Zac: With Bless or no?

Brennan: Uhhh, with Bless, yeah.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: Hell, yeah.

Zac:  Uh, that's -

Brennan: Did you beat a 19?

Zac: Um, I got a 15. Or a 14.

Brennan: This thing hits you and wham! Sends you flying into a ravine, inches from this bubbling green shit, and you take an additional six points of damage. Halved to three.

Zac: ‘Kay.

Brennan: So wham! Knocks you on your fucking ass. You're prone. And Crush lumbers forward after you.

Zac: I'm at 38.

Brennan: Kristen, that's going to be you.

Ally: Okay, um, I have kind of okay animal handling. Can I beckon that crazy vulture to see if it has any answers?

Brennan: Uh, sure, make an animal handling check.

Ally: Okay, with Bless?

Brennan: Yeah, with Bless.

Ally:  Uh, let's see, what is that? A one, that's 13. Animal handling, 18.

Brennan: Um, you beckon to the vulture, the vulture takes off on its wings. And flies away.

Emily: Oh, no! No!

Kristen: What does it mean?

Lou: Oh, we put too much, we've invested so much stock in that vulture.

Ally: It was just such a gorgeous set piece.

Emily: I know!

Brennan: That’s going to -

Emily: We all were like, the key is the vulture!

Brennan: That's going to now be, but you can still take your action, still take your turn. That's a free animal handling check.

Ally: Cool, am I able to do an insight check and try to get more answers about why the fuck we're here?

Brennan: Yeah, tell me what you're having insight into.

Ally: Can I watch, like, the perimeter and see if anything's coming in, or if it, like -

Brennan: Sure, watch the perimeter.

Ally: All right. Nat one.

Murph: Always with the nat ones.

Brennan: Perimeter's good, everything's good.

Ally: Oh, great.

Brennan: Honestly? This fight's good.

Murph: Honestly, everything's fine.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: This fight's good, dude.

Ally: Hell yeah!

Lou: This fight is good!

Ally: Um, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, sorry, that was your insight check. You can take your action.

Ally: You know what? I'll just run. I'll run as far as I can.

Brennan: Just towards, like in this area?

Ally: If I can go up that thing, that'd be dope.

Brennan: All right. One, two, three. Yeah, do was have, um -

Ally: You can just hang my bible from one of those things.

Brennan: Cool, you start taking off up that ladder.

Ally: Trying to get some height as well.

Brennan: That's your movement, do you want to take an action as well? Or if you want to take a dash action, you can move even farther.

Ally: I can't use Hold Person on this golem, right?

Brennan: You don't think that would work, probably.

Ally: I'll do, uh, I'll do a dash action, yeah.

Brennan: Dope. You get even farther up this ladder, up to about here.

Ally: Cool, if I just want to be on the second one, can I do that?

Brennan: Oh, sure, you can do that, yeah.

Emily: Just to clarify, like, over this, this is not the cliff, right? The cliff is this way, right?

Brennan: Cliff's that way.

Ally: Oh, that's the quarry.

Brennan: This edge over here. Yeah.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Murph: Okay, we've seen this monster avoid this big green thing?

Brennan: Uh, you've seen the monster avoid the big green thing. You can feel free to make an insight check into the monster if you want.

Murph: Okay.  Uh, 14.

Ally:  With Bless.

Murph: Oh.  15.

Brennan: Um, you see that as the monster hit Gorgug, wham! It stumbled for a second. The half pipe on its back is not supposed to be there. It is extremely wobbly. 

Murph: We gotta ride that half pipe.

Brennan: And top heavy.

Ally: Cool.

Emily: We gotta ride it?

Murph: Yeah, we gotta direct him to fall in either the cliff or in the green stuff.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: That's going to be, uh, uh, did I say - Gorgug, it's your turn.

Zac: Okay, so I have to take part of my turn to get up, right?

Brennan: Half your movement, yeah.

Zac: Okay. I want to get up and make an acrobatics ju - check to jump on its back.

Brennan: Um, uh. Great, go ahead, use half your movement. Yeah, go ahead and use your acrobatics check, or your athletics check, whichever one you wanna use.

Ally: Do you have high acrobatics or athletics?

Zac: I'm sorry, yeah, athletics is six. So athletics.

Ally: Oh, hell yeah. Okay, cool, cool.

Zac: Uh, I got, um, 14.

Brennan: 14, okay. This thing's going to get an attack of opportunity on you as you attempt to climb it up. If it hits, it's gonna potentially knock you right back off of it. Um, what's your AC again?

Zac: 14?

Brennan: 14.  

Siobhan: Fuck, somebody fuckin' -

Brennan: 16. 21.. Uh, 26 damage. Halved, to 13. Uh, I'm gonna need you to make an opposed athletics check.

Zac: Uh, okay. Um, okay, I got a 20. Not nat.

Brennan: Not nat. 20? Uh, this thing rolled very high as well. Uh, it, as it flings you off, let's see what direction you go in. Um, I'm gonna go ahead and roll real quick. We'll say one is acid, two is front, three is left, four is right. Four, so it flings you this direction. Bam. You land here behind it. As it alters its orientation.

Zac: I don't know if I'm good at fighting this thing.

Riz: I think you can't just -

Murph: I'm yelling in elvish, 'cause that's our code language, and Gorgug has no idea what I'm saying.

        Gorgug: I don’t know -

Brennan: Well, the truth is that anyone else would be dead. So Gorgug's actually great at fighting this thing. Um, that's Gorgug's turn. Adaine, that's going to be you.

Siobhan: I would like to do a Knowledge Arcana check on this big boy.

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Emily: Big boy.

Siobhan: Seven and eight. 14?

Brennan: Uh, 14, 14's not bad. This thing has immunities to psychic effects.

Siobhan: Mhm.

Brennan: It also has immunities to non-magical weaponry, so it will not take damage from weapons. In terms of things about it, you just see that, uh, you got a 14, right?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Um, you don't think it is connected to Torek or the dwarves. You think it will remain animated even if the dwarves are gone.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: That is going to be, that's for free.

Siobhan: Wait I have - yeah.

Brennan: What do you wanna do?

Siobhan: I would like to cast Fire Bolt at him and then hide behind that column right there.

Brennan: Uh, at the golem?

Siobhan: Yes, at the golem.

Brennan: Cool. You cast Fire Bolt, go ahead and roll an attack.

Siobhan: Uh, 21, 27.

Brennan: 27 hits! Go ahead and roll damage.

Siobhan: And that's one d10. 10.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: 10 damage?

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Hell yeah. Adaine raises her hand and fire releases, and actually melts some of the tar and the asphalt. Hurts this thing, and it whips around to look at you. It doesn't look visibly incredibly injured. Looks like it didn't get hurt that much, but it got hurt. Um, Fabian, that's gonna be you.

Lou: Uh, I'd like to first ready my motor -, can I shout to, communicate with my motorcycle, be at the base, be underneath this area that I'm in.

Brennan: Mm-hmm, yeah.

Lou: And then can I attempt to grapple Torek?

Brennan: Yeah, you can make a grapple check.

Lou: Great, is that athletics, or -

Brennan: Opposed athletics, yeah.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Torek got an eight.

Lou: I got a, much higher than that. Can I dangle Torek over the edge?

Brennan: Yes, you may.

Lou: Uh, and can I. -

Fabian: Call off this beast!

Torek: I would die before callin' off -

Fabian: Then you will.

Lou: And drop.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Uh, incredible.

Brennan: Let's see how far that is. 40 feet. Uh, dope.

Fabian: Well, this is the most vicious I've ever been.

Fig: I know, Fabian!

Fabian: After my father's scolding.

Emily: Way different than you hiding behind a barkeep.

Lou: Right.

Brennan: Bam! Torek fuckin' eats it at the bottom. Boom! Still moving, but she groans and says,

Torek: Fancy elven jackanapery.

Brennan: And your motorcycle appears at the base.

Lou: Do I still have a movement, or could I -

Brennan: That's your, you have your movement, yeah.

Lou: Can I jump?

Brennan: Give me an acrobatics check for it.

Lou: Or, can I - Is there, yeah, or can I like, scramble down in some way that has me landing on the motor - Well, I’ll make a -

Brennan: Yeah, make an acrobatics check.

Lou: Great. Ugh, nat one.

Brennan: Uh, great, you go to skid down this thing, and you fall 40 feet.

Murph: You're just laying on top of each other.

Ally: You’re truly spooning?

Lou: Can I land on top? Can I aim to land on top of her?

Brennan: You take 12 points of damage.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Bam, as you hit the dirt.

Lou: Well, I'm a very cool guy, and a very lame guy all at once.

Brennan: Uh, great that's going to be, um, the dwarves. Uh, buh buh buh. Um, this dwarf in the green was hurled down there. This dwarf hops up, he's gonna take a swing at Riz. Um, uh.

Murph: God.

Brennan: Cool. That dwarf takes a swing at Riz. Riz, what's your armor class?

Murph: 15.

Brennan: 15 hits.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan:  Seven points of damage.

Murph: Shit!

Brennan: Um, this dwarf shreds down this long ladder at Adaine. Hits Adaine -

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: For three, five points of damage. Bam. This other dwarf is going to skate over here, hurl another hammer at Riz. Um, and two, 11, 14 does not hit, right?

Murph: No.

Brennan: 14 does not hit, cool. And then this dwarf is going to scoot over here to Riz -

Murph: Shit.

Brennan: And take a swing at him.  That's gonna hit for six points of damage.

Murph: All right.

Emily: How you doin', Riz?

Murph: I'm at 19. I'm not lovin' it, but I'm okay.

Brennan: That's going to be Fig. These dwarves are just fuckin' wailing. It's like,

Dwarf: Goblin! There's a goblin in the halls of our fathers! Lame, lame!

Emily: Okay, I have two things. I'd like to do before. One, I'd like to shout to everyone in elvish,

Fig: Do we want to get this ramp off this golem?

Riz: No!

Kristen: No!

Riz: No no no no no no no.

Fig: Okay, okay, okay.

Emily: And then the second thing is I want to know -

Gorgug: What?

Emily: The second thing is I want to do an insight check. You said that they looked scared of the fire at first, but then relaxed.

Brennan: Yeah, make an insight check.

Emily: Oh, with my thing. So, 21.

Brennan: 21. You noticed that as they look at the fire, all of them look around here, Torek has dropped - When the fire first happened, you thought you saw Torek look down one of these manhole covers. There's like these open kind of vents into the floor. You thought you saw Torek look down there. As though expecting something to come from down there.

Siobhan: Mm, shit.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Shit.

Emily: I'm gonna - I'm gonna cast Disguise Self and pretend to be Johnny Spells.

Brennan: Cool, you have a movement left.

Emily: And then I'm gonna shout to the dwarves.

Fig: Daddy-O, I thought I told you this is my pad.

Brennan: Uh -

Emily: I don't know.

Brennan: Make an intimidate check.

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan: With Bless.

Brennan: With Bless, yeah.

Emily: With Bless. Oh, I got a nat one.

Ally: No!

Brennan: You see Torek says,

Torek: He's back! Kill him! Don't let him get below ground!

Emily: Okay, well, we got a clue out of it.

Brennan: Torek Railgrinder, uh, she holds up, she first of all gets up, holds up her shield and goes,

Torek: That my fathers, and my father's fathers might see me shred, and that our videos might get us sponsored by the gods above.

Brennan: Uh, and you see a legion of dwarven spirits appears around her.

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: And she prepares herself to do battle. That is now, buh buh buh, um, when it starts its turn there, okay, cool. That is now going to be Riz. I'm gonna need you to make a wisdom saving throw.

Murph: Fuck.

Zac: With Bless?

Murph: Yup. Oh.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: 21, 22.

Brennan: Okay, 22, that's a save. You only take six points of radiant damage from these spirit guardians of Torek Railgrinder. What is your turn?

Murph: Cool, um, I'm going to yell to the dwarves, and say, um -

Riz: I think we have some of the same enemies, and to prove that we're on your side, we're about to do something so sick.

Murph: And then I'm going to use Nimble Escape to disengage from these guys. I'd like to climb up here, and I want to shoot my gun so that I can use the momentum to propel the ladder back.

Brennan: Whoa! Um, please, uh, shoot the gun. I'm gonna give you one point of inspiration as a DM, so add a d6 to this roll.

Murph: Dope.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Uh, 11, 15, plus the attack, so 21.

Siobhan: And you have bless.

Ally: Got a four on bless.

Brennan: 21? Riz scrambles all the way up. Boom! Your fuckin' Arquebus blasts the wall of the factory. There is a moment where you are fucking 80 feet in the air.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: All of the dwarves look up, and you see that their eyes fill as they gaze up and go.

Dwarf: Goblin or nay, that's tight as hell.

Brennan: Boom! You land here right in the midst of the halfpipe on this thing's back. Make an insight check as soon as you land.

Murph: Sure.

Brennan: Go ahead and add a Bless to that as well.

Murph: Nat 20.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: This golem is strong, it is impervious, and a fuckin' feather duster would knock it over. This thing is so top heavy, these dwarves have so fucked this with the half pipe on its back that all it's gonna take is getting this thing, uh, knocking this thing down is something that it’s going to be easy to do.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Um, incredible action. That's your movement, your attack. That's the dopest, it's the dopest shit.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: D&D's a fun game.

Murph: So sick.

Ally: Listen up.

Brennan: And sometimes people choose to do something cool and it's great. It is Crush's turn. Crush is gonna, uh, oh my God, what is Crush gonna do? Crush looks up, knowing that there's something on its back, grabs this fucking thing in one hand, and starts back-scratcher-ing, like wap, wap, wap on top of it.

Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw, DC 15.

Murph: Okay. Uh, six, 21.

Brennan: You are on this half pipe on a moving fucking pavement giant with this huge fucking piece of like rebar. Wham, wham! And you're like diving, pitching back and forth. Your goblin nimbleness, like, getting out of the way just in time. And Crush is gonna take a movement in a random direction. Yeah, Crush just rushes over here to this part of the battlefield. Now holding this thing. Cool, that's now going to be Kristen's turn.

Ally: Okay, great. Can I do an insight check to see how far down that manhole goes or any information about it?

Brennan: Yes, go ahead and roll.

Ally: Okay. Cool, yeah, 19 plus insight is seven, yeah, I have a high.

Brennan: Your residual Detect Evil detects a strong evil presence from deep within the manhole. Something that feels like fire and flame. Um -

Ally: Shit.

Brennan: Go ahead, uh. It feels like a very long way down. There might be some ways of climbing down there, but it feels like a long way down.

Ally: Okay, it's just straight up hell down there. Um, I'm gonna yell in elvish, like, uh, broken religious elvish,

Kristen: One big hand holds us all, Adaine. Big hand, uh, wood! Mage hand to pipe, summon me and thou.

Ally: And then uh -

        Fabian: What? What did she -

Ally: And then I'm gonna go like,

Kristen: Huh? Huh?

Emily: Honestly, it made more sense than the shirt thing.

Ally: They burned their shirts in the street! I mean, I don't really have anything else -

Murph: Who’s at - Isn't, uh, Gorgug pretty hurt?

Zac: I'm at 25 out of 53.

Brennan: You can start rushing out there to try to get there to help them.

Murph: Yeah, we're probably gonna need heals soon, 'cause you're at, I'm at 13.

Zac: I'm at 25.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Your ladder's now gone.

Ally: Oh, shit. All right, yeah, I'll have to make like an -

Brennan: Make acrobatics, yeah.

Ally: Acrobatics, okay.

Murph: Oh, no.

Ally: Can I just try to jump to the top of that half pipe?

Brennan: Sure.

Murph: So sick.

Ally: So it's a little bit -

Murph: Yell to the dwarves.

Brennan: Yeah, we'll call it a DC 15 acrobatics.

Ally: Okay.  10, two, four, or 12. I have zero acrobatics, so, uh, no, I have negative three acrobatics. Dammit.

Brennan: You jump, beef it, slide in the middle of the halfpipe, catch on fire.

Ally: Great!

Emily: What?!

Siobhan: Oh, no.

Murph: Just planking on fire.

Ally: I changed my mind. I didn't want to jump into the halfpipe, I forgot it was on fire!

Brennan: You take four falling damage.

Ally: Good.

Brennan: I’ll also need you to roll a dexterity save and try not to catch on fire.

Ally: Great, uh, let's see. Uh, 43.

Siobhan: What's the dex that she needs to not set on fire? Hang on.

Brennan: 10 to not catch on fire.

Siobhan: Oh, then I give her my 11 throw.

Lou: She got it.

Ally: Oh you got, no, but, yeah.

Siobhan: I have to say it before I see -

Brennan: Before the roll happens?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay. You use it, you're saved.

Ally: Cool, thanks.

Emily: Remember, you have a d6 of Bardic Inspiration, though.

Ally: It's true, next time.

Brennan: You do not catch on fire, you take the falling damage. You are surrounded by a flaming half pipe.

Ally: Yeah, it was important. It was a good move.

Brennan: You hear your bike say.

The Hangman: Master, if we were to do some kind of jump on a flaming half pipe, wouldn't that be something?

Fabian: I mean, yes, it would.

The Hangman: Let's figure out a way to do that!

Fabian: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: That is now going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, so acid is not the same as - it's physical damage?

Brennan: Acid is a form of physical damage. Um, you're not sure if the golem would or would not be affected by the acid. Maybe it would, maybe it wouldn't. Um, up to you.

Zac: Uh, I, hm, okay. Gorgug is gonna try to do, just to try to do cool shit, guys. Gorgug is gonna try to jump on the back of the ramp to try to use the momentum to pull it back off of its feet.

Emily: Yeah, bitch.

Brennan: Uh, okay, go ahead and make an opposed, you're basically trying to do like a shove, right?

        Fabian: Oh, Gorgug.

Zac: A pull, but yeah, it’s a shove.

Brennan: A pull, right. Uh, cool.

Siobhan: And I will give him my 17.

Brennan: Oh!

Zac: Okay. Can I roll my Bless on top of it? Or do I need to -

Brennan: I guess it actually is replacing your roll. You could roll your Bless and then add your athletics.

Zac:  Okay.

Emily: Ooh, four!

Zac: Uh, so seven, 27.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Um, you see that Gorgug gets up as this thing's toddling around, leaps up, hangs onto the back of this fuckin' thing.

Lou: Oh, I've got a plan.

Brennan: Just like, you guys see just his hoodie is expanding as his muscles fucking stretch out.
 
Ally: Cool!

Brennan: And you see that this hulking thing goes, and stumbles five feet back. Now Gorgug is hanging right over the pit of acid.

Lou: Oh.

Ally: Shit.

Brennan: That is now going to be, um, awesome turn. And Adaine, you see her eyes are glowing white with this diviner's energy as she's like, "I have seen these things to come." And speaking of which, Adaine, having seen them to come, it is now your turn.

Siobhan: Can I use my residual comprehend languages to understand what the fuck it was that she was trying to say to me?

Brennan: Yeah, what was the meaning of what -

Ally: Hm? Y'all didn't get it?

Siobhan: I have no idea.

Ally: Okay, I'll put it simply. Potlucks, y'all. Church. God now, or else fire - No, use your Mage Hand, and pile the wooden crates onto the halfpipe to weigh it down.

Emily: I think Mage Hand can only do five pounds.

Siobhan: Mage Hand can only, five pounds of damage, but here's my idea.

Emily: You know what? You can put it on, though.

Ally: You know what?

Siobhan: Uh, tell me if this will work.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: If I use Web, can I fuckin’ Spider-Man some web to the end of the halfpipe and then the other end to the floor so it, like -

Brennan: To create like a rope or something like that?

Siobhan: Yeah, to like, so if he steps forward, he falls backwards, essentially.

Brennan: Oh, to create something which will like prevent him from -

Siobhan: Yeah!

Brennan: Uh, go ahead, I'm gonna need you to make -

Emily: Like a little trap.

Brennan: This is like crafty spell work. Go ahead and make an arcana check. Call it a DC, this is like using a spell very much as it's not intended. I'm gonna say a DC 20 arcana check.

Siobhan: Ah, shit, okay. Oh, I have Bardic Inspiration.

Emily: Yeah, baby!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Hell yeah, dude.

Zac: 18, 19 -

Siobhan: Plus six.

Brennan: Strands of elven light. All the fuckin' tests you failed at Hudol, all the fuckin' times that you panicked and didn't get it right, you are improvising a spell on the spot for a different purpose than it's used for. You see Gorgug hanging in the midst, now you have two fucking web strands to stand on, and woosh, the back of the halfpipe, bam, anchors to the ground, and the thing lurches even more uncomfortable than it already is.

Adaine: I knew it, I knew I was good at magic. I knew it!

Brennan: Fabian, that's you, baby.

Lou: Okay, ugh, so many, okay, so this, what's happening right now is that Gorgug is pulling it down -

Brennan: The webs are keeping it in place, Riz is like confusing it on its back.

Lou: Okay, all right. Okay, is there any way I could, like, grab something to like, I have this crazy, I want to reach something out that Gorgug can grab, and then rev the motorcycle in the other direction pulling it further this way.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: That's literally what the web strand is.

Siobhan: Yeah, that’s the web.

Lou: Okay, so I'd like to grab one of the webs, and then rev my motorcycle in the opposite - So I guess I have to get up from prone, I'll use an action surge if I need to.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: But, to get up from prone, get on the bike, whip it around to grab a web, and then rev it in the opposite direction.

Brennan: Uh, insane. Um, go ahead -

Emily: Oh my god, yes.

Brennan: Are you gonna let Torek get an attack of opportunity on you or no?

Lou: Happily.

Brennan: Cool. Torek slugs you for 13 points of damage.

Lou: I take it hard on the chin without, with no emotion.

Brennan: Whap! You leap on The Hangman.

The Hangman: Sire, this is sick! It is sick what we do now!

Fabian: Yes, it is!

Brennan: Go ahead, can we bring out the Box of Doom?

Emily: This is kinda like the box of, like, dope.

Lou: Box of Dope. Rename it the Box of Dope for this time.

Siobhan: Box of Dope!

Zac: Depending on what this roll is for, right?

Emily: Yeah, actually, we're gonna get the Box of Doom for, uh, even it works, it's gonna be a Box of Doom for you to jump away.

Brennan: So what's gonna happen is this, let me set the scene here. Riz, in the middle of the half pipe, furiously dodging from this ladder as the golem tries to destroy him. Gorgug hanging in the scaffolding at back yanking this thing towards the acid pool. Adaine lifting up these strands of moonlight web as these robes snap and stick into place! And Fabian, fresh wound across the jaw, leaps onto the Hangman. You grab the base of one of these ropes. Now what's gonna happen is this. This golem has disadvantage on athletics checks, but it has a tremendous strength score. You are going to roll your athletics check.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Your one athletics check, okay? Um, in this, the Box of Doom. I'm gonna roll two dice.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: We're going with the lower number.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: But the lower number, it's gonna add six to that lower number. You need to beat that.

Lou: And do I have Bless in this situation?

Brennan: You have Bless in this situation.

Lou: Great.

Emily: Yeah, baby.

Lou: Ugh.

Brennan: 17 plus 23.

Ally: Damn!

Lou: Yeah, six plus four, so -

Ally: Damn!

Brennan: You, and amazingly, you see that Gorgug is holding one strand, you've got the other tied to the back of the Hangman, and this thing kneels down one one knee. It's not going down.

Lou: Uh, can I Second Wind before my turn is up?

Brennan: Yes, you may Second Wind.

Lou: Alright.

Emily: But he's unstable, right?

Brennan: Oh, incredibly unstable.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: The golem is incredibly unstable. You see that Torek Railgrinder says.

Torek: Crush! They’re going to put Crush in the acid! Stop them at any cost!

Lou:  And I gain, uh, nine health.

Brennan: Um, you gain nine health.

Emily: Ooh yeah.. Okay.

Brennan: Ooh, baby.

Lou: Guys, I'm sorry.

Ally: It was a good try.

Lou: It was a good try.

Brennan: These dwarves, um, all skate past you. And they're all, so you get an attack of opportunity on the first one of them.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: With your rapier, go ahead and take it.

Ally: This is yours now.

Lou: Uh, 15, uh, 20, 22.

Brennan: That's gonna hit. Do you wanna go for the injured one or one of the uninjured ones?

Lou: I'll go for the injured one.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: Um, bur bur bur, uh, that's gonna be nine.

Brennan: One of them is badly injured. You slash him as he goes by. They're gonna take four attacks on you. What is your armor class my man?

Lou: Me?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: My armor class is 19.

Brennan:  One of those is a critical hit. Uh, oof. Uh, seven damage from one of the dwarves.

Murph: Wow. Okay.

Emily: Wow.

Brennan: As they rush past you, all of them trying to stop Fabian before it's too late.

Fabian: Ha-ha!

Brennan: Fig, go ahead and make a perception check with that Bless, for me.

Ally: Critical hit means 20, right?

Murph: Yep.

Emily: Uh, I've got a 16, uh, 18.

Brennan: You hear from down that manhole cover -

Voice: Fig.

Fig: Daddy?

Brennan: Uh, it is your turn.

Emily: Okay, I would like to, let's see. So I want to, one, two, three, four, five, six. So I'm gonna run around here, and I would like to, if I use a cantrip, can I use Healing Word as a bonus action? If I use a cantrip, can I use a spell as a bonus action?

Murph: You can, I think.

Brennan: Yeah, fine, yeah, go for it.

Ally: 20.

Emily: So I'm comin' here, and I would like to use Thaumaturgy to create tremors in the ground underneath the golem for a minute.

Brennan: Okay, Thaumaturgy's a cantrip, I don't think it's gonna create -

Emily: It wouldn't destabilize him?

Brennan: I don't think it would destabilize it. It's like, yeah, it's a cantrip -

Emily: Motherfucker! All right, in that case, I'm just going to, I'm not going to do that then. Um, I guess I'm just gonna start running towards the manhole.

Brennan: Mhm.

Emily: But on my way, I'm gonna Healing Word, I'm gonna Healing Word, my boy.

Murph: Thank you.

Brennan: Riz, awesome. So you were over here, right?

Emily: Over near this guy, yeah.

Brennan: Cool. So you're taking a full dash action.

Emily: Yeah, I’m going towards -

Brennan: So it's gonna be one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna stick my head down. I'm gonna stick my head down and say.

Fig: Daddy, I'm here.

Brennan: You see a red, glowing light. You have more movement left if you wanna jump down.

Emily: I'm jumpin'.

Zac: No!

Siobhan: Oh, my God.

Emily: I'm gonna hang from it.

Brennan: You see like a red, glowing light at the base of -

Emily: Can I do a perception, is that daddy? Uh, I got -

Siobhan: Plus Bless.

Emily: Oh, plus my Bless. Uh, I got 20. Do I have a, does this feel safe?

Brennan: There's, you look down there, and you see a thing far away, glowing. It looks like a drum kit.

Emily: I drop! I'm goin' down!

Brennan: Whoosh!

Lou: I watch all this happen, and I'm just like.

Fabian: What the fuck?

Emily: Oh, and also I gave you, ooh, seven plus, 14.

Ally: What is happening?

Murph: Uh, dope.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Fig, you take seven points of damage on the drop.

Emily: Gladly.

Brennan: Bam! As you hit in your combat boots. You see that it's just like rubble and dust, and all of the ancient mining and refining of the mithral down here. You can smell the mithral in the air, and you see a giant, red gem in the wall. And before it, a glowing,
ruby red drum kit. Kick drum, high hat, incredible, tom-toms, every fuckin' -

Emily: I can feel it!

Brennan: So that will happen on your next turn. You take your drumsticks out, approach it. Oh, I'm actually gonna need Fabian and Adaine, we actually skipped your turn, I'm afraid, but you guys would have each had to make a wisdom save. We'll do that now.

Siobhan: A wisdom save?

Brennan: For the spirit guardians that Torek Railgrinder has.

Siobhan: Oh.

Brennan: So go ahead, give me a wisdom save, each of you.

Lou: Uh -

Siobhan: Oh, shit. Five -

Lou: 18, 17.

Brennan: 17, and what'd you get?

Siobhan: Seven.

Brennan: Seven. So Adaine, you're gonna take, um, 16, you're gonna take 21 points of damage.

Siobhan: Oh, shit, I'm on three.

Brennan: Hoo hoo!

Ally: Fuck, okay.

Brennan: And then you will take, um, four and two, two, it's eight, four points of damage.

Lou: Okay, 13.

Brennan: As these dwarven ghosts just, you know, Torek has mentioned “hall of our fathers” so many times, and these are the fathers, they're there.

Lou: Ooh.

Brennan: Torek, um, is going to rush forward and attempt to lay low Fabian. Does a 18 hit?

Lou: No.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: Oh!

Brennan: On your fucking, you're literally on a stolen bike. You dip the bike, stationary, you're staying in one place, all the way to the side and dip it back up as she,

Torek: It cannae be!

Fabian: It can! Clearly.

Brennan: That's gonna be Riz, baby.

Murph: Okay, um, I am going to hold my action and yell for Gorgug to get the fuck out of there.

Zac: To get the fuck out of there? Okay.

Murph: Or to not be somewhere where you're gonna fall in the acid.

Zac: Okay. Um, noted.

Brennan: Uh, are you holding an action?

Murph: I'm holding an action.

Brennan: What are you holding it for? What trigger?

Murph: To do, I'm gonna wait for, I’m gonna wait to see what Gorgug does, and see if he pulls it down anymore, or if he gets out of the way. I want to do something to try to knock him back, but I don't wanna do it while Gorgug's there.

Brennan: It sounds like you're saying you want to take a help action to give maybe Gorgug advantage or something like that?

Ally: You could get Gorgug maybe up onto the pipe.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You know what I mean, 'cause it sounds like you're holding an action to do something helpful to Gorgug.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: You can just take the help action if you want.

Murph: Okay, I'll just take the help action to Gorgug.

Brennan: All right, rad. Um, I might be wrong, but that sounds -

Murph: Yeah, okay, I'll do it in a sick way, though. Can I, I would like to climb up and try to ride my briefcase down, and I yell to you to pull down at the exact moment I reach it up. Like, I'm gonna try to grab this and shoot my gun as he pulls it.

Brennan: Give me an acrobatics check.

Murph: 14, plus -

Brennan: DC 20.

Murph: Oh, only 18.

Brennan: DC 20, all right. You, as you get up, you get up here, bam! Go ahead and make your attack roll.

Murph:  Uh, 13.

Brennan: 13. You miss on the attack roll. You get up on your briefcase, fly out through here, and your briefcase slips out from under you -

Murph: Oh god.

Brennan: Shoots off into the wreckage -

Emily: Oh no! All the business cards!

Brennan: You fall, I'm gonna need you to make, business cards are flying in the air -

Murph: No!

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a DC 15 dexterity save to grab onto something as you fall towards the acid.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: With the Bless.

Murph: Oh, yeah. Why am I, keep using these dice? They're cursed. These ones are good.

Ally: Hey. 16.

Murph: Dexterity saving throw?

Brennan: Dexterity saving throw.

Murph: 22.

Brennan: You see you, whoop! Your briefcase flies from under you, business cards everywhere, you drop, and you fuckin’ grab Gorgug's foot, hanging, both of you, now hanging -

Zac: Oh god, okay.

Brennan: From the fucking end of this ramp. That is going to be Crush. Crush is going to take a swing at both of you guys. Gorgug, what is your armor class?

Zac: 14?

Brennan: Hoo boy. Uh, this thing hits you for -

Zac: Fuck! He can touch me? 

Brennan: Yep. Wails around and hits you for, oh my God. Three, 10, that's only 16, halved to eight.

Zac: Okay, do I fly off, or am I still -

Brennan: You do not fly off. It's hitting you with this like rail thing, so it reaches around, wham! Hits you for eight points of damage. How much are you at right now?

Zac: I'm at 17.

Brennan: Bam! You like shake as Gorgug is smacked with this ladder. That is now going to be Kristen's turn.

Ally: Okay, great. I am in flames right now I believe. Can I do a perception check to see if maybe I can meet the devil?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: 15, one, 16. Uh, that is 23.

Brennan: 23, you look into the flames around the half pipe, and you see a face materialize.

Face in Flames: Kristen.

Kristen: Yes. Um, who are you?

Old Scratch: I am Old Scratch, Nicodemus. I am the fiddler at the crossroads. The devil, I'm the devil.

Kristen: Okay, okay, great. Um, can I ask you a question really quick?

Old Scratch: Yeah, I got time.

Kristen: Why do bad things happen to good people?

Old Scratch: Because they do them to themselves, they want it to happen.

Kristen: No! It's another terrible answer!

Emily: At least he gave you an answer, right?

Kristen: My God!

Brennan: Kristen, do you want to cast a spell or are you totally -

Ally: Yes. I'm fucking pissed! I run out of the fire completely let down. I would have gladly switched to Satan if I just got a fucking answer!

Emily: That was an answer, that was a good one.

Ally: No, it wasn't!

Emily: Yeah! Infernal path!

Kristen: No, bad things don't happen to good people 'cause they do them to themselves, pull yourself up by your bootstraps.

Emily: Follow the infernal path.

Ally: All right, I am going to, I just ran into the cloud of skaters, God dammit. Um, is there a way to like -

Siobhan: Can you go off the other side of the ramp?

Brennan: Yeah, you can go off the other side of the ramp.

Ally: Okay, I'd rather do that.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: But I need to be able to cast something to Adaine. Can I get off the ramp and kind of out to the side?

Brennan: Yeah, sure.

Ally: Okay, I want to cast this healing Disciple of Life.

Brennan: Okay, okay, Preserve Life?

Ally: Preserve Life, probably?

Brennan: Cool, yeah.

Siobhan: Great, so that brings me up to half.

Brennan: Up to half, yeah.

Siobhan: Great, so I'm at 15.

Ally: Cool. Yeah, of course.

Brennan: Rad.

Kristen: Hey.

Brennan: And that only uses, I think, like seven or some amount of her -

Adaine: You're getting worse. You're getting worse.

Ally: It only uses what?

Murph: Yeah, do more people get to do it? Do you get to do several targets?

Brennan: You can do multiple targets if you want.

Ally: Oh, then hell yeah. Who else do I, you, Riz?

Brennan: So you have 20 points -

Murph: I'm good, 'cause she healed me -

Lou: I’m at 13. Oh yeah, us two -

Murph: He’s in bad -

Zac: I could -

Murph: You guys are both bad.

Zac: I'm at 17, so it could hit me like 10 or something.

Ally: Okay, I got you, yeah.

Brennan: Do you wanna give like 10 to both of them?

Ally: Uh, yeah.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Awesome. Place fills with light. You find that your light is no longer corn-scented. It seems to have lost some of the yellow flicker to it.

Kristen: Great, okay, more questions than answers. So this is new.

Brennan: Gorgug, it is your turn.

Zac: Okay, um -

Murph: Do something sick.

Zac: With Riz, can I climb to here, and then just stomp on it? Jump, do an athletics check to just jump and then try to drive it -

Brennan: Difficult terrain, you can use your movement. I'm gonna say that you can just grab Riz and get up to the top of that ramp.

Zac: Okay, and then -

Lou: Is there some way we can time it?

Brennan: Um, uh -

Zac: Oh, I'm gonna hold, I'll go up to the top, and I'll hold my action for -

Brennan: For Fabian?

Zac: For Fabian.

Brennan: Insane.

Zac: When Fabian goes, I will jump.

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: This is the coolest shit that's ever happened. Okay, you're gonna hold your action, you guys are gonna do the athletics check together. Let's get that Box of Doom in here one more time.

Lou: Did I use my action surge to get up and get into this position?

Brennan: You did, yes.

Lou: Okay, fantastic.

Brennan: Adaine. You're holding for Fabian. Adaine, it is your turn.

Siobhan: I would like to get up next to Fabian, and then I would like to cast Burning Hands in a, uh, it's 15-foot range, but with my feat, it's 30 feet cone -

Brennan: Awesome.

Siobhan: At all of those fucking dwarves right there.

Brennan: Hoo hoo hoo!

Murph: Sweet!

Emily: Yeah!

Siobhan: And it's a dexterity saving throw for them. It's three d6 fire damage, and if they save, they get half of that damage.

Brennan: Gotcha, go ahead and roll.

Siobhan:  So a six, nine, uh 14.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: 14 damage?

Siobhan: Yes. So it's seven for if they -

Brennan: This dwarf is fully down, the rest catch completely on fire.

Dwarf: It is back!

Brennan: You see, 

Dwarf: Our homes were burned much like this now! The ironic similarity! Or is that irony or is it just poetic!

Brennan: Their beards all catching on fire. You are a, just, demon, you've just strode into the middle of this battlefield -

Fabian: Christ, Adaine. Ugh.

Brennan: Uh, you see -

Siobhan: Can I, very quickly at the end, jump on the back of his bike? Is that allowed, or no?

Brennan: Oh, yeah, jump on it.

Siobhan: Great. Give it a little extra weight.

Brennan: You see that, as you get on the back of the bike, you see that the Hangman goes,

The Hangman: Master, this one wields flame with great proficiency.

Fabian: Yes, it's quite impressive.

The Hangman: I can't see back there, is she, uh, what are we talkin'? I mean, cute, good looking, or -

Fabian: Bike, Hangman. No. No, we don't talk about women in that way.

The Hangman: I never shall speak of them in this way again.

Fabian: But she is rather cute.

The Hangman: Course, nothing wrong with that, it's fine. People being beautiful is a wonderful part of life.

Fabian: Well, it's just you went straight there.

The Hangman: I did go straight there, that's not right.

Brennan: Okay, Box of Doom. I'm gonna need, so here's what's gonna happen. Fabian and Gorgug are each gonna roll an athletics check.

Zac: Cool.

Brennan: Um, we are, you get advantage on it.

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: I'm gonna pick a weirder looking D20 so we can tell.

Zac: Do we, we both have Bless, too.

Lou: We both have Bless.

Brennan: Both have Bless. Get ready for a shit load of math here in the Box of Doom. Uh, go for it, go over here. If you wanna hold it right there, I'm gonna toss 'em in.

Siobhan: I'll be your magical assistant.

Brennan: Get ready. One, two, three.

Lou: Nat 20!

Zac: I rolled a five, I'll just re-roll that.

Brennan: Re-roll that? Okay, go ahead, re-roll that.

Lou: Get a second nat 20.

Zac: Nine, better than -

Brennan: Better, better! You see -

Zac: 13, so that's still a 19 for me.

Brennan: A 19 from Gorgug.

Ally: That's so cool.

Brennan: Allow me to narrate this moment.

Zac: Please.

Brennan: Fabian cranks the fucking engine of the Hangman, aided in terms of pure rocket velocity by the insane burning hands that are spewing forth from Adaine. The strands of web attached to the bike, Gorgug grabs Riz under one arm, adding extra weight to the jump, up, boom! I will need a dexterity saving throw from Gorgug and Riz.

Zac: I have advantage, can I help him with my throw?

Brennan: Actually, if you just want to carry him and take him with you with an advantage saving throw -

Zac: I mean, do you have good dexterity, or?

Murph: I have great dexterity, but I have really bad luck. I'll jump out of the way at the last second if you fail.

Brennan: Uh, go ahead and roll on this, roll a dexterity saving throw.

Zac: Okay, with Bless?

Brennan: With Bless, yep.

Zac:  20.

Brennan: Nat 20!

Ally: Ohh!

Brennan: You -

Lou: This is the dopest thing we've ever done.

Siobhan: Gorgug, Gorgug, Gorgug!

Brennan: You guys leap from here. Bam!

Siobhan: Oh, dope.

Brennan: Into the fucking acid. You see this golem is covered. This is the stuff they used to strip rock from mithral back in the day. As it corrodes, the halfpipe sinking into the fucking acid! You guys, both of you guys, fuckin' tear. Voo! And spin back around. Kristen - You guys, on the strands of the fucking web, go, woo, through the half pipe and the flame, wah wah wah, and land, boom boom, over here.

Siobhan: So dope!

Kristen: Whoa!

Brennan: The dwarves, the living dwarves turn to face you, all of them standing here with Torek. Fig, it is your turn. Could you kindly give me a performance check?

Emily: A performance check? Okay. I got Bless. Please, this is the most important performance of my life. Okay, I got a 26.

Brennan: 26?!

Murph: What?! You looked so nervous!

Ally: That “okay” was so bummed!

Emily: 17 plus, oh, sorry, 24.

Brennan: Oh.

Ally: Still.
 
Brennan: Only a 24. You guys have just, you're both standing up here, this fucking Goblin and half-orc. You're like partially singed and flaming. Fabian has Adaine on his bike, you're like covered in magical energy. Kristen, you're also partially ensconced in flames, standing here surrounded by light.The dwarves turn to look at you as their fucking golem sinks and dissolves into the acid. Torek goes,

Torek: Now, you see.

Brennan: The manhole begins to glow. Torek looks and goes,

Torek: Drums. Drums in the deep. We shredded too greedily and too swiftly! Our fathers, they unleashed something horrible!

Brennan: The ruby, deep beneath the factory, glows, and you hear -

Emily: Do I have a band?

Siobhan: Oh, my God. He's opening the box!

Brennan: Bursting with you on his back -

Siobhan: Oh my god!

Lou: What the fuck?

Ally: What the fuck?

Brennan: Bursting forward, an ancient demon of flame and fire. With the sickest, fuckin’, metalest power chord behind him. And you appear here, your smoking drumsticks in your hand.

Fig: What's up?

Kristen: Who the fuck is that?

Fabian: Who the fuck is that, Fig?

Riz: This is awesome.

Fig: It's probably my dad! Daddy?

Brennan: You see the dwarves all go,

Dwarf: It has awoken!

Brennan: And fuckin' skate the hell outta here. They grab their friend and fuckin' peace.

Fig: One, two, three, four!
 
Brennan: Fiery whip crack. Uh, you descend from the thing's shoulder.

Demon: Fig?

Fig: Daddy?

Demon: Oh, oh, God. Oh, oh my God. Hey, kiddo. I, how? Did you just play that fuckin' sick drum solo?

Fig: That was me, I'm sick at the drums.

Fabian: Should we give them a moment? We'll take a couple of steps back in the corner.

Emily: I go to hug his huge fucking quad.

Ally: Can I do, like, an insight check to see if that's really her dad? Yeah, 19, one. Yeah, high.

Brennan: Uh, there's a lot of complex emotions going on right here.

Murph: You got a 27.

Brennan: 27?

Ally: I got a 27, yeah.

Brennan: There's like a lot of guilt, and there's like a lot of love.

Fig: Are you Gorthalax?

Demon: I am Gorthalax the Insatiable. Uh, you don't have to call me that, you can call me, I mean, I guess call me whatever you want.

Fig: How about, how do you feel about “dad”?

Brennan: Rivers of flame trace down the massive face. The golem finishes dissolving.

Fabian: What the fuck is happening?

Gorthalax: Uh, kiddo, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.

Fig: It's okay. I mean, you missed a lot of stuff, but I'll tell you all about it.

Gorthalax: I would love that.

Fig: Yeah, totally.

Gorthalax: Are these your friends?

Fig: Yeah, you could call them that.

Kristen: Beautiful.

Riz: Can you ask your dad if people, like, people sacrifice kids to him or something?

Fabian: Yeah, are we gonna have to kill him at some point?

Kristen: That was beautiful.

Fig: Dad, my friends, like, think that you have people get sacrificed to you.

Gorthalax: Oh, yeah, all the time.

Fig: But they were like pieces of shit that deserved to be sacrificed.

Gorthalax: No, they were often good people.

Fabian: Are they often, are they teenage girls?

Gorthalax: What? No, no, not really. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry. I don’t, I didn't like, ask for people to do that. They just like, get that idea, and just do that. People have sacrificed people to me a lot. I didn't, that wasn't something I asked for or -

Fig: Okay, but you're not, like, fueled by the souls of innocents, right?

Gorthalax: No, the opposite, I'm fueled by the souls of very bad people.

Riz: Do you know why one of your followers, Johnny Spells, might have been -

Gorthalax: That guy fuckin' sucks.

Fabian: What?

Fig: He definitely did suck.

Riz: He didn't even fuck.

Fig: He definitely, he didn't fuck.

Gorthalax: Wait, did word get around? I made him do that! I said if you want spells from me, no fuck.

Fabian: Oh, that's very good.

Riz: Wow.

Adaine: That’s -

Gorthalax: He's a fuckin', that kid's a boner. Oh, I'm sorry, should I talk this way around you?

Gorgug: Boner's not that bad.

Riz: We talk like that all the time. We're always dunkin' on each other.

Kristen: Could I ask a question? Why, uh, did I just meet you in the fire, or was that a different devil?

Gorthalax: That wasn't, I was trapped in a ruby, and someone had to play a sick riff on the drums to get me -

Fig: You were trapped? That's why you weren't around when I was a kid?

Gorthalax: Fig, if I could have been there -

Zac: Oh.

Gorthalax: Of course I would have been there.

Fig: Let's go back and redo everything. We can redo everything.

Kristen: What?

Gorthalax: Okay, hey, guys, how 'bout this? Crazy day. I heard some of what was happening up there. That was fuckin' nuts. Did you guys drag that golem into the acid pit?

        Riz: It was super - it was super sick.

Fabian: It was actually Johnny Spells' motorcycle.

Gorthalax: You fuckin' jacked that dude's bike? This kid rules! I don't care who you are, dude.

Fabian: Oh, stop it, oh please stop, please stop.

Adaine: I also have this gross switch-comb that I think is maybe yours?

Gorthalax: I made him put his soul in that! I thought that would be funny to do that.

Fig: Oh! Throw it in the acid if his soul is in it!

Gorgug: Do you want it? Do you want it, his soul?

Gorthalax: I don't really give a sh - Uh, yeah, let me hang onto it. Uh, tell you what. Long fight, you guys just fuckin' kicked a bunch of ass. Uh, you guys wanna g --

Fig: To Basrar's?

Gorthalax: What's that? Let's go to Basrar's, we can get some ice cream.

Fabian: I'm sorry, you can go to Basrar's?

Gorthalax: Who would stop me?

Fabian: Okay, let's go to Basrar's!

Adaine: Hey, I just have a quick question. You haven't seen like a rat running around here, have you? Or like a goth kid or anything like that?

Gorthalax: Yeah, there was a rat here a bunch of times.

Gorgug: Is it still here?

Riz: No, like a -

Adaine: Like, right, like a -

Riz: Like somebody's pet rat.

Adaine: Yeah, not like a -

Riz: Not just a regular rat.

Brennan: Uh, you see that he looks around, summons a weird little flame elemental thing that woosh, shoots out and comes back with a little brown and white rat a moment later.

Zac: Can I do an insight check to see if it's -

Ally: Yeah, I'll do the same thing.

Lou: I’ll also -

Brennan: It is. It is.

Emily: Yeah, okay.

Brennan: It for sure is.

Ally: 20.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Gorthalax: Uh, this?

Fig: Yeah, why do people want it?

Gorthalax: I don't know if they're gonna be down with a rat in the ice cream shop, but we can give it a shot.

Kristen: Yeah, we'll come in with a full demon, but they might draw the line at a rat.

Fabian: Don’t say that, don’t say that.

Gorthalax: This kid's got some fucking spine, I dig it. I'm not gonna lie.

Kristen: I'm going through a major change right now.

Gorthalax: Hey, you know what? At your age, that's good, and it's natural. Let's go get some ice cream, huh?

Kristen: I like your dad.

Fig: Yeah, can we quick, get that ruby that you were trapped in?

Gorthalax: Nah.

Fig: Really?

Gorthalax: I’ll get, I'll pick it up later.

Fig: Okay, okay, cool.

Brennan: And that's all for this week on Fantasy High! Tune in next week, thanks for watchin'.

[EPISODE9]

Lou: Brennan?

Brennan: Yeah?

Lou: My goal today?

Brennan: Yeah?

Lou: Is to make your life a living hell.

Brennan: Hey, dude?

Siobhan: Yeah, man, we’re not even going to this place you’ve set -

Brennan: Give me your fucking best, dude.

Emily: Yeah, Brennan.

Siobhan: Fuck you, man. We just wanna go eat ice cream and go to the library.

Brennan: You can't avoid what you don't know you're trying to miss, you know what I mean? I am around you, I'm in here. I am fuckin’ -

Lou: Dude, I spent the last five days studying.

Siobhan: I cast Ray of Sickness on the DM.

Brennan: Uh, the DM fucking accepts and fuckin' barfs fucking monsters out at you, you know what I mean, dude? I mean I'm ready, baby! Hello and welcome back to Fantasy High, and my name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. These are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: No! Guys, we're having such a great time. Last we left our intrepid heroes, they were back at the Durinson Mithril Factory having released Gorthalax the Insatiable from deep within the bowels of the old mines. Gorthalax turned out to be Fig's dad.

Emily: Woo!

Siobhan: Daddy!

Brennan: Daddy.

Emily: So good to be back.

Brennan: Did we have some business to wrap up at the Mithril Factory last we left off?

Siobhan: I just wanted to make sure the dwarf that we made unconscious didn't die, since they are just a bunch of kids. Right?

Ally: Mmm.

Zac: I think they took 'em away, didn't they?

Siobhan: They did?

Brennan: You saw Torek Railgrinder raise her ax and shield and fully heal that dwarf. As they skate away, you see their backpacks. These kids are from Oakshield. Meaning they're middle school kids.

Siobhan: They're middle school kids.

Brennan: They're middle school kids.

Emily: Real quick, real quick -

Siobhan: We almost got dunked on so badly by a bunch of middle school kids. So embarrassing.

Ally: Yeah. We did get dunked on so bad.

Murph: No, but we dunked on them.

Emily: So no one -

Siobhan: Well, no, but even needing to dunk against a middle schooler means that we got dunked on.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: There are no almost dunks. We dunked.

Ally: No.

Zac: You ever dunked on like a little goal? It’s - great.

Emily: No one died, they all skated away?

Brennan: You dropped, well, the golem is very much destroyed, but whether it was ever living and can be said to have died is a matter of kind of arcane cosmology.

Murph: He didn't.

Zac: It's easier for my brain, he didn't die.

Emily: He died.

Brennan: But the dwarves all made it out fine.

Emily: Okay, so there's no, like, extra skateboards lying around that I could snag?

Brennan: You do not see any extra skateboards. You can see there’s -

Emily: Can I do a search check to double check?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Investigate check.

Emily: Ooh, bitch. Uh, that's gonna be 19.

Brennan: A 19? So you're just like snoopin' around lookin' for an extra deck, and your fucking long lost father is like,

Gorthalax: Hey, uh, you lookin' for anything? I think we said we were gonna go get some ice cream, right?

Fabian: Yes, that was the plan.

Fig: Let's do that.

Gorthalax: All right, let's do it, huh?

Emily: Um, I link arms with my daddy.

Brennan: You link arms with your daddy. He sort of looks down at the enormous arm, smiles down with this weird skull demon face. This sort of - Um, you see he goes,

Gorthalax: By the dark powers of the nine realms of the pit, I transport us.

Brennan: A fiery pentagram covers the ground underneath you, and whoosh, you appear in the parking lot of Basrar's!

Fig: My dad is so metal.

Fabian: Ho, wow!

Gorthalax: Rad, all right! Well, you guys fire away, and just whatever you like, get whatever you like!

Siobhan: I like grab Kristen to the back of the group as we're walking in and I'm like,

Adaine: This is bad, right?

Kristen: I don't know anymore.

Adaine: Okay, but - I know that you're going through an existential crisis, but--

Kristen: Adaine, I talked to the devil.

Adaine: Yeah, and -

Kristen: In fire.

Adaine: That's good? Is that good?

Kristen: But it wasn't this devil.

Adaine: It was a different devil? Well, I mean, there are many gods and many devils.

Kristen: Yeah, you're right, but also, this might not be good. He seems kinda weird.

Adaine: Yeah, I just, I don't know, it's weird.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: I mean I'm still gonna take the ice cream.

Kristen: Yeah, same.

Emily: I've created a Minor Illusion. I've cast a Minor Illusion on my shirt so now it says, "Daddy's little demon."

Kristen: I feel like no one I know actually uses the word “daddy” as much as I'm hearing it used.

Adaine: No, I -

Kristen: It's a sex thing, right? Like, I don't know.

Adaine: It seems like a sex thing.

Zac: Why don't you make my shirt say, "Her daddy's little demon?"

Murph: Do we - Does, uh, does Gorthalax still have the rat?

Brennan: Yes, he is holding this small little rat. He goes,

Gorthalax: Hey, do you wanna hold onto this?

Riz: Yeah.

Gorthalax: Here you go. Little squeaky guy. Look at him. Look at him go.

Ally: Aw, cute!

Brennan: So you guys go in there, he, like, crawls in through the door and stomps over. Basrar comes over, sort of a little icy whirlwind genie in this soda fountain clerk outfit. He goes,

Basrar: Ah, I see that your wish for ice cream later has, unless you do not wish to use that wish at this point.

Fig: Actually, we don't need to use it because my dad will be paying.

Kristen: Thank God.

Gorthalax: Oh, sure, yeah, absolutely. You guys file in, and I got it, the whole thing's on Gorthalax, so that's fine.

Brennan: You are led over to like a big, round, cushy red booth over at the corner. Gorthalax looks up, and you can see - Everyone make an Insight check.

Siobhan: Uh, 20, not nat 20.

Murph: 23.

Ally: 27.

Zac: 5.

Emily: I got a 12.

Murph: So insightful.

Siobhan: He might be your dad!

Brennan: Here's the thing, Gorgug. You know how important this moment is for Fig, so you would never want to, like, steal her thunder or rain on her parade. It seems pretty likely that - Gorthalax is probably also your dad.

Gorgug: My dad?

Murph: What did you roll?

Zac: 5.

Brennan: Um, you got a 27 And you got a 23?

Murph: Uh, yeah.

Brennan: You guys are looking at Gorthalax sitting next to Fig, and you see his body language is such that his knees are kind of drawn up, his giant hooves, he's like trying not to hit anything. His wings are kind of folded up behind him, he's like tied up his whip on his belt of this weird, furry loincloth with, like, human skulls on it. And you see that he looks extremely bashful and kind of shy, like he's trying to make as good an impression as possible. Uh, and just looks very - you see he keeps looking over at Fig and kind of smiling, and seems - kind of also very jarred, from having been trapped in a ruby for some amount of years, and being free. He looks down at Fig and says,

Gorthalax: So wow, so these are your pals. Tell me all about it. How's adventuring academy and all that?

Fig: Oh, it's cool. Um, I'm taking a lot of barbarian classes, um, so -

Gorthalax: Great! That's great. You should be well rounded, I mean, you're young.

Gorgug: I'm a barbarian, and I just, uh, just thought I'd interject here, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it for the past few minutes, but I think I should address it.

Riz: Gorgug, please.

Kristen: Gorgug.

Gorgug: Are you my dad?

Riz: Gorgug, you gotta stop -

Gorgug: Are you my sister, and are you my dad?

Fabian: I'm so sorry, sir, this is -

Gorgug: We're all thinking it, we're all wondering -

Fabian: None of us thinking -

Riz: You're thinking that.

Kristen: Fig is really great, uh -

Emily: Fig starts crying, and she's like,

Fig: My little family is growing.

Fabian: Fig, do not encourage him! Fig, don't encourage this.

Gorthalax: We're gonna take a T.O., we're gonna take a time out, so -

Gorgug: Are you my papa?

Gorthalax: I, hey, here's the thing. Uh, I think probably, if I were your dad, you would have probably sprouted horns or shown some kind of infernal legacy. That doesn't mean that I'm not proud of you, and it doesn't mean that I don't think it's great that you really - you guys kicked ass in that battle. I mean, good job, kiddo.

Kristen: Thanks.

Adaine: Thank you.

Fig: Thank you.

Fabian: That's very sweet of you.

Kristen: Yeah, that's really nice.

Gorthalax: Hey -

Kristen: Gorgug has dinky parents.

Fabian: Kristen!

Adaine: Oh, they're so cute, I love his parents. I love your parents so much.

Gorgug: They are pretty dinky.

Kristen: I didn't mean like that. Just to explain why he's kind of hung up on this. Sorry, I didn't mean that as like an insult.

Gorthalax: This might seem crazy, but I kind of - I've always felt like family isn't purely limited to blood. You sort of choose your family.

Kristen: Yeah, it's like everyone else who believes in the same god you do.

Siobhan: Adaine just has one tear. Just like scrolling down her face.

Gorthalax: Um, so that's wild. So you guys, how did you find me? That's crazy.

Fig: So we, you shoulda seen us in this other fight, I was driving a Corvette - we have all the time in the world, I'm sure you'll hear about it. Um, but we, you know, we killed -

Siobhan: Can I Message to Fig to say I don't think that we should tell him about the palimpsest?

Brennan: Yeah, you hear Adaine, go ahead and make a Slight of Hand to conceal this from Gorthalax.

Siobhan: A 4.

Brennan: You see Gorthalax stops suddenly and says,

Gorthalax: Um, I don't - the last thing I want to be is rude. I heard your Message, I can kind of smell magic. I'm made out of kind of raw extra-planar energy.

Fig: And I'm made from that.

Gorthalax: I don't think it's fair for me to act on what I heard 'cause it was said in confidence, but I also want to be just, forthcoming and just say that I heard it.

Adaine: I'm, I'm sorry.

Gorthalax: You’re not - Hey, guys, you're not in any trouble. You're fine, you're all fine. Uh, so shoot me straight here. What's goin' on? Why did you guys come and get me out of there? Why were you comin' to the mithril factory?

Fig: We've got -

Riz: Why are - Who put you in that ruby?

Gorthalax: Who put me in the ruby?

Fig: That's a good question. You know what? We should seek revenge on whoever put my dad in a precious gem!

Gorthalax: Well, if you wanna go kick this guy's ass, his name's Arthur Aguefort.

Fabian: Oh!

Kristen: What?

Fabian: Well.

Fig: He actually kicked his own ass. Interesting.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: He -

Fabian: I mean, there's a way to view it as we actually killed Arthur Aguefort.

Kristen: Yeah, I did sneak him into heaven though, but that was -

Gorthalax: Sorry?

Kristen: That was really quick.

Fabian: He committed suicide so that we might - two of us actually died. Uh, who was it? Kristen died, and Gorgug died.

Gorgug: I died.

Fabian: And Arthur produced the last phoenix egg and killed another man and himself that they might live again.

Fig: Wait a second, so Arthur Aguefort is responsible for the fact that I grew up without a father.

Kristen: Wow.

Gorthalax: I should say, in his defense, I kinda went buck wild.

Fig: Who doesn't, Dad?

Riz: What do you mean, buck wild?

Kristen: What kind of buck wild? Like Vegas buck wild, or -?

Brennan: You see Basrar brings over a bunch of sundaes and milkshakes. You see Gorthalax says,

Gorthalax: By the way, if you guys want to get like, real food, too, I don't know if you had dinner. I probably shouldn't just get y'all ice cream.

Kristen: Can I get some nuts?

Riz: What?

Gorthalax: Yeah, let's get some nuts. Probably we can do that. I think we can do a load of chicken fingers here -

Kristen: Just some extra nuts, and then that's my dinner. Protein!

Fabian: Oh, god.

Kristen: My people survived in the desert with just a few nuts raining down from heaven.

Fabian: Okay. No, we understand.

Gorthalax: Okay, we'll get some nuts, that's good. Uh, so, uh -

Brennan:  You see that Basrar brings over a bunch of ice cream.

Kristen: Everything in my religion is sexual.

Fabian: Yeah, we get it, mm-hmm.

Brennan: Gorthalax looks over and says,

Gorthalax: All right, we'll do a little flashback here. So I used to be, uh, an angel, all right? I was Gorthiel, the seraph of eating the right amount of food.

Kristen: Oh, wow.

3Gorthalax: And, when I fell from grace, I became Gorthalax the Insatiable.

Kristen: Oh, wow.

Adaine: Very specific angel name.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fig: You were the angel of eating the right amount of food?

Kristen: Did you just eat a lot of Think Thin bars?

Gorgug: Wait, so you're a fallen -

Gorthalax: Fallen angel.

Adaine: What are other angel names?

Fabian: What is the right amount of food?

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: Is there, uh -

Gorthalax: Based on the person, it's not a calorie thing. It's just based on the person. Because obviously, you're not eating enough, that's not great.

Fabian: Uh-huh.

Gorthalax: You're eating too much, that's not great either. And it's not just for personal reasons, it's for sort of community, right? You know, food can be scarce and -

Fabian: Thank you.

Fig: Honestly, I think you did the right thing falling. Being insatiable is way cooler.

Kristen: Were you with Sol and Helio in heaven?

Gorthalax: I was an angel of Sol, yeah.

Kristen: Whoa, isn't he lame? I met him and he sucked!

Gorthalax: Did you meet Sol or Helio?

Kristen: I met Helio.

Gorthalax: Yeah, that guy sucks! He's a turd.

Kristen: Wait, so Sol doesn't suck?

Gorthalax: Sol's a hard guy to read. Uh, you know, sun god, you can't really look right at him.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Even you can't?

Gorthalax: No. And certainly not now. But even back in the day, if you were gonna go into his office, you'd kind of have to, you know -

Kristen: That's in the Holy Book of Grain. A bunch of people see him, and they leave, and there's a big, you know, floating black dot where they tried to look at Helio.

Gorthalax: Exactly, yeah, 100%. Um, yeah, I fell from grace during the sort of reign of Kalvaxus, and this is like a couple centuries ago, and I landed over in, uh, where I was, the Durinson Mithril Factory. So about 15 years ago, dwarves did what dwarves do, they delved too greedily and too deep, and I basically sprung out, and I kinda went, uh - I don't know, I kind of, you know, I was dealing with some stuff at the time. I hadn't really processed my feelings about falling, and, uh, I went, uh, I went ham, you know? I really -

Fabian: What kind of stuff?

Gorthalax: Hm?

Fabian: What kind of stuff were you doing?

Gorthalax: Murder. I was doing an incredible amount of murder.

Fabian: Oh! Okay.

Kristen: Whoa.

Fabian: Just like straight up murder? Like ritual killing or like -

Gorthalax: No, not ritual killing. Just sort of going to town, you know.

Fig: I'm sure you had your reasons.

Kristen: Whoa, Fig, you have murderer's blood in you.

Gorthalax: Yeah, that's fair.

Fig: That sounds awesome. I'm even more metal.

Kristen: You look scared.

        Gorgug: Do you -

Riz: What were you insatiable for? Murder? Or food?

Gorthalax: Uh, food, murder, kind of all of it.

Riz: Just excess?

Gorthalax: Excess in general.

Riz: Okay.

Fabian: Oh, this is too much ice cream for all of us. Oh.

Gorthalax: Well, I actually, if you want to know -

Brennan: You see that he lifts the ice cream to his mouth, and as it gets close to his mouth, the fire in the back of his mouth heats up, and all the ice cream melts and evaporates. And he goes,

Gorthalax: So it's kind of like “Insatiable” in that like I can't -

Fabian: Ohh!

Kristen: Oh, it's in-satiable.

Gorthalax: In-satiable.

Kristen: Wow.

Fabian: That's funny, that's well thought out. I like that, it's funny.

Kristen: That sucks.

Gorthalax: For sure. Yeah

Fig: Don't worry, Dad, I can figure out a way to get you to eat finally.

Gorthalax: Kiddo, that's very sweet.

Fig: I'm on it.

Gorthalax: This is so rad, what is this, kid? This jacket rules. This is awesome.

Fig: This is Johnny Spells' jacket.

Gorthalax: Oh, that turd.

Fig: Yeah.

Gorthalax: Yeah. For sure -

Fig: After we killed him I took it as a spoil of war.

Gorthalax: That fuckin' rules.

Fig: Thank you.

Gorthalax: That's awesome. Uh, so I busted out of there. I kind of made for the Mountains of Chaos, and on the way out of Solace, I met, uh, Sandra Lynn. I met your mom.

Fig: Did you guys hit it off? 'Cause I kind of hate her these days, so I'm like, what did you even see in her?

Gorthalax: You know, kiddo, um, I don't think that any of your feelings are wrong, but I think that something that happens sometimes when a parent is absent is that the people that you're with every day, they get the brunt of those feelings of sadness, right, that you're experiencing. And I think probably I deserve at least a part of that, but it's only 'cause I wasn't around that I get all this extra credit that I really haven't earned. Your mom worked her ass off, and I’m not - I don't wanna tell you your feelings are wrong, but I'm not super comfortable talking poorly about the woman who, after all, brought you into the world and raised you.

Kristen: Holy shit, he's such a nice devil.

Fabian: Right? It's like, is he a demon?

Kristen: It's crazy.

Fabian: It's fucking crazy, I - what is happening

Fig: I hear everything you're saying. And I realize now that I have completely mistreated Gilear.

Gorgug: The lunch lad?

Fig: Yeah, Gilear the lunch lad.

Gorgug: Oh!

Fig: That's my -

Gorgug: Oh, right.

Kristen: Oh, your stepdad.

Fig: My stepdad, or - I don't know what we are anymore.

Adaine: Uh, Mr. The Insatiable?

Gorthalax: Mm-hmm?

Adaine: Do you mind me asking, uh, why it was that you were trapped in the ruby?

Gorthalax: I made for the border, Sandra Lynn caught me. I didn't, to be honest, I didn't know she was married at the time.

Fig: Oh, I thought you -

Gorthalax: But we had a really powerful connection that felt special, and, um, when I kind of was -

Kristen: Did you have sex?

Fig: Can you stop? Where do you think I came from?

Fabian: You can't ask if people had sex!

Kristen: Okay, I'm sorry! What was it like?

Fabian: Stop!

Kristen: Hm?

Fabian: Stop!

Kristen: What?

Fig: I definitely don't wanna hear about what my dad's sex is like.

Fabian: Though, I do, you know what? Actually, I am interested, you're like seven feet tall and a demon.

Fig: Okay, everyone stop talking about sex with my dad.

Fabian: Oh, okay!

Kristen: Okay, sorry!  He just put everything into words so great -
        
Gorthalax: Here's the thing, guys, I'm gonna be real with you all right now.

Fabian: I don't like this energy at all.

Gorthalax: If you want to talk, if you guys haven't had The Talk, I'll give you The Talk.

Fabian: Okay then -

Riz: We don’t -

Kristen: I did have The Talk.

Fig: Wait a second! This is awesome! This is what dads and their daughters do!

Gorgug: Is this necessarily -

Fabian: This is definitely what dads, daughters, and their five close friends do in an ice cream shop in public.

Kristen: Was The Talk for everyone else the hand counts as, as sex - 

Fabian: Yes.

Adaine: No.

Kristen: - and you need to save yourself for marriage?

Adaine: No.

Fabian: Not that part.

Gorthalax: First of all, I would say that sex is any time two people are expressing love for each other in a way that feels intimate, right? Sex doesn't have to involve your genitals. Some people have sex that don't even have them. There's certain elementals and other creatures that aren't biological.

Fig: Can you have sex by accident then?

Gorthalax: By accident? Um -

Fig: Have I had sex with an elemental?

Adaine: I don't think I'll ever understand sex.

Gorthalax: Sweetie, I think you’d know. I would hope that you would know.

Fabian: Why are we talking about - This is gross!

Murph: Can I see how the rat is kind of reacting to him? I want to give a nod over to Gorthalax, and do we know the rat's name?

Brennan: Go ahead and make a little Investigate check.

Murph: Okay. Uh, that's going to be a lot. Where's, why do I not see? Oh, uh, 23.

Brennan: You look back over your notes from your first couple days at school and catch the name “Edgar” that you wrote down as the name of the rat. Gorthalax goes,

Gorthalax: Well, okay, if this is a little uncomfortable, I get that. But here's what I'd say now. I - To kind of give you guys the timeline, uh, Johnny Spells started comin' around the Durinson Mithril Factory couple years ago, maybe two or three years ago, somethin' like that. And, um, first, when he got there, all he was really doin' was just goin' there to sort of dance his feelings out. You know, it was like a big, abandoned factory, and he would kinda go, and you know, post up on a wall, and kind of hit it rhythmically, and then he'd kind of take his jacket off -

Fabian: Did he ever swing around on a chain?

Gorthalax: Swing around on a chain, and kind of slide on his knees.

Gorgug: Did he drink like maybe one half of a beer?

Gorthalax: Yeah, half of a beer, and then he would kind of smash it, and he would kind of like skip, knee way up high, snapping and kind of sort of charging down like a long thing.

Adaine: Wow, did he ever pretend to like weld, so that the sparks were flying up at him?

Gorthalax: That's basically all he did. There's a bunch of stuff in that factory that's not goin' anywhere 'cause it's welded to other stuff that it has no business being welded to.

Riz: Did he bring girls up there?

Gorthalax: No, he didn't. Part of the deal I made with him was that he couldn't do any kind of sex stuff. I kinda got the immediate vibe that this guy was a creep, and was sort of just a bit I was doing that I thought was funny. Then I was like, what if I made this dude not even be able to sort of jerk off? You know.

Kristen: Wow.

Gorthalax: Or he can't -

Kristen: Can't imagine what that life would be like. That would be weird, fuckin' weirdo.

Gorthalax: Have you never explored your body, Kristen?

Kristen: No.

Riz: Holy shit.

Fabian: Can you not, you're not allowed to ask young girls -

Kristen: One time with a corn cob!

Fabian: Ugh.

Gorthalax: I don’t feel comfortable with how much we’re -

Gorgug: Can I ask another question instead of dealing with this?

Gorthalax: Hey, T.O., gang.

Riz: Yeah.

Gorthalax: Why are we shaming Kristen for something that's, again, perfectly natural.

Kristen: I love this guy! Are you starting a religion?

Gorthalax: I do technically, kind of my deal is I do buy souls, so if you wanted to sell your soul for powers -

Riz: Nope, Kristen.

Adaine: That seems like not a great idea.

Fig: Kristen, it's my dad, I can vouch for him.

Riz: Don't do it.

Fig: He's legit. He’s my dad.

Riz: Gorthalax, can we get a T.O. from you real quick?

Fabian: Yes, agreed.

Kristen: I would like to T.O. your T.O. and bring it back to the body talk.

Gorthalax: You know what? I'm gonna go outside, I'm gonna go outside, I'm gonna have a quick cigarette. I haven't lit up in I don’t know how long.

Fig: Oh, I've got some cloves, hand rolled, if you want any.

Gorthalax: Cloves?

Kristen: Hand-rolled cloves?

Brennan: He takes it and says,

Gorthalax: You know what? I haven't smoked a clove since I was, what, 3000? Yeah, I'll give it a shot, that's crazy.

Ally: I don't think anyone who smokes cloves knows how to hand roll anything. That is the entry-level cigarette.

Brennan: Gorthalax goes outside.

Siobhan: Can I, as he's going outside, do an Arcana check on him?

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Siobhan: 10.

Emily: I'm just gonna stare out the window while he's out there. Like a cat whose owner has just left.

Gorgug: I -

Riz: Everyone needs to stop telling the demon everything.

Fig: The demon?

Adaine: Well, I'm sorry. I was trying to message her incognito.

Fig: And I -

Riz: No, I'm not, I'm talking about the people who were telling him everything -

Fabian: Oh, about the suicides?

Riz: About trying to make him your patron devil.

Kristen: I don't know -

Adaine: Yeah, you definitely don't want to become a warlock.

Fabian: Yeah, do not sell your soul.

Fig: Excuse me -

Kristen: Do you guys not think about these things? Like what happens to us when we die, why are we here?

Fig: This is my dad!

Gorgug: Sometimes you go to hell!

Adaine: Yeah, if you die, you're gonna go to hell, and while you're alive, you have to sacrifice something great in your life. Like, Johnny Spells had to sacrifice ever having an orgasm I guess?

Kristen: That's not very different from my life!

Adaine: No, but he wouldn't take that from you, he would take -

Gorgug: I just have a question.

Fig: If you think about it, your text asks you to sacrifice. You make so many sacrifices for the corn god based off of some stupid book, so if my dad just asked you to give up chocolate, what's the difference?

Kristen: Right.

Adaine: It's not gonna be chocolate. It's gonna be like, friends, or something.

Kristen: No.

Gorgug: I got a question.

Riz: Guys, okay, I don't know what he can hear. He seems very powerful, he seems like maybe he can hear us right now, so I'm gonna write a little note, and then I'm gonna show you guys.

Murph: And then I wanna show them to like remember that there was like a fallen angel that was part of the evidence the first day when we got into a fight in the cafeteria.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Riz: So just something to keep in mind while we all become best friends.

Kristen: Oh, you're right, we should do this more often.

Fig: I can’t believe this.

Siobhan: Can I throw that piece of paper up in the air and then cast Fire Bolt on it?

Brennan: Burns up. You guys see Gorthalax comes back in, he kind of sits bashfully down at the table. He says,

Gorthalax: Uh, listen. You'd have to be pretty thick to not recognize that you're kinda making people uncomfortable, and I just wanna say there's no hard feelings, I get it. I come from the deepest pit of hell, and I -

Adaine: Oh, we're not uncomfortable, we're fine.

Zac: Can I just, can I do a Sense Motive, or is it just Insight?

Brennan: Insight, yeah.

Zac: Okay. Let me just try again. Okay, I got a 10.

Brennan: He seems like he's just talking, he seems a pretty relaxed guy. You see he goes,

Gorthalax: Uh, Kristen?

Kristen: Mm-hmm.

Gorthalax: I appreciate that you're having a crisis of faith. I had the same thing, it's why I fell. I don't think I'm a great choice for you. Fundamentally, what I do now, going around and collecting the souls of the wicked, is a part of a larger bureaucracy. The truth is that heaven and hell aren't really opposed. Heaven rewards the just, hell punishes the wicked. That's kind of two sides of the same scheme. It's like two different offices in the same company. You know what I mean? So I don't think you would find the answers you're looking for with me. The truth is that 90% of the time, heaven and hell are kind of working towards the same end. Mostly what I do when I go around -

Gorgug: I think she's good, I think she's doin' well.

Gorthalax: You okay?

Kristen: I'm fine! Keep going!

Gorgug: She's good, she's good.

Kristen: I just, I think something in my brain popped, but I'm still listening, please keep going.

Gorthalax: I don't, all I'm saying is this.

Kristen: Can I have one of those cigarettes?

Fig: Yeah, there. I rolled them.

Brennan: Gorthalax lights one up with his thumb.

        Kristen: Thanks.

Gorthalax: Basically, what I do when I collect souls is I go around, there's wicked people in the world, and a lot of wicked people live in very comfortable countries and have very boring lives, so they go through their whole life and kinda backdoor their way into heaven. Does that make sense?

Kristen: Uh-huh.

Gorthalax: They were bad the whole time, but they were just comfortable, and they never had a shot to do something wicked. So what devils like me do is kinda just give people a shot to show their true colors, you know what I mean? Think like the harmless guy at the bar who's just got a big mouth and everyone's like, “oh, that guy's crank,” you know, he's harmless? Well, if he was prime minister, he'd be a fuckin' war criminal, right? He'd be a monster. So a lot of what I want to do is when we go and offer power and temptation, what we're doing is kind of stress testing the system, making sure the people, you know -

Kristen: Whoa.

Gorgug: Do you think there's, how many fallen angels do you think there are in our town?

Gorthalax: In the town?

Gorgug: Are there a lot?

Gorthalax: It's just me, I'm the only one here.

Kristen: Oh, wow, cool. So it's all your job then.

Gorthalax: Let's turn it to you guys. What is it you guys are after? It feels like you guys are on some kind of tip or you guys have some kind of mission goin' on.

Adaine: We're just tryin' to fill the day, you know.

Fabian: Yeah, The Ball, what have we been up to recently?

Riz: You know, we've, uh, we got dunked on by some Oakshield Middle Schoolers, so we went to the warehouse to rumble.

Brennan: Make a Deception check.

Murph: Oh, boy, boy, oh boy. 5. Is this guy my dad?

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Gorthalax: You have no reason to trust me. I get it. However, Johnny Spells' jacket, Johnny Spells' motorcycle, Zayn Darkshadow's rat. You guys are after some shit. I knew what Johnny Spells was up to. That kid was my vassal, I owned his soul. If you guys have questions, I could answer them.

Fig: Was he responsible for the corn cuties?

Gorthalax: Corn what?

        Gorgug: We were -

        Riz: There wasn’t - Did -

Fig: We were attacked. We were attacked by corn, it's my dad, I trust him.

Kristen: I just -

Fig: We were attacked by corn. Someone cursed a vat of corn, and that corn had assholes out of which more corn came. Pretty straightforward, you understand.

Gorthalax: We got into the, we took sort of a step in the middle of the process to a whole corn conversation that I'm not really party to.

Riz: What do you know about Johnny Spells besides that he dances? You told us that, we know for a fact that he hung out with girls, so why are you telling us that he didn't hang out with girls?

Gorthalax: I know he started hanging out with girls. Um, there was, okay.

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: I got sealed in that ruby. Johnny came around, I was stuck there, and I basically thought, fuck it, I'm trapped in a ruby, let's have some fun. And I was like, sure, kid, sell me your soul. He was so easy, he was desperate to sell his soul to somebody. Said gimme your soul -

Kristen: Loser.

Gorthalax: No, yeah, well, okay. No fuckin', and, um, he started doin' crimes. He got his little tiefling greaser gang together, and it was all kinda going well for him until some job went south. He was stickin' up a bank in Bastion City. He, uh - Somethin' went wrong with the job, I guess it was more intense than he thought it was gonna be, and he got into the Harvestmen. They owned him somehow.

        Kristen: Harvestmen?

Riz: What are the Harvestmen?

Brennan: Anyone that wishes to may make a Religion check.

Ally: I'll do that for sure. 20. Not a nat 20.

Brennan: Hell, yeah. Kristen, you know the Harvestmen. The Harvestmen are a scary fanatical sect of followers of Helio. The Harvestmen are basically, they're not demonic or infernal, they believe themselves to be true followers of Helio, but they traffic in infernal and demonic magic because they are trying to bring about the apocalypse. So they're this hyper-conservative, radical, militant sect -

Ally: Cool. Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: And they're trying to bring about the apocalypse because they fundamentally believe that heaven will win and that this world is wicked, and that when children are born into this world, it's just damning more souls to hell. So they want to bring about the end of the world.

Ally: Got it.

Kristen: Oh, the Harvestmen. I went to the Harvest Festival all growing up.

Gorthalax: God.

Kristen: It's awesome. It was just 20 hours of lectures, and -

Murph: Is this what you tell us? Out of all that info you just learned, we just hear Harvest Festival?

Zac: There's like no other part to it?

Brennan: You see he says -

Kristen: Yeah, the Harvestmen are awesome, guys.

Gorgug: What?

Kristen: No, seriously! The Harvestmen, you go there, you learn so much because you have to stay awake for 20 hours while they're talking to you. There's a pop quiz, and if you pass, you get to go to bed for two hours. But if you don't, you have to clean. But, uh -

Riz: That sounds really bad, Kristen.

Fabian: I’m sorry, these men owned Johnny Spells? Just a bunch of people who run essentially, like, a conference?

Adaine: Like a summer camp? Counselors?

Brennan: You see he goes,

Gorthalax: Kristen, you gotta know, the men that were teaching you, they were all wearing scarecrow masks over their face, right?

Kristen: Yeah. They're really eccentric, like, they really believe -

Gorthalax: They're a hardcore cult. They are a militant, violent organization of religious fanatics.

Kristen: What?

Riz: Do they ever try to trap people or sacrifice people?

Gorthalax: Well, they try to bring about the apocalypse basically, so the Harvestmen got Johnny Spells. Somehow he lost his contract, I don't know how the hell that happened because he was careful with that thing, and the Harvestmen are kind of dummies, so I don't know how they got their hands on it, but -

Fig: Zayn Darkshadow had it.

Gorthalax: Zayn was a stooge for the Harvestmen.

Adaine: What?

Gorthalax: Here's the thing, the Harvestmen are, Exactly. The Harvestmen are all around. They're like business leaders, they're in the community, they're -

Gorgug: They’re like a secret society?

Gorthalax: Yeah.

Fig: I think we've got one at Aguefort.

Kristen: Oh, you guys just need to know the handshake for the Harvestmen.

Gorthalax: You know the Harvestmen handshake? That's wild!

Kristen: Yeah!

Fig: Will you teach it to all of us?

Kristen: Uh, I'm not supposed to, but I'm also not supposed to eat this much sugar.

Brennan: You see Gorthalax says,

Gorthalax: The Harvestmen are really radical here in Solace especially. Solace used to be a human country. Well, actually, originally it was a halfling country, but then humans came in and conquered it, but then it became Solace, and the charter and the Council of the Chosen, it was human before that. The Harvestmen are radical human separatist religious fanatics who have a lot of roots in high court and stuff like that. Zayn Darkshadow was an intermediary for them because who the hell would trust Zayn? No parents, no family, hangs out at a graveyard. Completely dismissible and if it ever came down to someone believing a community leader or Zayn, who would believe Zayn? He was kind of a patsy for them to do a lot of their work when they couldn't show their faces. So I don't know how they had sway over Zayn. Somebody must have had some kind of point of access to him to flip him and turn him into that sort of go-between. But point being, Johnny got into the Harvestmen big time. Again, something with that bank, I don't know.

Gorgug: You guys remember the bank we saw on the way to the -

Riz: Just that cool bank?

Fig: I said we should go into that.

Gorgug: I was trying to check out the bank!

Fig: I said we should, too.

Riz: Well, half the time you're asking random people if they're your dad. You were right one time.

Kristen: I'm starting to think maybe I thought the Harvestmen were good, but they weren't.

Gorgug: That seems right, yeah.

Riz: Just your description of the Harvest Festival sounds like horror.

Kristen: My parents are kind of into it. I mean, they are really intense, but I just thought it was like, good natured, you know. I'm, yeah.

Gorthalax: I'm really sorry that you're, this is extremely painful for me to watch, what's happening.

Kristen: I just, uh, was raised in a pressure cooker for no reason, God just put me in it.

Fabian: What?

Gorthalax: We have gotta table that, and I'm so sorry.

Adaine: Maybe god didn't put you there, maybe it's just random.

Gorthalax: That's actually true, it is random.

        Fabian: Oh my god. Ugh. Stop.

Ally: I barf chocolate syrup all over Fabian's leg.

Murph: She shouldn’t have had that much -

Adaine: I didn’t do that, that was her. I didn't do that, I didn't cast the spell, it was -

Kristen: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

Gorthalax: In any case, the main thing was this.

Kristen: Yeah, sorry.

Gorthalax: The stuff that Johnny started comin' to me for, 'cause he said, "Can you help get me out of it?" And I was like, I don't know, dude, you fucked up and got into the Harvestmen, that's on you. He started running a couple things for them. This tea he started running for them, and that was to handle Aguefort I think, which I wasn't gonna say no to, 'cause, you know, fuck that guy.

Fig: So someone else wanted Aguefort dead, it wasn't even you.

Gorthalax: No, I had nothing to - I gave Johnny his powers. The only thing he - And then I know he was doing those palimpsests, but I never knew what those were for.

Kristen: Hmm.

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: And the last thing was this one thing he needed from me which was this page. Um -

Fabian: Hm?

Gorthalax: Did you -

Fabian: What?

Gorthalax: You had a reaction.

Kristen: You audibly gasped.

Riz: A page of what?

Fabian: A page of what, sorry?

Gorthalax: Look, the Harvestmen want the apocalypse, so what they were trying to do was to create a hellmouth, right? You know, start the apocalypse, get things going. I gave them a page that would be able to do that, right. Now, there's two ways to create a hellmouth. You can either do it with a portal, right, but then you need to find, sort of, a portal that has the religious iconography to get you to hell, and you still need a portal key to open it, so it's kind of a hassle. Or you can open a hellmouth inside of a person, and that's what Johnny Spells asked me for. So I gave him a page to create a hellmouth in a person. The odds of that starting the apocalypse are very low, 'cause you put a hellmouth in just the average person, yeah, some demonic shit's gonna happen, but, um, the person would have to have sort of a direct connection to Sol for that to actually create a hellmouth powerful enough to trigger Armageddon.

Adaine: And what happens if you personally killed that person that had a hellmouth opened inside of them?

Kristen: With a ladle.

Adaine: Shh! Hypothetically.

Gorthalax: Um, I mean you did it, and job well done. You shut the hellmouth. Did you kill someone with a ladle?

Gorgug: Yeah, she hit her in the head so hard that -

Gorthalax: You guys are hiding so much stuff from me.

Adaine: Hey - No, you just got here.

Kristen: And you're really giving us a lot of great advice.

Fabian: I just want - I'm sorry, you don't get to come at us about that, right? We don't have to tell you anything, sir.

Adaine: Yeah. At all.

Fig: Hey, everyone needs to stop speaking to my dad like this!

Kristen: I really appreciate your dad. I really appreciate you, sir.

Gorthalax: That's okay, I appreciate you guys -

Kristen: Do you think if you get a second after this you could give me a book list of things you think I might like?

Gorthalax: Sure, um, I feel like the Necronomicon's a great place to start.

Fabian: Do not take this man's recommendations.

Fig: This man is my dad.

Fabian: I know this man is your dad.

Gorthalax: The Book of the Fallen. Uh, the Gospel of Hate. Um, you can do the, uh, the Red Book of Fiends is pretty good.

Gorgug: Do you know, as far as the other way to make a hellmouth, it's a place that just has a portal is what you need?

Gorthalax: Yeah, portals are naturally occurring everywhere, but because they're only activated by a portal key, most people miss them. Portal to hell would be something that had to do with religious iconography or had some kind of connection to the lower planes.

Fabian: Can I ask, do you know if Elmville has a portal?

Gorthalax: Well, it has a bunch, but I don't know if they necessarily have them to hell. Portals are naturally occurring kind of all over.

Adaine: How does one find a portal?

Kristen: To hell.

Gorthalax: You can use Detect Magic to find one, you can - There's a couple sort of regular spells that are pretty useful you can use.

Adaine: Is there one right here?

Siobhan: I cast Detect Magic.

Brennan: Um, you look around. Uh, yes, there is a portal. There is a portal at the base of Basrar's little tornado that goes to the elemental plane of ice.

Adaine: This was here the whole time? It's just a portal, right? Is that where he's storing the ice cream? That's cool.

Gorthalax: He's a genie! Um, yeah. The, uh -

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: Why, did you guys interact with this page in any way?

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: It was in the big thing of corn that tried to kill us.

Kristen: I think it touched my bible.

Adaine: Oh, I held it. I picked it up and held it and read it.

Riz: We destroyed it.

Adaine: We did destroy it, though.

Gorthalax: Okay, well -

Adaine: Do I have a hellmouth inside of me?

Gorthalax: Um, that's a good question.

Brennan: You look deep into the third eye of this devil from hell, and see endless torment awaiting you for all your dark, black magic. And you see he goes -

Gorthalax: You’re good, I don't see anything in there that's - For the most part, you seem good. 'Cause, you know, you were touching it, but you know, these things only have a certain amount of power, you understand. If this thing was already possessing a number of beings, what did it end up possessing?

Riz: Oh, there was -

Fig: It was a lunch lady.

Riz: It was only a little piece of paper, there might have been more of it.

Adaine: Then the corn -

Kristen: There was the lunch lady, a vat of corn.

Riz: But this was like a big piece of paper.

Gorthalax: One page, not a huge piece of paper.

Fig: We found it then. We found it and we neutralized it.

Gorgug: Wait, this is off topic, but I have an important question that -

Riz: Don't ask if he's your dad.

Kristen: He's not your dad.

Gorgug: That's not what I was gonna ask! That's not what I was gonna ask.

Fabian: If you ask that? I'll smack you.

Gorgug: Now I feel like I have to ask that. No, I just feel like you're the only person I can really ask this, but when I died, I went into this weird dark place where a tree had a leaf fall and then it cut my hand. Um, what, is that just hell?

Gorthalax: A tree with a leaf cut your hand?

Gorgug: Yeah, it was like a dark forest or something.

Gorthalax: Oh, no, that sounds like a Forest of Blades. Those appear all over on Atron. You went to orc heaven.

Gorgug: That was heaven?

Gorthalax: Orcs are fucked up.

Fig: But I thought the guidance counselor went there. He wasn't an orc.

Gorgug: He was there. Maybe he was just taggin' me out?

Gorthalax: It's possible that your guidance counselor worshiped Gruumsh One Eye.

Gorgug: He became a monster, and he started like getting mad, and becoming demon-like.

Kristen: Maybe he was entering Rage.

Gorthalax: You know, a lot of those sort of quiet nice guys have a lot of fucked up shit that they never kinda let out.

Kristen: Ain't that the truth.

Riz: You were saying about this bank -

Gorthalax: Yeah.

Kristen: I grew up in religion.

Riz: What is up with the cool bank? That Gorgug really likes.

Fabian: It's not a cool bank. It's just a bank.

Riz: It was kind of a cool bank.

Adaine: There weren't any lollipops or pens that we could take.

Gorgug: It was a sleek kind of cool.

Kristen: I'm starting to feel guilty, 'cause we're not trusting him, but we're grilling him, and we're getting a ton of answers. Is there anything that you want?

Riz: I think we pretty much trust him at this point.

Fig: I'm personally pretty offended by how you're all treating him.

Kristen: I love your dad.

Fabian: Honestly, that's fine.  Your dad is a giant demon man, I'm sorry -

Gorthalax: I want to correct you because you're speaking from a place of ignorance. I'm a devil.

Fabian: All right, fantastic. Even worse, all right?

Adaine: Hang on a second, your dad's a pirate, and we're not rude about that.

Fabian: Well, no, he's not a pirate, he's a privateer.

Fabian: Please call him a privateer, thank you.

Riz: Uh, what's up with this bank?

Gorthalax: Uh, it was intense. He went in, they had like a policy where there were like no pens or anything that they gave away.

Riz: So you're well aware.

Kristen: Oh, yeah.

Gorthalax: But he went in to rob them, and he went up thinkin', you know, they're gonna press the button, there's gonna be the bullet proof kinda glass. He went up, got his spells ready, every single teller took out a crossbow and opened fire on him, and they fuckin' slogged it out. It was the most militarily competent bank that's sort of ever been. He got jacked up.

Kristen: Self-protected bank.

Riz: Do you know what's in that bank?

Gorthalax: I got nothin', I don't know. I don't really deal with money, I’ve kind of, I've just been in a gem for a long time. Were you what the page was for?

Fabian: I mean that's -

Gorgug: It seems like it.

Fabian: I mean, yes, didn't Zayn push you down that day?

Kristen: Yeah, someone bumped into me. That other bully guy. Who's that asshole?

Gorgug: Wait, Zayn did bump into you.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: Zayn pushed you down.

Adaine: He did.

Kristen: Darkshadow?

Gorgug: And then that other guy threw your bible into the soup, right?

Adaine: Yeah. The jock.

Kristen: Zayn pushed me down, which might have been when he added the page into my bible, and then someone else threw my bible into the corn. I think that's how this all started.

Adaine: Why was Zayn working with the, wait, no, why were the jocks working with Zayn?

Fabian: Well, I don't think that, because I mean it seems like you said that the page needs -

Kristen: Maybe he was trying to make me the portal!

Fabian: Yes.

Adaine: Oh.

Fabian: I think Zayn tried to make you the portal.

Kristen: That would have been awesome.

Gorthalax: That would have been bad.

Kristen: I know, I'm just in a bad mood for god right now.

Gorthalax: That, I get it, but that would be what in the church is called perditional contradoxy.

Kristen: Yeah.

Gorgug: Right.

Gorthalax: Do you know what that is, or did you just say right?

Gorgug: I just wanted to, no.

Riz: You don't have to talk, Gorgug.

Zac: Lemme try again. 

Emily: You might know what that is!

Zac: I have 14.

Brennan: Uh, you don't know what it is. Anyone here can make a History or a Religion--

Siobhan: Oh, I have good History. Oh, a nat 1!

Brennan: Hoo hoo!

Murph: I only got a 12.

Lou: Mm, a 4.

Zac: I got the highest is what I'm hearing.

Ally: 8.

Emily: I'll do it, try and impress Dad. Hoo, I got a 20!

Brennan: 20? Cool. Yeah, you've heard the term -

Fig: Ah, perditional orso-doxy.

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: Perditional contradoxy is a religious article of faith that basically says someone who's been promised for heaven, someone who has been chosen for the light is condemned to hell. When that happens it proves Sol a liar, and it creates a cataclysm within the faith.

Kristen: Totally.

Gorthalax: A perditional controdoxy is a huge deal. That's an apocalypse-creating thing.

Kristen: Ohhh.

Fig: So that page that you made was supposed to doom someone to hell.

Kristen: Me! 'Cause I'm -

Fabian: Chosen.

Kristen: - Preordained. We believe in predestination at my church.

Adaine: Oh my god.

Riz: Why did you create that paper?

Adaine: Wait, Lunch Lady Doreen is in hell?

Fig: Yeah. Do you know, Dad, that a really nice person went to hell because of you?

Adaine: No, because of me!

Kristen: No, you just killed her and put her out of her misery of being in hell on earth and just in hell in hell.

Gorthalax: I have a question.

Adaine: Earth isn't hell.

Gorthalax: Did the person, is the page still intact?

Adaine: No.

Gorgug: We ripped it up.

Gorthalax: Then I doubt she's in hell.

Fig: Ah, okay.

Adaine: Okay.

Fig: Cool. Ah, I hope she's servin' soup in heaven.

Adaine: Or maybe she's enjoying her hobby or something. Maybe she doesn't -

Fig: No, I got the vibe she really loved her job.

Gorthalax: Yeah, sweetie, people aren’t just -

Kristen: She’s probably cleaning tables in heaven.

Fig: Yeah. Just wearin' that golden hairnet in the sky.

Gorthalax: You guys seem like you got a lot goin' on. Um -

Fig: No. I have all the time in the world.

Gorthalax: I'm gonna leave you guys to it.

Fig: Breakfast tomorrow?

Gorthalax: Yeah. Yeah. You know, why don't we get breakfast tomorrow before school? You know, do me a favor, tell your mom, tell Gil, um -

Fig: Gilear?

Gorthalax: Gilear, yeah.

Fig: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Gorthalax: I am so happy.

Fig: Me, too. I'm definitely gonna invite Gilear because we go to school together because he's the -

Kristen: He's the lunch lad?

Riz: He's the lunch lad.

Fig: He's the lunch lad.

Gorthalax: Oh, that's great. It's good to be working, I mean, a job's a job. There's nothin', if you're working, you deserve respect. You deserve dignity if you're -

Fig: I know, I got him that job.

Kristen: Workin' on somethin' other that yogurt.

Fig: It's true, he's -

Gorthalax: I don't catch that reference, but I do wanna wish you guys, have a good night. I'm gonna take off 'cause I gotta kinda check in, I haven't checked in in hell for, you know, years, so I imagine that my infernal realm is kinda probably chopped up at this point.

Fig: Wait, you're going to hell? I'll come.

Gorthalax: You know, why don't you hang tight, and I just wanna make sure that stuff is good down there, and then I'll hop back up, I'll see you for breakfast tomorrow.

Fig: Okay.

Gorthalax: All right, sweetie.

Fig: Real quick, um, we're just gonna go out of earshot of you guys for one second. It's just, you know -

Kristen: Weird.

Fabian: I mean, it's fine.

Fig: Okay. Did you know that I existed?

Gorthalax: Yeah, I did.

Fig: Then why didn't you ever have Johnny Spells like come get me or something? You had a person on the outside that you were controlling.

Gorthalax: Before your horns came in, I thought you'd have a better life if you never knew about me.

Fig: And then once they came in, why not then?

Gorthalax: Well -

Fig: You musta caught whiff that my parents got divorced.

Gorthalax: Sweetie, let's talk about this another time.

Fig: Okay.

Gorthalax: All right.

Brennan: Fire.

Adaine: Okay, about this rat.

Riz: Yes.

Fabian: Oh, we shoulda asked about the rat.

Murph: Uh, what is the rat doing? Does he like hate us?

Siobhan: Rats are pretty smart, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Can I use a ritual to cast Comprehend Languages and try and talk to the rat?

Brennan: Uh, I believe Speak with Animals is a separate, different spell.

Siobhan: Which I do not have, I didn't think that that is a wizard spell.

Zac: Do we know anyone who -?

Emily: Can I cast Detect Thoughts on him?

Brennan: Sure. You're gonna cast Detect Thoughts on the rat?

Emily: Yeah, we'll probably go to bed after this, right?

Murph: Just rat sounds.

Lou: Yeah, we'll probably go to bed.

Fabian: Yeah, we'll probably go to bed after this.

Kristen: And probably do more stuff with your dad.

Brennan: Uh, you see that the rat is, in Riz's hand, the rat is thinking,

Edgar: Oh boy, I better find some cheese soon!

Ally: Was it worth it?

Emily: I make a Minor Illusion of cheese and hold it in front of him.

Edgar: Wow! Look at that! A whole buncha cheese! Ah, this cheese ain't too good! It just tastes like nothin'! Also, it doesn't feel like it has any weight or substance to it.

Kristen: What's it saying?

Fabian: Yeah, Fig, what's happening?

Fig: I don't think anyone's trapped in there.

Fabian: Okay, great.

Fig: Unless it's a cheesemonger. There could be a cheesemonger trapped in there.

Zac: Can you do Detect Magic on the rat?

Siobhan: Oh yeah, can I cast Detect Magic on the rat?

Brennan: Sure, it's definitely Zayn's familiar.

Siobhan: But there's nothing -

Emily: That's why I did Detect Thoughts, 'cause if someone was trapped in there, I'd be able to hear their thoughts.

Siobhan: Right. But there's nothing else?

Fabian: I mean, it feels like we've discovered, the Harvestmen generally seem to be--

Riz: The problem.

Fabian: Yes.

Riz: Something with the bank, too. We could check out that bank. Edgar.

Riz: Can you nod if you saw Zayn get murdered?

Brennan: Uh, you see that - You're still reading the rat's thoughts and it says,

Edgar: Oh, boy, I sure did. That was the worst time ever.

Fig: Keep asking.

Riz: Who killed Zayn?

Edgar: Um, it was a tall man, and he had a scarecrow mask on his face!

Kristen: Ohh.

Fig: Any more questions? This thing’s talkin’ in my -

Riz: Was there anyone else there besides the scarecrow mask guy?

Gorgug: Um, wait, maybe ask about who wants to get him. What are the owls?

Riz: Yeah, why are owls after you?

Fig: Ask if Zayn has ever been to the bank.

Edgar: Owls are after me?

Brennan: Takes off into the ice cream shop.

Kristen: No!

Fig: I was gonna give him real cheese.

Murph: I wanna find him! I wanna investigate and find him. Come here, you little rat. 19.

Siobhan: I got a 22.

Zac: 10.

Brennan: You guys find the rat hiding under a bar stool. You see Basrar comes over.

Basrar: My friends, you have let a vermin loose -

Adaine: Oh no, it's not a vermin, it's a pet.

Fabian: It's a familiar, Basrar.

Basrar: Okay.

Brennan: Edgar pops up into your hand.

Riz: Thank you, Edgar. They're not after, they're magic. They're not here. We keep them away. We got them to leave last time, so you stick with us and you'll be safe. Do you know of any magic owls?

Brennan: You see he says,

Edgar: Hm, I don't know, but I do know the last thing Zayn did was he went and got my cage and let me out, so that I didn't get chopped up!

Gorgug: Aww.

Fig: Was it out of love for you or was it because you have some value?

Edgar: Who can truly know what lives in the heart of another?

Kristen: Wow.

Fabian: It seems that this rat is just a rat, so -

Adaine: Edgar, where was it that you went to last with Zayn before he died? Did you go somewhere with him before he died?

Edgar: I was in his pocket, and he went to a loud place where he danced a bunch, and then he turned in-bisible, and we ran out.

Kristen: In-bisible.

Adaine: In-bisible.

Kristen: So cute.

Fabian: You, uh, thing. The time, whenever, uh, God, I can't believe I'm talking to a fucking rat. Whenever you and Zayn would meet, did you and Zayn go to a place to meet with these scarecrow men?

Edgar: Um, yeah the scarecrow man, well, there was somebody he would talk to at the big school with all the other kids around. And -

Riz: Who, was it the coach?

Fig: Do you know Porter the barbarian?

Brennan: You see he says,

Edgar: Um, the coach. Somebody with a hat and he always had sweatpants on, and a whistle.

Riz: That would be a coach.

Fabian: Yep.

Edgar: What?

Fabian: Yes, little rat man.

Edgar: What?

Emily: Um, I ask Basrar,

Fig: Basrar, do you have any cheese here? Or a cheesecake ice cream, or -

Basrar: A cheesecake ice cream I can do. I can't make regular cheese.

Riz: And that's okay. You're still a really good genie.

Kristen: Yeah, we really appreciate you.

Basrar: If you say so.

Adaine: This is the best ice cream store I've ever been to.

Kristen: We consider you a friend.

Fabian: Oh, no, no, no, no.

Basrar: I need to go in the back room!

Kristen: You guys, I have a crazy idea.

Adaine: Why is he so sad?

Riz: 'Cause he's a genie, and he can only -

Kristen: He's living on a thread!

Riz: He can only grant ice cream wishes.

Adaine: But we love ice cream!

Fig: You guys, I think I might try to join the Harvestmen.

Fabian: I mean, could you do that much lying?

Fig: I could join the Harvestmen.

Kristen: No, I already have an in. They’ve already seen me, I've been to their festivals. Like, granted, it's the gateway festivals where they try to recruit people young, I can tell.

Fabian: But I'm assuming you're not going to actually join the Harvestmen, right? You're just going to get the information we need -

Kristen: Well, I'll need to, like, join them.

Gorgug: I think we're getting ahead of ourselves a little bit. I think we should just go home, go to sleep, come back to school, and maybe check out - You can talk to Coach? I don't know about joining the Harvest -

Kristen: That's what I'm saying, is I express interest to join the Harvestmen to Coach Daybreak tomorrow and see where it goes from there.

Gorgug: Okay.

Brennan: Your guys' crystals all light up with a note from Biz Glitterdew.

Murph: Oh, damn.

Brennan: Uh, it says,

Biz: So sorry guys, don't think I can be the hacker anymore.

Brennan: Then there is a picture of Biz in a hospital bed completely in traction, covered in bandages and blood.

Fig: We gotta get to the hospital.

Adaine: Oh my god. Ask him if he still has the palimpsest.

Emily: No, I think we just, I'm walkin' out the door, I'm goin' to the hospital. We got someone into the hospital?

Murph: We don't want them to see us at the hospital visiting him.

Emily: We can go stealth around the hospital.

Murph: We should sneak into -

Emily: I'm not gonna get a text like that.

Siobhan: You can cast Disguise.

Emily: Yeah. I'll Disguise myself as a pre-med student.

Adaine: Great, so you guys will go?

Ally: What?

Lou: What do you think a pre-med student looks like?

Adaine: Why don't you guys go and then I don't have to go to see Biz at the hospital? I don't think I need to go.

Riz: Do you guys - Does anybody, should some of us go to the hospital and see what's up?

Fabian: Yeah, I mean, it shouldn't be all of us.

Riz: Why don't we all go so that we have everybody within -

Gorgug: Not everyone has to go inside.

Riz: Right, let's go to the hospital. I can sneak with you, and you can be dressed as a med student or something.

Fig: Yeah.

Emily: I'll just do like regular, I'll use my regular disguise kit and just put on some doctor's scrubs.

Kristen: There are always like religious books in the hospital book store 'cause that's where everyone decides to come to God, so I'm gonna see if there's a Harvestmen book and just start reading so I can sound really in the know.

Brennan: Uh, cool. You guys head to the hospital, go ahead and give me your Disguise check.

Emily: Okay. Would it be Deception?

Brennan: Um, actually, I would say Performance.

Emily: God dammit. 16.

Brennan: Cool! You throw on a disguise as, what, a pre-med student?

Emily: I think I'm gonna be like a resident. I'm like, doing the rounds. So I look, like, really tired 'cause I've been working too long.

Brennan: Uh, rad. You do this whole full disguise kit -

Fig: Oh, boy, I've been up too long. It's medically dangerous.

Brennan: I believe also with the Actor feat you get advantage on those checks?

Emily: Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's true. Let's see, maybe it's even better. Nope, we're going with the first one.

Brennan: You're just making the rounds, you're in the bookshop of the hospital. You see there's a clerk there.

Clerk: Hi, can I help you find something?

Kristen: Hi, yeah, um, you know what? I am looking for something about god. What do you got?

Clerk: We have a lot of, um, sort of narcotics and alcohol pamphlets.

Kristen: Naw, you know, I'm thinking more like, um, you know, the Harvestmen. Have you heard of that sect?

Murph: Oh, Jesus.

Clerk: Yeah, in the news. That's a radical cult. We don't really carry a ton of their literature here in the hospital.

Kristen: Oh, that's so interesting. Ah, that's so interesting 'cause I grew up with those books in my house. Um - Okay, then I'll just take, uh -

Emily: She's gonna call the security guard on you.

Kristen: What does this book cost?

Clerk: That's my phone directory for the hospital, so I'm just gonna hang onto that. Do you wanna get some water and just sit down?

Kristen: Yes.

Clerk: Okay, I'm gonna go get you some water.

Kristen: Thank you, I'm going through a lot. My mom is dead.

Clerk: Okay, I'm so sorry. Do you need me to call someone?

Kristen: No. 'Cause it would be her.

Clerk: I'm gonna go get you some water.

Kristen: You guys, I'm blowing it! Is there anyone who can help me?

Adaine: You lie a lot. You were lying so much!

Kristen: I froze! You guys, I was raised in a radical world that I thought was normal!

Adaine: Hey, I think that that is true of every single one of us.

Kristen: Okay, all right, yeah, fair.

Brennan: Uh, you make the residency, um, let's see. I'm gonna roll to see if something good or bad happens.

Murph: Can I sneak or can she, can you like -

Siobhan: Oh, the face. The face happened.

Brennan: Sure. What's up?

Murph: I want to sneak around like by her so if anything I can goes wrong I can be like -

Emily: How 'bout I put you in, can I put him in a wheelchair and be like, “oh, comin' through, comin' through”!

Murph: I think my Deception would be worse than just hiding.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me that Stealth check.

Murph: 23.

Brennan: Um, you are invisible in the shadows of this hospital. You're walkin' around doing this resident thing, you get really into it.

Fig: Anyone got some coffee? I am tired. And overworked.

Murph: I'm just like -

Zac: All being tired, no doctor specific stuff.

Brennan: You see that an older -

Fig: I need three CC's of coffee!

Brennan: You see that an older half-orc woman rushes up to you in a lab coat, grabs your arm and says,

Half-Orc: Dr. Keller, We have an emergency! We need to go to the operating room right now!

Fig: Cool, I'm warning you, I'm really tired. I'm a resident, overworked.

Half-Orc: A man is gonna die! He has mummy rot! It's critical, right now!

Fig: Okay, I'm in!

Brennan: You are rushed into a room, you see that there is a man strapped to a table just completely like racked open, going, and his stomach is a roiling mass of sand that's just pulsing blood up out of his torso, and the sand seems to be saying,

Sand demon: Awakened from ancient slumber, I rise to consume the world of the living!

Doctor: Dr. Keller, thank god you're here! Please!

Brennan: And you see that a scalpel goes into your hand.

Fig: Um, my hands aren't even clean yet!

Emily: And I go over and I wash my hands. While I'm there, I look at my spell -

Doctor: God dammit, doctor, we don't have the time!

Fig: Okay!

Emily: Um, I cast - I cast, uh, Sleep on the demon that's coming out of his stomach.

Brennan: Uh, okay. Um, you cast Sleep. You see that the sand face swallows the spell energy up, going,

Sand demon: Yes! The energy of the ancient pyramids! I rise once more.

Brennan: Hoo! And a sand arm shoots out of the stomach. See that the guy says,

Guy: I'm telling you, I don't have insurance!

Brennan: You see that the doctor says,

Doctor: Dr. Keller, we need to operate now or we're gonna lose him!

Fig: Okay, I'll operate!

Brennan: I need you to make a Medicine check for me.

Zac: Oh, no!

Siobhan: Oh my god.

Emily: 12!

Brennan: Uh, you see that you jab your scalpel into the sand. I'm gonna need you to make an opposed Athletics check.

Emily: Oh my god, these are all my worst. Oh, 13!

Brennan: You see that the sand mouth closes on your arm and begins to swallow you into the abdomen of this person.

Murph: I want to shoot the sand monster.

Brennan: Uh, go for it.

Emily: Stay stealthy so it looks like I did it! So I can maybe become a doctor.

Murph: All right. Uh, 23 to hit.

Brennan: That's a hit, roll damage.

Ally: Whoa.

Murph: 5, 9, 16, 20.

Brennan: 20 points of damage? Go ahead and make a Medicine check for me if you'd be so kind.

Emily: Remember, stay stealthy. I want to become a doctor.

Siobhan: This is so nuts.

Murph: Nat 20!

Zac: What is happening?

Brennan: Riz leans in, pulls out his arquebus, lowers it, boom! Uh, a perfect jeweled scarab flies from the sand, scatters across, ping, ping, ping, ping! Ricochets, hits a runed bedpan, glows with bright yellow light, and turns into a smoking lump of coal. The sand turns back into flesh as you rip your arm out of the person's stomach. All the doctors are there.

Murph: I hide.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: So much. 28.

Doctor: My God. Dr. Keller, you've done it again.

Fig: Maybe you guys should go back to school.

Brennan: All of them look so ashamed.

Fig: Where's the secret liquor stash?

Riz: Ask where Biz is.

Guy: Dr. Keller, you saved my life. I'm so sorry I opened up that mummy tomb.

Fig: Yeah, don't do it again.

Guy: Aw, my Frisbee got in there.

Fig: I know but I can't keep seeing you in here 'cause your Frisbee got somewhere!

Guy: Ah, Keller, you're not lyin', I love Frisbee.

Fig: I know.

Brennan: You see that the doctors all look around and say,

Doctor: Um, we'll bring you to the liquor cabinet.

Fig: Well, actually, first - On our way -

Riz: Stay on the mission!

Fig: Well, actually, I'd like to stop on the liquor cabinet. On our way, I heard a young kid got brought in here and, well, I know I'm on my 36th hour, but I'd like to take a look at him.

Doctor: God dammit, doctor, you do too much! You're gonna kill yourself!

Fig: I love this job.

Brennan: Someone wipes a tear, and rushes dramatically. You see a dwarven doctor goes,

Dwarf: You're tearin' this hospital apart!

Fig: Well, you know what? Maybe it needs to be torn apart so we can build it back up right!

Dwarf: I never shoulda kissed you.

Emily: I kiss him.

Brennan: Fig goes in, this dwarf gives you the most tense, beautiful, passionate kiss in response.

Dr. McDreamy: You're a maniac, and this hospital would be nothing without you.

Fig: Or was that the most sane thing I've done all night?

Dr. McDreamy: You know, I spent all this time saving other people's lives, seems that we can never really save our own.

Fig: Oh, I know.

Dr. McDreamy: Yeah.

Murph: Riz is just watching just like -

Dr. McDreamy: Anyway, the kid's in 113.

Fig: Okay, thanks. Also, where's the liquor cabinet?

Dr. McDreamy: Uh, it's under the back bunk in the overnight lounge.

Fig: Okay. Bye.

Emily: I slap him on the ass.

Brennan: Doctor walks out -

Murph: Good job?

Emily: I think I have a new job.

Siobhan: Riz, do you have a boner?

Murph: Sort of a Ratatouille situation.

Brennan: You get the hell out of there, and you go over to room 113, and you see that Biz is there in traction. His mom Bubble is fully passed out, just asleep in a chair next to Biz.

Murph: Do we see, can kind of case the room and see if anybody else is in there?

Brennan: Give me like, an Investigation or Perception check.

Murph: Cool. Nat 1.

Emily: Okay, let me see, what's better? They're both bad. I got a 2! Which actually becomes a 4.

Brennan: You guys have no idea what's in this room. Fully. The two pixies that are in here have kind of covered it with like pixie memorabilia, and “get well” balloons and cards and stuff. So it's just sort of a phantasmagoria of colors and lights and things like that.

Emily: Is there like a little clipboard describing what's going on? Like a medical clipboard.

Brennan: Yes, there is.

Emily: Can I look at that?

Brennan: Um, the medical clipboard, you see that as you look, Biz looks up and says,

Biz: Hey. How's it goin', doc?

Fig: Oh, uh, hey, Biz, it's actually me. Fig.

Biz: Fig?

Fig: Yeah.

Biz: Oh my god! That disguise is wild.

Fig: I know, I know. Who's the really hot dwarf doctor?

Riz: What are you doing?

Fig: Sorry, sorry!

Riz: Who attacked you?

Biz: I don't know, I was in the basement. It was before school today, and I was getting ready to go to school, and this guy with sweatpants and a scarecrow mask over his head jumped in and just almost fucking killed me with a fucking like, it was like dachidad or a halberd, some kind of big slashing weapon.

Riz: Did he take the, uh, what do we call it, the palimpsest?

Biz: Yeah, he got the palimpsest.

Fig: Did he, I don't even know. Well, first off, I'm really sorry. I feel really bad that we got you wrapped up -

Biz: I'm so sorry, guys, I fuckin' blew it.

Riz: No, thanks for helpin' us. We appreciate it, and we're sorry you got hurt. You're the still the hacker even if you can't hack right now.

Fig: If you want to be.

Riz: You know why you're the hacker, man? 'Cause you can hack it. Just by -

Fig: Whoa.

Biz: You're honestly my best friend.

Riz: You're definitely one of my friends, man.

Brennan: Um, you see he looks up and says,

Biz: I was making great progress, too. Like, I feel I actually can probably shorten the amount of time if I had a bigger power system or a bigger rig set up. I mean, I can't do it at my house anymore, obviously, because it's compromised, but I was doing good work.

Riz: Did you ever get to talk to Sam or -

Biz: I never, it was never safe enough. It was always a risk of either injuring Sam or further complicating the device.

Fig: If we were able to retrieve it and we set up some place that you could go work on it that wasn't your home, would you continue to work on it?

Biz: Yeah, if there was a safe location for me to work on it, of course I would.

Riz: All right, we'll look for that. Did you talk to anybody else about this?

Biz: This project?

Riz: Yeah. Did anybody else come by from the school or anything, or did this scarecrow guy just show up one day?

Biz: No, I mean, there's -

Riz: You didn't brag about it to any of the AV club kids?

Fig: Did you say anything to the coach, or the barbarian teacher Porter?

Biz: No, I didn't say anything, I mean I mentioned a couple, like, hints. Well, it's just like, Shellford's always like, “oh, like, I'm working on this project that's so,” and I'm like -

Riz: You told Shellford?

Biz: No, I just was like, dude, you don't know anything about palimpsests, okay. Trust me, as a guy who's working on cracking one, you don't know shit. That could be any palimpsest.

Riz: Right.

Fig: I'm sorry, Riz. I cannot believe that we have a mole in the AV club.

Biz: Shellford honestly wouldn't tell fucking anyone. Shellford is, look, he's a dick, but that dude is not a fucking narc, okay?

Riz: Did you only tell people in the AV club or did you tell a lot of -

Biz: I only told people in the AV club.

Riz: Okay, what about the bird kid?

Biz: Skrank?

Riz: Skrank.

Biz: Dude, nobody would fucking listen to Skrank.

Riz: That's true, you're absolutely right. Shellford's the one I'm worried about.

Fig: Let’s go rough them up.

Siobhan: Uh, are we outside the room? Where are we right now?

Lou: I'd like to believe I'm down by my motorcycle with Gorgug just flipping a coin being like,

Fabian: All right, that's heads for the 64th time. Heads or tails?

Gorgug: Heads.

Emily: On the way out, I'd like to hit up the liquor cabinet.

Brennan: You find a bunch of liquor back there.

Emily: What'd I get?

Brennan: Uh, you get, there's a flask of dwarven vodka -

Zac: Dwarven vodka.

Fig: Mm, smells like his breath.

Brennan: There's, uh, like a sort of gnomish whiskey, um, there's a fine elven wine.

Zac: Oh, fuck.

Brennan: You also see that there's a bunch of lube and condoms.

Emily: I take that, too.

Murph: Are you taking everything?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: By the way, the like, doctor sleeping area in this hospital just smells raw, just fucking - The doctors are doing one thing here. You don't have any context for what the smell is, but, oh, man.

Murph: Cool, let's go find our friends.

Emily: On my way out I also want to ask,

Fig: What was the name of that dwarven doctor?

Brennan: Who are you asking?

Emily: I'm asking like the receptionist.

Fig: You know, like the hot one.

Receptionist: Oh. You're talking about Dr. Asha.

Fig: Yeah.

Receptionist: I know. You're not wrong.

Fig: Cool. Thanks.

Receptionist: Later.

Fig: Bye.

Receptionist: Bye.

Fig: I just had my first kiss.

Gorgug: Heads or tails?

Fabian: Uh, tails.

Gorgug: Heads. It keeps being heads.

Fabian: That's weird, flipped the coin, 65 times in a row it’s been heads. What have you guys been doing?

Siobhan: I'm just doing Mage Hand on the coin every single time it goes.

Brennan: Um, yeah, you guys go down to the parking lot. What do you decide to do?

Riz: Okay, so Biz was attacked by the Harvestmen.

Fabian: What?

Adaine: Oh my god.

Gorgug: We knew he was attacked.

Riz: He was wearing sweatpants -

Fabian: I didn't know, maybe it was just an accident.

Riz: Quite possibly -

Riz and Kristen: Coach Daybreak.

Riz: He was bragging to the AV club about it.

Fig: But we think - We think there's a mole.

Adaine: Anybody can wear sweatpants.

Fig: We think there's a mole in the AV club.

Riz: We think it’s Shellford.

Fig: so tomorrow, whoever wants to go with me, I'm gonna rough up those AV club kids.

Riz: We can't just -

Fabian: We can't be beating up AV - Don't beat up those children.

Adaine: We can use magic.

Fig: No, I'm gonna rough 'em up.

Riz: We’re not going to rough ‘em up!

Adaine: You're right, let's rough 'em up. I would like to rough them up.

Gorgug: I just feel like sometimes secrets get out 'cause people are just kind of casually talking about something, and not doing it on purpose.

Riz: Why don't we try to talk to Shellford? Maybe he's, maybe someone -

Fig: We’ll try your way first.

Kristen: They could have had some kind of a tracking on the palimpsest, too.

Fabian: I mean, but that’s all they knew, alright. We know who we need to deal with, all right, and it's the coach.

Gorgug: I think we gotta go home. I'm tired.

Fabian: Yeah, I do also want to go to bed.

Adaine: Yeah, let's go to bed.

Riz: Let's meet up before school tomorrow.

Fabian: Fantastic.

Fig: I have breakfast with my dad.

Riz: And maybe we'll decide to either go after Shellford or Daybreak.

Fig: Do you guys ever feel like you got exactly what you wanted but then it didn't end up being the answer?

Kristen: Yes.

Adaine: No, I never get what I want.

Fabian: I mean, I often get what I want, and I'm often very satisfied, if not more, like, my expectations are surpassed time and time again.

Kristen: Did you guys, I was looking for books in that bookstore, and they didn't have any of the titles that I grew up with. Did you guys grow up with My Forsaken Classmates are Scum? You know, that like, animated book?

Riz: Kristen, I think your parents are in the cult, and are maybe directly involved in everything that's happening.

Fabian: Yes.

Kristen: I don't think so.

Adaine: Just saying maybe.

Riz: You know, be careful, maybe.

Kristen: What about The Seven Eyes of my Lord and How I've Wronged Them?

Fabian: You know what? I'm just gonna ride away. Everyone have a good night. If you guys wanna stay -

Riz: You were my ride!

Brennan: Uh, you guys all go home that night.

Siobhan: I've gotten so good at taking the bus at this point. I'm like, very proud of myself.

Brennan: Uh, cool! Um, you guys arrive at school the next day.

Emily: I have breakfast with Gilear, and I arrive with Gilear. Did Gilear meet my dad? Did we have breakfast with my dad?

Brennan: Oh, that's right, breakfast.

Emily: We don't have to go through it, but I just want to know.

Brennan: Yeah, the next morning, there’s a little sort of cafe downtown, very like small little tables and kind of outdoor chairs. Gorthalax is sort of perched uncomfortably on one, Gilear is there as well. You see that - You sort of like have some eggs, short conversation, Gorthalax sort of goes,

Gorthalax: So, uh, I hear you're working at Aguefort now, that's wild. That's great.

Gilear: Yes, I'm the lunch lad of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. I went to apply for the guidance counselor position, but I was usurped by a drug-dealing werewolf named Jawbone.

Fig: Jawbone's great.

Gilear: My understanding is he actually has gotten a bunch of kids recommendations for college, and some kids are now talking about trying sort of therapy and meds for the first time, and a bunch of people really positively, I mean, he's incredible. What do you want me to say? Jawbone's incredible.

Fig: He's doing a really good job. Everyone's really impressed. It's weird because the staff likes him but also the students like him.

Gilear: Anyway I have to get the tater tots warmed up for later. Gorthalax, it was very nice to meet you. You made a cuckold of me.

Fig: That's why I thought you guys might want to meet.

Brennan: Gorthalax says,

Gorthalax: I just want to be clear, first of all, I don't think this is appropriate to talk about with Fig. The who cuckolded who, and how, and how many times, and why doesn't really enter into it. The number one thing that every fella at this table has in common is we love Fig, right? That's the main thing.

Fig: I mean, this really is a dream. I have two dads now.

Gorthalax: Yeah, that's right. You do have two dads.

Gilear: It's not that I want to leave, it's that my car broke down and I need to use public transportation. So forgive me, but I must fade into the bus stop.

Brennan: And you see he gets up, just kind of lightly sort of strolls down the street. Gorthalax says -

Emily: I go join him.

Gorthalax: All right, kiddo, you have a great day at school. Knock 'em dead, huh?

Fig: I will!

Gorthalax: All right.

Fig: I'm gonna beat up some AV club geeks!

Gorthalax: Nice, fuckin' give those nerds a fuckin', what is the word, swirly?

Fig: Yeah!

Gorthalax: Yeah, fuckin' -

Fig: But in flames instead of water.

Gorthalax: That's my girl!

Brennan: You guys go to school. In your lockers, or waiting in your lockers at school the next day, you guys each find a little item. There is a, uh, I'll just go around. You find a ruby guitar pick in your locker that says, "Gorthalax's girl." And it's a bright red little ruby guitar pick. You find a leather ax holster with an emblem of a tin flower on it. A little tin flower on the holster.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: Adaine, you find a very expensive 45 gold piece gift card to a high-end clothier boutique. Um, a clothing boutique.

Siobhan: I do an Arcana check on it. 23.

Brennan: This doesn't appear to be magical. It appears to just be a gift card to a high end clothing store for fashionable young women.

Brennan: Fabian, you find a little tin of car wax for the Hangman. Kristen, you find a thick tome, it's called On the Subject of World Religions. Giant, massive tome, like, encyclopedic tome on different religions. Riz, you find a beautiful leather-bound briefcase with the initials T.B. on the front, and inside are a bunch of beautiful gilded business cards that say “Riz ‘The Ball’ Gukgak,” a very, very small “un,” and then “licensed investigator,” and your information on them, with beautiful hand-done calligraphy.

Murph: Riz excitedly vomits a little bit.

Brennan: You guys find all this cool shit.

Fig: I think my dad gave me a present in my locker.
        
Gorgug: I think your dad gave me this, too.

Adaine: Why is your dad giving me clothes money?

Kristen: You asked for clothes the other day.

Adaine: Did you give me this?

Kristen: These are all of our deepest desires. These like tap in to what we're all after.

Gorgug: I've always felt like my ax kind of cuts my butt sometimes. So to just have a -

Kristen: But now it'll look really good while cutting your butt.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Adaine: This feels weird, right? Just to be given your heart's desire?

Kristen: Yeah, I'm wary.

Gorgug: Or it's fine, and we just got stuff.

Riz: Gorthalax has so far done nothing wrong.

Adaine: Yeah, but he is a demon, I’m sorry.

Riz: But it's too perfect, right?

Fig: I'm a demon, too.

Adaine: No, you're a tiefling.

Fig: I'm a demon. What makes me a tiefling is not that I'm an elf, it's that I'm part demon. I've got demon in my veins.

Adaine: Well, no, but, he like, makes people sell their souls to him and then -

Fig: No, he seduces people to show their true colors.

Gorgug: Do we wanna go to the AV club? Maybe we can't figure it out right now.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: Let's go to the AV club.

Fig: I'll definitely just start using it willy nilly, though.

Adaine: I mean, who even got into my locker is what I'm saying. Like, this is locked and warded.

Kristen: I'm really suspicious of it. I'm probably gonna skip the AV club and just go read in the library, uh, this new tome. And I'm gonna see if they have any of the books that I recognize as a kid. I'm just really looking for one other place to have that.

Riz: You should be very careful, Kristen, because you keep walking into places and asking for cult literature, and the cult seems to be targeting people, and beating the shit out of them, and putting them in traction. So maybe just don't talk to people about -

Fig: Do you think these presents are from the cult? Do you think that we've alerted them to our presence and these presents are from the cult?

Fabian: Definitely not.

Kristen: Wait, they could have been watching these cameras, 'cause we've talked about all of this stuff while at school.

Fabian: Oh, there's no way the cult got us these gifts, all right? There's just no way.

Riz: Let's go to the AV club.

Fabian: Let's go to the AV club, yes.

Brennan: You guys over to the AV club, you see that Skrank and Shellford are there.

Gorgug: Sup, dudes?

Fig: Hey, guys.

Shellford: Uhhh, yeah.

Riz: Skrank, there was some girl that was asking for you out in the parking lot.

Skrank: Huh? What?

Riz: Some girl said -

Skrank: What was her name?

RizI don't know who she was but she wanted to talk.

Fig: She was super hot and she was on a bike in a bikini.

Fabian: And she was also part bird.

Fig: Huge bird tits.

Brennan: You see that Skrank takes out his crystal and starts thumbing through his texts looking for something. Anyone who wants, make a Perception check.

Murph: Not good.

Emily: 10.

Siobhan: 11.

Zac: I got 16.

Murph: 6.

Lou: 7.

Brennan: Cool, he scrolls through the texts and goes,

Skrank: Uh, weird, okay. I'll go check it out. On a bicycle or a motorcycle?

Fabian: A bicycle. For sure a bicycle.

Skrank: A bikini on a bicycle, that seems a recipe for disaster.

Riz: I think she was going to the beach, maybe?

Fabian: Yeah.

Skrank: On a school day? What's going on?

Fig: Well, I think -

Gorgug: I think there was a photographer.

Fabian: Yeah, she's a model, she's a model.

Riz: Yes, that's why she needs the AV club, she wants to get into videos.

Fabian: Yeah, and she said you're hot.

Gorgug: She's saying, it was two things. She was first taking pictures, second thinking, hey, I wish I had my friend from the AV club here. So it was those two.

Emily: I cast Friends on him.

Murph: Wait.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: No, then he’ll know!

Siobhan: So we have a minute!

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Persuasion check with advantage.

Emily: Gorgug was almost there.

Siobhan: 16.

Brennan: 16?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Rad, you see he goes,

Skrank: All right, I'll go check it out.

Brennan: You see he springs into the hall and flaps away. Uh, Shellford's kind of, you see he's looking at something on one of the little sort of security cams.

Murph: Can I see what he's, can I try to like sneak around and see what he's looking at? Uh, can I do Investigate or Perception?

Brennan: Do a Perception.

Murph: Okay. Uh, 16.

Brennan: Um, he's looking at a - elemental vehicle, he's looking at a van in the teacher's parking lot, you see that it looks like there's no license plates on it, and he's like writing a little report, or like a ticket for that basically.

Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Thoughts on him just to listen to his surface thoughts while we ask him questions?

Brennan: Yeah. You begin to hear his surface thoughts.

Fig: Uh, Shellford, hey.

Shellford: Uhh, yeah?

Emily: I stand really intimidatingly against the wall.

Lou: I lock the door.

Emily: Yeah, lock that door. Uh, I get a, Intimidation, I get a 25.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Siobhan: My god, mean girl.

Fig: Uh, does anyone else look at this footage other than you?

Shellford: Um, yeah.

Fig: Who?

Brennan: You hear in his mind, the teachers that look at it. There's like a couple. Porter looks at it, Jace looks at it, Coach Daybreak looks at it, Vice Principal Goldenhoard looks at it, and then he and the AV guys look at it. You see that he looks and says,

Shellford: Yeah, a lot of people look at it.

Fig: Mm, cool. Oh, I meant to ask you, uh, where is, uh, that other guy that you hang out with? Where is that guy today?

Adaine: Riz? Oh, no, Biz.

Fig: Biz, yeah, where's Biz?

Shellford: Biz got his fucking ass demolished, and he's in a hospital.

Fig: Why? What the - what happened?

Shellford: I don't know, we're not like super close.

Riz: Who are you close with?

Brennan: You see the thought goes into his head,

Shellford: No one, I'm close to no one. I just wish more than anything that I could let someone in.

Brennan: Um, you see he says,

Shellford: Uh, I'm not a fuckin' loser, so I fuckin' keep to myself, 'cause no one at this school is fuckin' cool.

Fabian: All right.

Murph: We don't have this information, so we’re just -

Emily: Yeah, I'm just assuming that you're getting great information.

Fig: So why did you do it, huh? Why did you beat up Biz?

Shellford: Listen, nothing in the world would be easier than for me to take my fuckin' nunchucks.

Brennan: And he takes a pair of nunchucks out and says,

Shellford: And fuckin' take Biz apart.

Brennan: In his head he's going,

Shellford: I'm so scared. I don't know why these kids are yelling at me. I don't think I've done anything wrong, but then again I always do.

Emily: I look over to Adaine for validation that I'm getting somewhere with him. All right, I grab the nunchucks.

Shellford: Whoa, those are vintage! Those are real nunchucks!

Fig: Yeah, then maybe -

Adaine: Hey, hey, hey, give him his nunchucks back.

Fig: Okay.

Shellford: Only reason I let you disarm me was because I think it would be unfair if you were unarmed.

Lou: Idiot!

Adaine: We don't wanna fight you, we are just worried about some stuff that's going on in this school. Do you know what Biz was working on? 'Cause we heard a rumor that it was something to do with a palimpsest?

Shellford: Palimpsest? He mentioned some shit about that, but I honestly was super fucking bored.

Brennan: In his head, he's going,

Shellford: I tuned out of what he was saying because it represented a threat to my identity and that was too terrifying for me to notice, so I don't listen to fully what he was saying, and instead used that time to craft a response that would make me seem bigger, because if I'm small, everyone's going to hurt me.

Adaine: You know, I don't want to seem rude, but like -

Shellford: Too late?

Gorgug: What happened with the, what were you just looking at? Was there a van or something?

Shellford: Yeah, I'm writing a ticket. There's a van in the teacher parking lot.

Adaine: Oh, we can take take that for you.

Shellford: Take the van?

Adaine: No, we can take the ticket down.

Fabian: Yeah, we'll put the ticket on the, uh, van.

Shellford: Okay, sure.

Fig: We love enforcing the law.

Brennan: He gives you guys the little ticket. In his head he's just going like,

Shellford: She was reaching out to you, Shellford. She was reaching out to you. Why did you bat her hand away? You always do this.

Shellford: Um, can I get back to work now, or do you guys have more bullshit you wanna talk about?

Riz: Does Daybreak hang out here?

Shellford: Uh, no. He's around sometimes 'cause he's a teacher and he has the authority to watch the footage.

Riz: Does he watch it more than the other -

Brennan: In his head, he says yes.

Adaine: What kind of footage is he looking at? He just seems like a creep, you know?

Shellford: Um, as creepy as six fuckin' losers who fuckin' lock the door to talk to somebody?

Adaine: I mean as creepy as somebody who volunteers to watch all of the video in the school.

Brennan: In his head, he's like,

Shellford: That hurts me so deeply and I can't get away from the pain. How do I get away? Everything I do just makes it worse.

Shellford: Um, okay. Uh, loser. So pretty much, um, I guess I'll catch you guys later unless you have anything else you want to bother me about?

Adaine: You know, kindness begets kindness, Shellford.

Siobhan: I walk out of the AV room.

Brennan: The last thought that he thinks to himself is like,

Shellford: How could I ever be kind to somebody when I've never been kind to myself?

Shellford: Uh, all right, fuckin' doinks. I'm happy.

Adaine: That is the saddest person I have ever met, but he is not involved.

Fabian: I'm happy? God.

Riz: Okay, well, so they have footage of us. We can't talk here.

Adaine: No, let's keep -

Gorgug: Should we just go to the, do you guys wanna just check out the -

Fabian: Van?

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: The van?

Riz: Yeah, let's go to the van.

Fabian: We said we'd put the ticket on it, so -

Zac: What does the ticket say?

Ally: Can I find them in the hallway and join them?

Brennan: Um, sure! You go to find them in the hallway. Oh yeah, give me a Religion check as you're reading the book.

Ally: Oh, yeah, I was trying to look for another book. Can I see if I found it?

Brennan: Oh, sure, yeah.

Ally: Cool. Ooh, Religion, oh. 8.

Brennan: You see that the librarian comes over and says,

Librarian: Deary, you and your friend have some overdue books, I believe. Have you returned The People's History of Falinel, The Eons of Solace -

Kristen: Oh, yeah, sorry. I have that right here.

Brennan: Takes The People's History, puts it away. She says,

Librarian: What are you looking for?

Kristen: Um, just a light-hearted YA book that I grew up with. It's called Blood-soaked Nails?

Librarian: Blood-soaked Nails, that's a, um, that's a piece of religious propaganda.

Kristen: Oh. Do we have it like for historical reasons, or -

Librarian: Not here in the library.

Kristen: Mm, cool. Huh! I was doing an, uh, a report on, uh, you know, hurtful, misguiding -

Librarian: You okay? Do you need some water?

Kristen: No, I don't need water! Uh, thank you. Do you have anything like that? Like, misguiding religious literature. I need to find anything I can.

Brennan: She looks around and pulls a book called A Theory of the Divine and hands it to you.

Kristen: Singular, great. Um, cool, thank you. Yeah, I'll check this out. I bet I can use this as a resource, so thanks a lot.

Librarian: Wonderful, very good.

Brennan:  You meet these guys in the hall. As you are walking to them, you get a little text from your parents on your crystal that says, "EMERGENCY," all caps.

Ally: Jesus fucking Christ. Uh, okay.

Brennan: And you guys, you arrive here.

Kristen: I have to go home.

Riz: Kristen you didn’t - You didn't ask anybody about cult literature, did you?

Kristen: I did, but don't worry, I was really smooth about it. They just think I'm writing a paper, and Blood-soaked Nails was already checked out.

Fabian: Yeah, of course.

Kristen: Um, I have to call my parents I guess.

Fig: Yeah, do it, that's fine. We're going to ticket a van.

Gorgug: What happened?

Adaine: Check out a van but say that we're ticketing it.

Kristen: I just got a text that said “emergency” from my parents.

Riz: Should we go to Kristen's house?

Kristen: Yes!

Adaine: Yeah, we'll go with you.

Kristen: Yeah, please, thank you so much.

Fig: Well, call them first.

Adaine: Yes, but let's check on this van really quickly. Yeah, call your parents on the way down.

Kristen: Okay, cool.

Brennan: You call your parents, your mom picks up the phone.

Donna: Kristen, there's been an awful emergency. You gotta come home right now.

Kristen: Okay, what happened?

Donna: Alright, come home right now.

Kristen: What happened?

Donna: Come home right now. I gotta go, all right?

Kristen: Can I bring my friends?

Donna: Bring 'em, bring everybody! Bring 'em!

Brennan: And she hangs up.

Kristen: What the fuck? Um, okay. Can you check on the van and then speed on your bike, or a couple people?

Fabian: Yeah, that's fine.

Kristen: Do you guys mind splitting up?

Riz: Yeah, why don't we just go, shouldn't we just go straight to her place?

Gorgug: Let's just go to your place.

Fig: Let's just drop the ticket off and then we'll go to your place.

Adaine: Yeah, it's on the way! Let’s just go, it’s on the way

Riz: All right, let's go to the van, let's go to the van.

Brennan: You guys go, you drop a little ticket on the van.

Emily: Shake it.

Siobhan: Is there anything weird about this van?

Ally: Can I cast Detect Good and Evil on the van?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: Cool. Do I roll for anything -

Murph: I got an 18 Investigate check.

Brennan: 18 Investigate check

Siobhan: Oh, yeah.

Zac: I got a -

Siobhan: I got also an 18 Investigate check.

Gorgug: 7 Perception -

Lou: I got a 19 Investigation check.

Brennan: Cool, nobody beat a 20 though, right?

Siobhan: No.

Ally: What's a, what's -

Brennan: Oh, Investigate is Intelligence.

Ally: What's Good and Evil?

Brennan: Oh, Good and Evil. You Detect Good and Evil, the van doesn't come up as either, but you see it's like a sealed cargo van basically. You guys lay the ticket on it, you rush over to the Applebees' home. You see that your family's out in the front, and there's a bunch of humans that you all recognize from church. Pastor Amelia is here as well. Um, you rush up, your mom says--by the way, it's about like, sort of like afternoon now, probably like school's letting out as you guys rush over to this other neighborhood. You see that your mom says,

Donna: Oh, thank God you're here, Kristen. Somebody attacked the church!

Kristen: What?

Donna: Somebody attacked the Church of Sol! This neighborhood is not safe. There's a bunch of people here, they're not believers, and -

Kristen: What do you mean, what happened? Who, what did they look like?

Brennan: Pastor Amelia comes over to you and says,

Pastor Amelia: Kristen, it's okay. Your mom's a little upset. Somebody vandalized the church.

Kristen: Did they hurt anyone?

Pastor Amelia: They didn't hurt anybody, but somebody destroyed a section of the church. The door to the rectory is missing.

Fig: It's kind of weird to call your daughter out of school for - vandalism?

Adaine: Yeah, in the middle of school? That’s what I was just thinking.

Kristen: You guys don't understand how important the church is to my mom.

Pastor Amelia: Somebody, somebody fully removed the entire doorway from the church, it looks like, so that wall collapsed. We can't find the door, or any of the archway, or the keystone or anything like that.

Gorgug: The keystone?

Pastor Amelia: Uh, above the arch, yeah.

Kristen: So you mean just like the whole door to the church was blown in.

Pastor Amelia: It was the door in the back to the rectory.

Gorgug: Can we talk over here for a second?

Kristen: Uh, wow, that's horrible. We’re gonna go -

Pastor Amelia: We're getting a group together, we're gonna do a vigil, and we're gonna do a little fundraiser, and your mom thought you should be here because you're chosen.

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check on Kristen's mom?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: And the priest.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: Uh, 18.

Brennan: Um, the mom seems frantic, and you, with an 18, you get a vibe on the whole crowd. These humans seem like, riled up. They seem like they have like, a weird victim complex about their religion, and that someone's vandalized their church, and like bad shit is afoot. The pastor seems to be mostly calming people down, but it looks like there's a big gathering here basically and they're gonna do some kind of vigil or whatever.

Ally: Um, the rectory, what is that again?

Brennan: A rectory is a place where the clergy lives in a church basically.

Gorgug: Oh. Was that door a part of the church originally or is that from somewhere else?

Brennan: You see the pastor kind of looks at you for a second, regards you.

Pastor Amelia: Uh, well, kiddo, actually it was a recovered piece of an older monastery. We actually, that doorway is centuries old. It was part of a big important highlight of the church.

Siobhan: Are we there right now?

Gorgug: Do you know where that church originally was?

Pastor Amelia: From Highcourt.

Gorgug: Mm.

Kristen: Cool, well, we're gonna go over there and just pray about it.

Pastor Amelia: That's great, that'd be great. Tell your friends we're gonna do a little fundraiser, do a little vigil.

Kristen: Cool, yeah.

Adaine: We'll bake some cookies.

Pastor Amelia: Mm-hmm, that's great.

Kristen: Yeah, great. All right, guys. Hey, we can talk, but we just all have to hold hands 'cause then it looks like we're praying.

Fig: Yeah, that's cool, we can hold hands.

Adaine: I might have to let go to cast a spell, but I'll make it look like I'm scratching my nose or something.

Kristen: Great, okay. Just bow your heads and say whatever you want.

Riz: Hey, guys, so I think that doorway might be like the thing that somebody would need to go through to like -

Fabian: It's a portal.

Gorgug: It's the thing for portal.

Riz: Make the apocalypse happen.

Adaine: Right, can we go over there, and I can do like an Identify type situation?

Kristen: I think we should definitely do that.

Fabian: But the door's not at the church anymore, it's -

Adaine: No, I know, but maybe there’s like -

Kristen: No, but the area around it.

Fig: But doesn't anyone else feel like perhaps it could have something to do with the bank?

Adaine: I mean, maybe, but I think it's like -

Fig: If there's something that they're protecting there.

Adaine: If something has been magically disappeared, like they said it was disappeared, they didn't say it was taken.

Riz: I thought they said it was grabbed, did they meant the wall?

Gorgug: They said something hauled it out.

Adaine: You can't take an entire doorway, that's a magical thing.

Kristen: Well, let's go and look for clues. That's the closest thing we can do.

Ally: Um, can I tell her that we're just gonna head over there and pray closer to it?

Pastor Amelia: You are ordained, Kristen, and we're happy to have you, and we know that your faith is as rock-solid and unshakable as Sol's power. And if anything ever happened to your faith, this community would collapse.

Kristen: Yeah.

Pastor Amelia: It would be chaos.

Adaine: Praise Helio! We've gotta go.

Gorgug: We just prayed.

Brennan: You guys take off -

Kristen: Thank you so much, Adaine, thank you so much.

Emily: I create a Minor Illusion to hide her world religions book.

Brennan: You guys see that the church is locked but doesn't appear to be an active crime scene. Seems like the religious community's kind of handling it itself.

Ally: I accuse the church.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Ally: I'm just kidding.

Brennan: No, that's great, you can accuse the church. That's fine with me. You open the doors to the church, walk in. Everyone make, I guess like, an Investigate check.

Siobhan: Can I use Detect Magic?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Can I use Perception instead?

Emily: 16.

Murph: 17.

Brennan: Sure. What'd you get?

Murph: 17.

Brennan: 17?

Lou: 10.

Ally: I got 24.

Zac: I got a 22 Perception.

Brennan: 24 Perception? Awesome. You guys see tons of rubble. The back, so like, taking an entire doorway out of a thing is like incredible. Your Detect Magic reveals that there is some residual magic here of a, like, stone softening type. Some divine magic. And also a very faint residual enhancing of an ability, like a Strength-modifying transmutation.

Adaine: Oh, so this I think was done through magic, but also through strength. This is a team effort, this is not one person it feels like.

Gorgug: So you think they like, physically moved it out and then they physically had to move it away?

Adaine: I think somebody softened the stone around it and then somebody else who was made to be incredibly strong, or maybe several people, I don't know, pulled the doorway away.

Fabian: Mayhaps a paladin and a barbarian?

Ally: I pick up a djembe because it brings me calm, and I start playing the djembe.

Emily: Can I look for any footprints or any kind of evidence of -

Brennan: That was what your guys' investigation check was for.

Emily: Oh, gotcha.

Brennan: You see there's some footprints in here. You can check more around the outside of the church if you want.

Emily: Yeah, that's what I want.

Siobhan: Yeah, can we take a, do you have things in your briefcase that could like, take a cast of the footprints?

Murph: I guess so.

Siobhan: In your little police kit.

Emily: I've got like a disguise kit, so I feel like -

Brennan: Yeah. Go ahead and make your investigation check for the exterior of the church.

Murph: 20, uh, 6.

Brennan: 26? Uh, Riz, you pop your magnifying glass out, and are looking all the way around. Uh, by the curb you see the faintest skid marks of a large four-wheeled vehicle.

Emily: Does it look like a fucking van?

Zac: Does it look like a van?

Riz: I think that we gotta go back to the van!

Fabian: All right, back to school.

Kristen: But let's make a plan before we go back 'cause we're gonna be on camera the whole time we're there.

Fabian: I mean, if -

Fig: I know what we'll do. We put the ticket on there, so I can go and pretend to just be, or one of us can go, or a group of us can go and pretend to be just rudely enforcing the ticket and see if anyone's in the van.

Adaine: Can you dress as like, as another teacher? Can you disguise yourself as another teacher and investigate it?

Fig: Always.

Gorgug: I'll just stand far way like when we were in the parking lot.

Kristen: What if, okay, so we're pretty sure Coach Daybreak is in the middle of this. What if I go and talk to Coach Daybreak and try to keep him in a room talking to him as long as I can about religion, and you are him. It feels like he's in the center of this.

Brennan: You guys rush back to the school. Upon rushing back, you guys see that the school's let out. It's twilight, and the back doors of the van are open.

Emily: We’ve gotta sneak over.

Murph: Should you Detect Magic or sneak up to it?

Siobhan: Yeah, let's sneak. My Detect Magic spell is still going, right?

Brennan: Yes, you still got your Detect Magic going. You see a faint trace of magic leading over to the bloodrush field.

Ally: Oh, my Detect Good and Evil is still going, right?

Brennan: A powerful evil traces over to bloodrush field.

Adaine: Oh no, the bloodrush field. We have to go talk to those jocks.

Fig: Perhaps you should give us a speech before we go rush over to the bloodrush field?

Kristen: I don't know if I have one in me, but you know what? Of course I do. You guys, uh, I'm not gonna mince words, okay? There's no god.

Fabian: What? Oh...

Kristen: There's no devil.

Gorgug: It's gonna get inspiring.

Riz: We've seen one. We talked to one.
        
Kristen: There's no hope.

Adaine: There's definitely gods and devils.

Kristen: Everything is random. And not the good random, like you go to Vegas and you're excited because it's random?

Fabian: Where is Vegas?

Kristen: Bad random. Like, oh, that was my brother, and he was just smashed by a hound.

Gorgug: What?

Kristen: When you're really young and a hound looks big.

Fabian: What is Vegas?

Kristen: And we don't know. There's no rhyme or reason.

Gorgug: A wolf smashed through your house?

Kristen: Wind chimes are fucking annoying because of how erratic they are, okay? It's not good that it's random. There's no good in it. And maybe -

Gorgug: Here we go, this is it.

Kristen: Maybe it's nice that we all found each other. And guys, I'm glad that we're all friends, and we all bring something different to the group, and maybe that's all for a reason. Maybe it was so nice that I met you all, and it's a perfect fit, and someone out there's looking out for me, or maybe not, and maybe the blood-soaked nails are still in my hands.

Adaine: But at least we're together, right?

Kristen: Yeah.

Fabian: Yes!

Emily: I wanna disguise myself as a Harvestman.

Brennan: You guys, you do that, voom, disguise. You guys hear a colossal shrieking noise and the breaking of stone from the bloodrush field.

Siobhan: Oh, run!

Murph: We run towards it.

Brennan: You sprint to the bloodrush field -

Emily: Let me be in the lead, 'cause I look like a Harvestman.

Zac: I'm standing in front of you.

Brennan: On one side of the field is an enormous stone arch from the church that is pulsing with infernal energy. On the other is a chest that has been opened, Coach Daybreak, and a legion of skeletal bloodrush players. Their padding hanging from their frame, turn to look at you. Coach Daybreak turns, smiles.

Daybreak: Kristen, good to see you, kiddo.

Kristen: Hi.

Daybreak: Tryouts are over, my man.

Fabian: Oh, God.

Daybreak: But you know what? Just for today, let's play ball!

Brennan: I'm gonna need you all to roll initiative.

Ally: Jesus Christ. Oh, sorry.

Brennan: And that's it for this week on Fantasy High! Tune in next week where we see how this shakes down with old Coach Daybreak on the field! Later!

Siobhan: I knew that guy was bad. I knew it!

[EPISODE10]

All: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl.

Brennan: Hi guys and welcome back to Fantasy High. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. These are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: They keep doing it and it's funny every time.

Brennan: Guys, last we left off, our heroes rushed the Bloodrush field to see Coach Daybreak and his team of skeletal Owlbears. The battle begins as the arch from the Church of Sol glimmers with kinetic, magic potential. Not fully opened yet.

Fig: Hey Kristen, when this was in your church were all those skulls there?

Fabian: Yeah did you have all those skulls?

Adaine: Yeah, what's up with these skulls?

Kristen: There were just a few skulls, but they were more to remember what not to be.

Fabian: Okay, uh huh.

Adaine: That's a red flag.

Brennan: Now, all of you guys. Twilight fades, the sun sets in the West. Skeletons charge forward as Coach Daybreak blows on his whistle. Fabian, you are first to act.

Lou: All right, can I first call to the Hangman? Or however we communicate?

Brennan: By all means you may. What do you say to the Hangman?

Fabian: Hangman, to the Bloodrush field, post haste.

Hangman: Master, I come with all the swiftness of Hell.

Fabian: Oh, fantastic.

Brennan: You see that the Hangman responds to you and says,

Hangman: Right now, I am back waiting for you at the home of Kristen Applebees. I will rush there as soon as I can. But it’s sunset, so it's rush hour so add 10 minutes on there to -

Fabian: Just make sure, on the yellows, just push through.

Hangman: I'll push through on the yellows, Master.

Fabian: Fantastic.

Lou: And with that, I think I'll, so I see you mentioned that there's a chest on the field?

Brennan: Yes, you see, actually, go ahead and make a Perception check.

Lou: Oh wow, a 15.

Brennan: Looking forward, you see not a ball but a sort of smoking purple orb in the hand of one of the skeletons, that is kind of cocking a hand back with this orb, basically.

Lou: Like he's going to throw it?

Brennan: Like he's going to throw it.

Lou: Fantastic. I'll take a dash action and move further to this side of the field. As far forward into this side of the field as I can.

Brennan: Go ahead and grab Fabian there and move him diagonally one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. You have three squares of movement left if you like.

Lou: Yeah, I'll go over there.

Brennan: 12, you guys see Fabian fucking dart, onto the field, whoosh, just tearing across the field. That is going to be Daybreak. Yeah, you see Coach Daybreak darting through the skeletons, blowing his whistle. And Coach Daybreak Action Surges and is going to take some swings.

Lou: That's fine.

Brennan: Ah, okay, oof.

Murph: Oof is always good.

Lou: Love an oof.

Emily: Yeah, hearing like a ton of dice.

Lou: Yeah, ton.

Murph: You might need to play some defense here.

Brennan: Coach Daybreak slashes you with his spear for 18 points of damage.

Daybreak: Whoa! Shouldn't’ve come back to the field kid, you got no heart.

Fabian: Is that the best you've got?

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: That's gonna be Adaine.

Siobhan: I'm gonna move to here. I'm gonna cast Fly on my boy Gorgug right here. And then I'm gonna move forward the rest of my movement.

Emily: Does Gorgug know that you did that to him?

Siobhan: Yes.

Gorgug: What are you doing? What's happening?

Adaine: You can fly now!

Gorgug: What?

Adaine: Good luck!

Gorgug: Aaaahh!

Brennan: One, two, three, four five, six, seven, eight.

Siobhan: Oh shit!

Brennan: Nine, ten, 11, 12. Whooo, just rushing. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, Bum, bum, bum.

Murph: Holy shit, what the fuck?

Brennan: You guys see these skeletons rush the field.

Skeleton: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl!

Murph: Who has the ball? Guy in the back?

Siobhan: People have died doing this -

Brennan: Guy in the back.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: That is going to be Riz.

Murph: Okay, I would like to use my Investigate skill, my Inquisitive Archetype to see where the quarterback is eyeing to throw the ball.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Let's see who he's eyeing. That's gonna be a 23.

Brennan: 23, you see that this, not that the quarterback has any eyes to speak of, but his empty, hollow, sockets seem to be pointed in the direction of this receiver, rushing past Fabian.

Murph: Okay. All right, I am just going to stand in front of here and ready an action to shoot somebody or grab the ball if it comes near, like kind of play goalie.

Brennan: You're going to ready an action to do what, specifically, when what happens?

Murph: If somebody throws the ball at it I'm gonna try to catch it or block it.

Brennan: Okay, you're gonna try to catch the ball if, gotcha, cool.

Murph: Or swat it out of somebody's hand. I'm gonna play goalie.

Brennan: Ah, rad, Fig that's you.

Emily: Okay, so I am currently disguised as a Harvestman?

Brennan: That’s correct.

Emily: Does it seem like they're buying it?

Brennan: The amount of chaos on the field in front of you makes it seem like a social interaction at this point and time, may not have a high likelihood of success.

Emily: Okay, then I would like to run -

Murph: I relayed that information to everybody that he's looking at this guy.

Emily: Yeah, yeah.

Murph: In Elvish.

Gorgug: What happened?

Murph: And then I whispered it to Gorgug.

Emily: Okay, I would like to, I am a Harvestman. So I'm gonna run over here and I'm gonna shout to Daybreak,

Fig: Hey, I'm here to help you clean up this mess.

Brennan: Fig, go ahead and make me a Deception roll with disadvantage if you'd be so kind.

Emily: I got a 24.

Zac: Really? Your worst roll.

Emily: Yeah, I got a 14 and then a 13 and I have 11 Deception.

Brennan: You see Daybreak goes,

Daybreak: Hell yeah, brother, get in here, help out.

Emily: And then I'm going to cast Suggestion on him because that's the closest. And say,

Fig: Give me the ball. Pass me the ball.

Emily: That's a Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: What's the DC on that?

Emily: 16.

Brennan: The skeleton goes,

Skeleton: Arrrgh!

Brennan: And starts rushing right towards you.

Emily: Hmmm, and then I'm gonna wink at, I'm gonna wink at old Riz and give him some Bardic Inspiration.

Murph: All right.

Brennan: That's gonna be Kristen.

Ally: I'm gonna cast Bless on you three.

Murph: Oh sweet.

Zac: Cool.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: And then, what was that other thing I had?

Murph: Gotta remember that I'm Blessed.

Siobhan: Hashtag Blessed.

Ally: Oh yeah, I'm gonna move out like as far as I can get towards the middle.

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six, is where?

Murph: Yeah, you have high AC. So it'd probably be good if we have to play a ball game, a little bit. It seems like high armor class would be good to have in the back near the goal. The apocalypse goal, as it were.

Brennan: Gorgug, it's gonna be you baby.

Zac: So I am flying, which means I get more movement?

Siobhan: Yeah, you get 60 more movement.

Brennan: Or 60 movement, total.

Siobhan: And you can go up and down as well as -

Murph: Sack ‘em, baby. Sack ‘em.

Siobhan: - as forward.

Emily: Duuuude.

Murph: Dude. Fucking leap over the line, man.

Zac: I don't think I can get all the way there though? With 60?

Brennan: Well it's 60 movement which means you can take a dash and a regular movement and do 120.

Zac: I still couldn't attack at the end, right?

Emily: Dude, no, no, jump on top. Can he get there and jump on top of the ball?

Brennan: You're taking your action to move. So, no.

Siobhan: But at least you'd be there.

Zac: I wanna run to the guy I think he's gonna throw it to, first. Because I don't think, in any case it'd get there in two turns no matter what, if I get there.

Emily: If you can get there in one turn you can ready an action.

Zac: I can't, if I use my action, right?

Brennan: Yes, you have 60 feet of movement. Where do you wanna move?

Zac: I wanna move to, okay, so one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11. So, I have 60 feet of movement? Can I move 11 squares?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Zac: I'm gonna go here. And I'm gonna go into a rage. How about I just smack this guy?

Emily: A flying rage?

Ally: It's like, so anime.

Brennan: Could you make an Acrobatics check for me if you would be so kind?

Zac: Oh yeah, yes, with Bless?

Brennan: With Bless, yeah.

Zac: I got a 23, 23.

Brennan: With a 23, how does Gorgug fly, when he flies?

Zac: I think he's like, kind of like, just like headfirst, like arrrrgh!

Murph: Goku style?

Zac: Yes.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: You're like three feet above the ground just screaming like a comet.

Ally: Three feet above the ground, so lateral. Like a Roomba.

Gorgug: Ahhhhh!

Brennan: Gorgug, you run and just fucking scream. And you're holding your action? Or you're gonna attack?

Zac: I was gonna attack.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: First one is 15. Does that hit?

Brennan: A 15 does hit, yes.

Zac: Okay, cool. So I hit him for, yes, 18.

Brennan: Arghhh, bones all in the fucking air. Gone baby, just dust.

Emily: That was too easy. They're gonna start coming out of that chest. More skeletons.

Siobhan: Or outta here.

Brennan: As soon as you hit that one, as soon as the quarterback sees their intended target obliterated, goes,

Skeleton Quarterback: Huuuah?

Brennan: Switches at the last second. Their throw has disadvantage as a result of having to switch at the last second. And is going to throw to another receiver. Okay, quarterback throws this receiver over here, bam, gets the ball. Daybreak goes,

Daybreak: Good pass. Good hustle on the field!

Emily: I pretend like,

Fig: Yeah, we're winning, right Daybreak?

Brennan: Fabian, your turn.

Lou: So the ball has been passed. So it's on the other side of the field now? Yes it is.

Brennan: Yes, ball's on the other side of the field.

Lou: You know, I'll stay engaged in combat with the man who would not let me on the team. So yeah, I'll attack Coach Dawnstar.

Brennan: Daybreak, it's good, it's all good.

Lou: Hey if I were on the team I would know.

Brennan: Hits. And you have your extra attack ability as well.

Lou: I do, so should I roll that right now?

Brennan: Yeah, if you're gonna attack him again go for it.

Lou: And that's 13.

Brennan: 13 misses.

Lou: Okay. A 13.

Brennan: Your rapier flicks out and slashes through his sweatshirt. He leans out of the way and just a tiny snick across the arm.

Daybreak: Ah, don't see the moves from tryouts today.

Brennan: That's now going to be Daybreak, who's gonna come back at 'cha. Daybreak's gonna hit you for 12 points of damage. Huuuah! Slicing you again. That is going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Web. One, two, three, four, by one, two, three, four. So basically, these four guys here on the left.

Brennan: Those four right there, hell yeah.

Siobhan: And my saving throws, it's a Dex saving throw. And it's 15. Is my spell saving DC.

Brennan: DC is 15, okay. Okay, big hulking bruiser. And the one with the ball. Cool, the thinner, smaller skeletons leap through the web. As it runs the bruiser is stuck in place.

Siobhan: And what does having a bonus action mean? Does that just mean because I have, I haven't moved, I get to do, or is that the thing the other people have?

Brennan: Bonus action only applies if you have an ability that allows you to use a bonus action, basically.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. Which I don't think I have any of, right?

Brennan: No, I do not believe you do.

Siobhan: Okay, I was just confused that other people got that. "I don't think I have any of those."

Brennan: Cool, the skeletons go, so these two are gonna come for Gorgug.

Zac: Bring it on.

Brennan: This one goes for Fig.

Emily: But I look like a Harvestman?

Brennan: Oh, you do look like a Harvestman. Doesn't go for you. Goes for Kristen.

Emily: You have way higher AC than me. I don’t feel bad.

Brennan: Adaine, this one comes for Adaine as well.

Siobhan: Oh, shit.

Brennan: This guy sprints for the door. Riz, you have your readied action, at this point.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: With a Bless, don't forget!

Murph: I'm going to -

Ally: And Bardic Inspiration if you need it.

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: I'm gonna try to -

Emily: Oh yeah, I gave you Bardic Inspiration last time I went.

Siobhan: Wait, you don't even need to because I'm gonna give you my Nat 20 on my Divination roll that I got this morning.

Murph: Cool, I'm gonna try to blast the ball out of his hand.

Brennan: So you wanna blast the ball out of his hand? With a Nat 20, anything is possible. So you see, this skeleton with the orb under its hand goes,

Orb Skeleton: Argh!

Brennan: You see that the door starts to glimmer and shine red with dark shadows. As the door and portal's about to open you, boom! Ball perfectly up in the air. You snag it as this skeleton dives at what he thought was gonna be a portal but instead becomes nothing. Slams his head into the back of fucking nothing. You have the ball.

Murph: Jesus Christ.

Zac: The Ball has the ball!

All: The Ball has the ball! The Ball has the ball!

Fig: The ball has to go back in the chest people. That's what needs to happen.

Ally: In Elvish.

Emily: Yeah, I say that in Elvish.

Kristen: Gorgug, what she said was -

Brennan: Insane! Now they're gonna make some grapple checks.

Siobhan: Aw shit.

Brennan: Adaine, I'm gonna need you to make some opposed Athletics checks.

Siobhan: I love it. I'm so good at Athletics. Minus 2.

Brennan: Do you beat a 13? Let me know.

Siobhan: 8, 10, no, I got an 8.

Brennan: Another skeleton takes a swing at you,

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Brennan: For 8 points of damage.

Siobhan: Oh, God.

Brennan: With a sword, you are also grappled. One of them has like, tackled you to the ground. Kristen, I'm gonna need you to make an opposed Athletics check.

Ally: Alright. Ah, Athletics, 17.

Brennan: One of these guys leaps at you and you crack him across the head with your staff down to the ground.

Ally: Fuck yeah. So he's on the ground now?

Brennan: Yeah, he flopped down, trying to get you. Other guys, tied up in webs. Gorgug, I'm gonna need you to make these, you make these with advantage as you're raging.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And I believe you have Bless.

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Let me know if you beat a 7. Doesn't seem like it'll be too hard.

Zac: I got one Nat 1. But I had a 10, outside of that. And then plus -

Siobhan: Athletics, 17.

Zac: And plus Athletics, 17.

Brennan: Go ahead and make another roll with advantage.

Zac: A Nat 20, and a 17, and 2. Yeah Nat 20.

Brennan: Both of these guys leap at you and boom, boom! They're fucking on the deck.

Gorgug: Hiahh!

Brennan: Incredible, now it is going to be Riz's turn.

Murph: Full dash action to Gorgug and I hop on his back.

Brennan: Get us to the goal baby!

Riz: I know how this game works.

Murph: Riz definitely doesn't know anything about sports.

Brennan: Incredible, Fig that's you.

Emily: Okay. I'm going to move over here. And I'm going to look, actually I'd like to move here. And I'm gonna project a Cone of Fear on these four guys.

Brennan: Ooooh, rad, okay. And what is the DC on that?

Emily: The DC will be 16 Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: 16 Wisdom saving throw.

Ally: What does it do?

Emily: I project a phantasmal image of their worst fears.

Murph: Whoa!

Ally: Jesus Christ.

Emily: And then if they don't succeed then they become frightened. They have to drop whatever they're holding and try to run away.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: You hit a "wha, wha, wha, wha," on your guitar and a cone of just sound and pure rock -

Emily: I'm using my ruby guitar pick.

Brennan: "Rwoooowww!" The three skeletons that are tackling Adaine and Kristen, all look and you see, made of pure, sonic vibration, "Whoo, whoo, whoo," a giant bulldog appears. They all go and try to start running away. That's going to be Kristen.

Ally: That's awesome. Let's see, wait, so this Harvestman just showed up with a bass guitar? They didn't think anything of it.

Murph: They probably have figured it out by now. But she did get that one pass, which makes it worth it.

Emily: I still shout back to Daybreak and I say,

Fig: We're on the same team!

Ally: I'm just gonna use my turn to Bless the other three of us.

Brennan: Actually, one thing about Bless is I think it might be a concentration spell? I think we might have gotten this wrong last time. So I think you can actually only Bless, yeah, the three people that you Blessed.

Ally: Oh, okay, cool, dang. Then I am going to -

Murph: You have undead stuff, right?

Ally: Yeah - 
Emily: Well these guys are already turned away though. 
Ally: Yeah, so I have a 30 foot radius for this. So I'm gonna get as close as I can to this cluster.

Brennan: Okay. That guy’s gonna get an attack of opportunity on you.

Emily: Is he? He's frightened.

Brennan: He'll get it with, oh he is frightened. He can only run.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Fuck me. Too scared to hit 'ya.

Ally: How many spaces is 30 feet?

Brennan: Six squares.

Ally: Cool. One, two, three, four, five, six. And then I am going, I don't really have a religion right now but I'm going to take out the On the Subject of World Religions and Channel Divinity.

Brennan: Dude, how cool. Are you doing, Turn Undead?

Ally: I have Turn Undead and Destroy Undead.

Brennan: Now, Destroy Undead automatically happens when you Turn Undead. So they're gonna make Wisdom saving throws.

Ally: Cool, so I'll do that for those four or those three guys.

Brennan: Daybreak is not undead, he's alive, but the two skeletons there are gonna roll a Wisdom Saving throw. Uh. What do you say as you’re holding this book of comparative world religions aloft?

Kristen: Sometimes it's sad to have more questions than answers, but, uh, living la vida loca!

Brennan: Both skeletons explode into dust.

        Skeletons: Aaah!

Fabian: Living la vida loca.

Kristen: Look, I was, really, Ricky Martin is the only thing I've fully believed in.

Adaine: Oh my God, maybe your real religion is dance.

Kristen: My God, you're right. Or poppers. 

Fig: Or hips.

Kristen: Yes.

Siobhan: Shaky girl jams.

Brennan: That is going to be Gorgug.

Kristen: Outside inside out!

Zac: Well, I'm gonna take a full dash action and go with Riz on my back, to try to put the thing in the -

Lou: Dunk the ball?

Emily: Dunk it.

Ally: Dunk the ball and The Ball.

Siobhan: Dunk that ball.

Ally: The double ball.

Zac: And so, I'm still flying like this, and I -

Brennan: Cool, I'm going to need you to make an opposed Athletics check for me.

Zac: And that's at advantage?

Brennan: That is going to be with advantage, yeah.

Zac: Ooh. Okay, I got a 24.

Brennan: 24, that's good. It's not as good as a Nat 20.

Zac: Oof. Fuck.

Ally: Damn.

Emily: Dang.

Brennan: First of all, you take off into the fucking air. So you are up, flying towards this and you hear,

Ragh: Fucking loser!

Brennan: And Ragh Barkrock -

Siobhan: God, that fucking -

Brennan: - comes running, leaps, bam, hits you mid air, fully grapples you to the ground.

        Gorgug: Ugh!

Brennan: Riz, I'm gonna need you to make a Dexterity saving throw.


Murph: 14, 18.

Brennan: You do not go prone. Now make a Strength saving throw.

Emily: Did you ever use your Bardic Inspiration?

Murph: Oh wait, hang on, wait. 14, Dexterity saving throw, sorry. Plus seven, 11, 21.

Brennan: 21 is great. You do not go prone. Go ahead and make a Strength saving throw.

Emily: Did you ever use your Bardic Inspiration?

Murph: No, I might need it for the Strength saving throw. I'm not good at Strength. 12 minus 2, 10.

Brennan: The orb goes -

Riz: I'm gonna do, I'm gonna use my Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: All right, let's see if you can get a 15.

Murph: Please, fucking five or six.

Ally: 5!

All: Yeah!

Emily: A visage of me appears and winks at you.

Murph: I need to be good at sports right now.

Brennan: You spring from there, fully on your feet. Ragh is gonna take some more swings at you, Gorgug.

Zac: Who?

Brennan: Ragh, who's on top of you. Takes a sword out from his bag. Hits you for that one. Ah, buh, buh, bum.

Siobhan: So many dice.

Brennan: You take 13 plus 17, so you take 17 points of damage halved to 8.

Zac: Okay. 71. 
Emily: Is he still flying though?

Brennan: You still are flying, but Ragh is like fully on you, slashing the sword.

Ragh: You fucking loser! You fucking go after Coach, dude, I'll fucking kill you.

Emily: My God, I wanna go after Coach now.

Brennan: So yeah, your movement was halved but you never took your action, Gorgug, actually on this turn. Because he had a readied action. So if you wanna take your action you can.

Zac: Oh, yeah. I have to get out of the grapple, so I wanna try it.

Brennan: You can deal damage to him if you want. Or you can break out of the grapple.

Zac: I'm gonna deal damage to him.

Siobhan: Fuck this kid up!

Emily: Yeah dude, purple nurple.

Ally: This is hot.

Zac: What is the effect of the damage? Is it halved or something? Because of the grapple there?

Brennan: Well no, it might be halved because he's in a rage right now.

Zac: Oh, great.

Brennan: But you are prone. So you do have disadvantage.

Zac: Okay, I'm just gonna attack him anyway.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Zac: Can I do all three of my attacks? If I never did my -

Brennan: You can do all three of your attacks.

Zac: This is my first one. Okay, so that is seven, eight, nine, 16.

Brennan: 16 hits.

Siobhan: Don't you have just one dice because you have advantage from raging?

Brennan: Unless you’re doing -

Zac: No, that's a different, after they do Reckless Attacks. So that hits, all right. Which is, uh, I hit him for 11.

Brennan: 11 points of damage, damn.  Zac: Then the next one. I've halved, obviously I guess. Oh, fuck, I had a Nat 20 in there. But the lower one is 22.

Brennan: 22, hits, yes.

Zac: So that would be 8 plus 6.

Brennan: Ooh. That's gonna be, what 14? So that's another 7? Damn.

Zac: Yes. And then my last frenzy attack. That is only a 11.

Brennan: 11 does not hit. You just see Ragh and Gorgug just rolling on the fucking rocks. Cracking the stone underneath them with the force of their hitting each other. That is going to be Fabian.

Lou: Well I guess I see that Gorgug and The Ball seem to -

Ally: Seem to have fucked it up again.

Lou: I mean no, they seem to have a handle on things. The Ball seems to have a,

Fabian: You can handle him, right The Ball?

Riz: I am a tiny goblin. And there is a giant dude with spiked shoulder pads. 
Murph: Like the goddamn road warriors from WWF. But having Daybreak near me isn’t good either.

Emily: Yeah but there’s other people, that's what -

Lou: So I'll continue to just engage Daybreak.

Murph: Just whale on that dude.

Lou: Yeah, let's whale on him.

Murph: Whale on the coach, man.

Lou: Hey, we're doing my best. Yeah, I'll take two more shots at the coach.

Fig: Dude, your dad would be so proud if you killed a coach.

Lou: 19.

Brennan: 19, that is going to hit.

Emily: Isn't that a critical hit for you?

Brennan: 19 is a critical hit.

Lou: Excuse me, that's with my attack. If it was a crit. And then, ugh, and then 10.

Brennan: All right, that's one hit though.

Lou:  For 13 again.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: And then I will bonus action to Second Wind.

Brennan: Coach Daybreak takes another 13.

Lou: And then I'm back up. We're level five right now?

Brennan: That is correct.

Lou: And I'm back up to 42.

Emily: Holy shit.

Brennan: Whoo, that is going to be Daybreak, is gonna come swinging at you again. He's gonna hit you for 12, 17 points of damage. And then I'm gonna need you to make an opposed athletics check please.

Zac: Blessed?

Emily: Blessed, Blessed.

Murph: Fabian's getting some heat. 
Lou: I'm not Blessed right now.

Emily: Oh, you’re not Blessed.

Lou: That's 19.

Ally: You guys are just rubbing it in.

Murph: You'll be able to do a touch heal on him because you're right there.

Brennan: You take another eight points of damage. As Coach Daybreak sweeps your legs out from under you, sends you to your back and goes,

Daybreak: Hey, better luck next time.

Brennan: Goes one, two, three, four, five, six, rushing towards Riz. That's gonna be Adaine. Your Web Spell ends, by the way.

Siobhan: Oh.

Emily: Remember, these people you can run away from these people because they're frightened.

Lou: But the bruiser is free.

Murph: I got some trouble down here in the back field.

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: These guys are still afraid though, right?

Brennan: Make an Arcana check.

Siobhan: 22?

Brennan: Yeah, you can tell that they've all been affected by a Fear spell.

Zac: What about, that guy's still in the -

Siobhan: Oh this guy? Oh, this guy.

Emily: I hadn't thought of that. If someone threw it to him.

Murph: Yep, that would be bad. 
Lou: Hail Mary.

Siobhan: Can I actually cast Witch Bolt as a second level spell, on this guy? So it goes once and on each of my turns for the duration you can use your action to deal 1d12 lightning damage, to the target automatically.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Do you have to roll to hit?

Siobhan: It's a ranged attack.

Brennan: Go ahead and make that spell attack.

Siobhan: 10 plus 7, 17?

Brennan: 17 hits.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Fuck yeah. Go Adaine.

Siobhan: So 9 and 7, so 16?

Brennan: 16 points of damage?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Jesus.

Brennan: You fry that skeleton. 

Emily: Yeah, that's gonna get rid of them.

Brennan: Somebody wanna hand me that bad boy.

Siobhan: And then can I keep on using Witch Bolt? Even though that guy's dead?

Brennan: Unfortunately, I don't know if you can switch targets. Let me know what the spell says, if there's anything about switching targets.

Siobhan: Target takes -

Brennan: I think once that target's toast, it's just toast.

Siobhan: Okay, I guess I'll move back to here. Just so I'm not directly
in the way of the goal.

Brennan: Sure, that's going to be the skeletons. These three skeletons fully rush off the field.

        Skeletons: Aaaah!

Murph: Yay!

Siobhan: Bye, bye.

Brennan: Cool, cool, they fully just go run fleeing. This skeleton turns and charges straight for you.

Murph: I think you just outed yourself.

Fig: But I'm a, I'm a Harvestman!

Brennan: You see, and misses you horribly, goes for the tackle and does not hit. You see the orb crackles with magical power. And you see the stone breaks around you. Skeletal arms surge up from the ground as the orb animates three skeletal warriors.

Emily: We knew there'd be some sort of regeneration.

Ally: Yeah, this was too easy.

Brennan: Around you they all take swings. What's your armor class?

Murph: 15.

Brennan: It's gonna be two hits for -

Murph: I'm gonna half one of them with my cunning - or with my Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: The one to the left or the one to your right?

Murph: The one to my left.

Brennan: That was the more damage one. You take three and then four points of damage. And you see that this skeleton over here readies an action. Riz, that's gonna be your turn.

Murph: Okay, let's see here. I am going to -

Emily: Do you have any kinda, like, sneaky shit?

Murph: I do have some stuff. I have lots of sneaky stuff. I definitely don't wanna throw the ball into the chest because that dude is right there. But I can, okay, here's my plan. I am going to use Nimble Escape as a bonus action. So I get to disengage without taking opportunity attacks.

Brennan: Woof.

Murph: And then I'm going to run sort of, I don't wanna get too close, this guy's gonna get me. I'm gonna run sort of center field. Like, around here. And then I'm gonna ready an action to throw the ball to Kristen Applebees if Daybreak comes for me. Or if the quarterback comes for me.

Brennan: Okay. Rad. 
Ally: Great.

Brennan: Cool, you disengage, no opportunity attacks. You have 30 movement, right?

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six. Here's good for you?

Murph: Yep.

Brennan: And you get ready to throw the ball if Daybreak comes for you, gotcha. That's going to be Fig.

Emily: Okay, I'm going to cast a third level Dissonant Whispers on Coach Daybreak.

Brennan: Rad.

Emily: So he has to do a Wisdom saving throw. Otherwise I will, well, no matter what I'll do 5d6, but then he might half it.

Brennan: Rad. He makes a Wisdom saving throw. What's the DC?

Emily: 16.

Brennan: Okay, you strike that lick on the bass. He turns around. He goes,

Daybreak: You can't get in here. God made it rock solid!

Brennan: And just bright light surrounds his head. You do half damage.

Emily: Yeah, okay.

Fig: Well I'm still doing damage, bitch. Also you thought I was
a Harvestman, you fool.

Emily: 9, 19, 25, half damage at 25.

Brennan: Half, 25 halved, gotcha. You see that blood starts coming out the side of his mouth as just pure rock power hits him in the face.

Emily: And then I'm gonna wink at Riz again.

Riz: Huh. Well, alright.

Fig: Don't get any ideas, because I got a little someone named Dr. Asha.

Riz: I saw, I saw.

Brennan: Kristen, it's gonna be you. 
Ally: Okay, great, I am going to reach out, touch Fabian and cast a third level Healing Word. So I get to cast as many d4's as the level. So can I borrow you guy's d4's? Because I get to roll a three.

Murph: You might wanna - because Healing Word is a ranged one, I think Cure Wounds will do more healing probably.

Lou: Yeah.

Murph: Because that'll do -

Ally: It's the number of healing of, a d8 plus my spell casting ability, which is 5.

Murph: So instead of a d4 it would be a d8.

Ally: When healing increases by a d, oh, for each level. Oh, dope, okay, yeah cool. Then I can touch him. So I go beep, beep.

Brennan: Ah rad, go ahead and roll those d8's. And don't forget to add something for Disciple of Life. It gives you more, I think, right?

Emily: Probably gives you, I think it gives you -

Ally: Dueling spell.

Emily: Two plus the spell's level I wanna say?

Brennan: Two plus the spell's level. It's a third level spell. So add five to whatever you're doing.

Ally: So I'm gonna add 5 and then I'm gonna add another 5 because that's my spellcasting ability.

Brennan: Dope.

Ally: So it's three d8's and then 10.

Brennan: Plus 10.

Murph: Sweet, here's a d8.

Ally: Thanks, can I use your d8 too?

Lou: Of course. 
Ally: Is this an 8?

Murph: Yep, yep.

Ally: Cool, all right. This is for you baby. A 7, a 7, and a 6. So that's 30, you got 30.

Lou: Wow.

Ally: Thanks guys.

Lou: Uh, incredible.

Brennan: Are you back at full?

Lou: No, I'm at 47.

Brennan: The power of whatever divinity Kristen is channeling, fills your body as your wounds -

Kristen: Remember when we all believed in the Corn God for that one round?

Fig: Now I believe in Ricky Martin.

Kristen: Outside, inside out! Living la vida loca!

Lou: Just like Latin vibes.

Kristen: Push and pull you out!

Lou: My body's just vibrating  
Brennan: Sounds of the Caribbean man.

Kristen: Living la vida loca.

Brennan: It's gonna be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, Gorgug has had enough. He just wants to get up. So is that an Athletics? So what do I do to get out of a?

Brennan: You're gonna do a Athletics check. You have advantage. And so does Ragh.

Zac: Okay. Okay, I had a 28.

Brennan: 28, oh, you bam! Kick Ragh square in the chest. He flies off of you. It's gonna take half your movement, which since you're flying, is 30, for you to get up. But you have half your movement left.

Zac: Okay, I will take my movement to stand behind Riz. In the way of -

Brennan: Oh, dope.

Zac: Yeah, the rest of my movement.

Brennan: Cool, you just get in front of Riz. Then that's going to be Ragh. Ragh stands up. And he's swinging right for Riz baby. That's gonna be -

Lou: Fuck!

Brennan: 17 damage.

Murph: Fuck!

Siobhan: First.

Brennan: And then, next takes 8 damage.

Murph: Okay. I have 15.

Brennan: Ragh just says,

Ragh: Rawh, bam, bam, bam.

Murph: This is the same turn as the skeletons got a crack at me, right?

Brennan: Yes, that's correct.

Murph: No it's not -

Brennan: Oh no, it’s after your turn -

Murph: - because they surrounded me. So I can take half of -

Brennan: One of those?

Murph: One of them.

Brennan: One of them was 17. So add 8 more points back onto that.

Murph: Good.

Brennan: That's Ragh's turn. That's gonna be Fabian.

Lou: Okay, I'd like to Action Surge. And run and grab the ball.

Murph: The Ball or the ball?

Emily: Which one?

Lou: Well, The Ball and the ball. And then I don't know. I mean, this is probably the most illogical way. But in some way, run and jump over that skeleton and attempt to throw The Ball and the ball into the chest.

Emily: No, dunk it.

Siobhan: Dunk!

Emily: Dunk!

Siobhan: Dunk.

Lou: I guess, or dunk.

Murph: Do I get sealed in Hell?

Emily: No no no, not you, not you!

Zac: Like when you're letting a baby dunk.

Lou: How much of that will you let me do?

Brennan: Here's what I'm gonna do. It's half your movement to stand up. So that's 15 right there. Rest of your movement is one, two, three. Right?

Brennan: You Action Surge, you Action Surge and you also have your other action. So you can take a dash action to one, two, three, four, five, six. Go ahead and give me, I'm gonna say, an Athletics check to grab Riz. I don't think Riz is contesting. So we'll call this a flat, to not break your movement at all. I'll say you pick him up on a 10. You pick him up without breaking your movement on a 15.

Lou: Great, let's do it.

Ally: Sorry you don't have Bless.

Lou: It's all good. It's a 17 flat, without my Athletics.

Fabian: I should be on the Bloodrush team.

Murph: He says that loudly.

Fabian: I belong on this team.

Lou: Can I make direct eye contact with Daybreak as I flawlessly just pick The Ball up?

Brennan: You see Daybreak is looking at you as you’re just sprinting past. Unbelievably he goes,

Daybreak: What the hell?

Brennan: So you still have, you've used your Action Surge to dash. You got your movement. You have your regular action remaining to get there and dunk this thing in.

Lou: I mean, if that's not possible, either as much of dunking or
shooting The Ball and the ball.

Brennan: All of this is legit, thus far. You're within movement. This guy has a readied action and is gonna come and make an athletics check against you. This is a very important athletics check. Can we bring out the Box of Doom, here real quick? Fabian Aramais Seacaster is sprinting towards the rune-covered chest at the end of the field. Here we have the Box of Doom for very important rolls. This feels pretty damn significant. I'll tell you straight up. This skeleton quarterback has got a plus five to its Athletics check.

Lou: As do I.

Emily: Ohhh.

Brennan: So it is a matter of, you need to roll one higher than this quarterback to not get grappled.

Lou: I'll take those odds.

Brennan: Go ahead and set it down right there. Three, two, one.

All: Whoa!

Lou: We both rolled like trash.

Murph: A five and a two. Just some sloppy play.

Brennan: Oh ho ho! Sloppy play. You just full on Heisman this skeleton, bam! Rush past with Riz and the ball, make it here. And I'll just need one last, just a DC. Literally a DC5, don't roll a 1 Athletics check.

Lou: 7. It looks very much like a 1 and I was -

Ally: It looked like a 1. It looked like a 1! Oh my God.

Brennan: You see, bam! You slam Riz and the ball into the chest.

Zac: Riz and the ball?

Murph: Can I jump out?

Lou: And I immediately turn and give the middle finger.

Brennan: Honestly make a DC15 Dexterity save for that.

Emily: And you’re Blessed! You have uh - Bardic Inspiration.

Siobhan: I'm gonna give him my other divination roll, which is a 16. There is no way we are dunking The Ball.

Lou: Yeah, my blood was just so, I was just so hot, in the moment, that there was no thought.

Murph: I was just on board for the ride and then -

Brennan: You leaped out. You turn around and do what to the coach?

Lou: Fucking straight up, like, 
Fabian: What's good! 
Lou: Like all of the fancy and like, the air that I care about is gone, in this moment of just pure,

Fabian: Fuck you, dog! Woooo! Wooooooo! Po-pow! Buh, buh, buh, bah! Buh, buh, buh, buh! Wooooo!

Ally: I'm doing like kind of the same thing, like, "Yeah!"

Murph: I'm trying to run up and do that butt thing that the butt buddies do.

Lou: Like -

Ally: But you’re in his knee.

Brennan: Every skeleton is straight up vaporized, off the field. Instantaneously, you hear the vaporize, of the other skeletons running away.

Emily: Yeah. We need to murder these last two.

Brennan: Incredible, Daybreak goes one, two, three, four, five, six -

Zac: Do we get an attack on him?

Emily: Are we still in combat?

Brennan: You do get an attack on him. He's gonna take an attack on you on his way past you.

Zac: Whoa. Crazy.

Brennan: And he misses that attack on you. So go ahead and take an attack on him.

Zac: Ooh, I only got a 14.

Brennan: 14 does not hit. Rushes past you. And takes, you see, he goes like,

Daybreak: Nice play, kid, but we're going overtime.

Brennan: And that's going to be Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: I mean, I'm just gonna take my full dash action. One, two, three, four, five.

Zac: If you dash can you still attack or that's your whole turn?

Siobhan: Is he 120 feet from me? This dude?

Brennan: Oh, dope.

Emily: Oh yeah, because you a sniper!
 Murph: Oh, fucking hell yeah. 
Lou: You’re a sniper. 
Siobhan: So I can do that.

Brennan: He's for sure within 120 yeah.

Siobhan: Great, I will cast Ray of Sickness on that motherfucker.

Brennan: What type of save is that again?

Siobhan: That is a Constitution saving throw.

Brennan: And what's the DC on that?

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: Incredible, you are looking at Ragh Barkrock. He sees this,

Ragh: Freak like you -

Brennan: Goes, zoom. And right in between your faces a pulsating beam of green energy hits Daybreak right in the back, in his kidneys. And you just hear the most violent, shitting of pants that's ever, you hear like a, prrrrgh, like a fucking lawnmower starting.

Ally: Oh my God.

Brennan: Him fully evacuating his bowels. His fucking sweatpants drop a full foot. He goes,

Daybreak: Arrrrrgh! Hurrrrgh!

Brennan: Snot, weeping blood, coming out of his eyes. Fully hit by the Ray of Sickness.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Oh my God.

Siobhan: So he's poisoned and he takes 6, 11 points of damage.

Brennan: 11 points of damage, awesome. He's so fucked up! Riz, that's you.

Murph: I'm going to pick up the chest. And then I'm going to run to the back like by the scoreboard and stuff and I'm gonna hide.

Brennan: Oh, you're gonna hide behind the -

Murph: He’s gonna hide.

Brennan: Dope, go ahead and give me a Stealth check. I'll say with disadvantage because you're trying to hide a big object.

Murph: Okay, cool. Not great. 2 plus 3, 13. And I'll use my Bardic Inspiration. 18!

Brennan: 18. You stuff the chest behind something as fast as you possibly can. And that's a bonus action on a turn, right?

Murph: I was gonna say I can just use a bonus action. So I'm just hiding with the chest with my gun out, just sitting there. Waiting for somebody to come out. Fucking Macauley Culkin style.

Brennan: The poisoned Coach Daybreak goes,

Daybreak: Oh God, oh God, it's time to pull out the big guns.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: Reaches into the pocket of his sweatpants, pulls out a little palimpsest, a crystal palimpsest. And goes,

Daybreak: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl,

Brennan: Shatters it on the ground and you hear and an owlbear appears on the field next to him.

Ally: Awww, shit.

Lou: I'm sorry, that's a literal owlbear?

Brennan: That's a literal owlbear. The school mascot, in terrifying three dimensional form.

Ally: Oh my Gosh.

Lou: One of the craziest things I've ever seen in my whole life.

Ally: It looks like that thing that really wants the acorn, in Ice Age.

Lou: That's incredible.

Brennan: Yeah. And this thing begins to charge Adaine.

Siobhan: Oh shit!

Murph: Whoa, they're probably fast.

Brennan: Tearing across the field towards you. But that's just its movement. It doesn't take an attack until next turn. That's going to be Fig.

Emily: Okay, if I cast Shatter are they both in a 10 foot radius sphere? Are these two gonna hit both of them?

Brennan: No, they are farther than 10 feet apart.

Emily: Okay, then I'm just going to one, two, three -

Adaine: Where are you going!

Fig: You got it girl.

Kristen: Adaine’s gonna die.

Fig: Wait, are you low, healthwise?

Adaine: I'm always low health. I'm okay, I'm okay.

Riz: Kristen Applebees is nearby.

Fabian: Hey, we'll get to you.

Emily: I think we should get rid of the coach. Okay, let's see how close you are.

Ally: That’s so funny, when they’re like, “Bye!”

Emily: And then I'm gonna say to Coach Daybreak,

Fig: Oh, I can't get in your head?

Emily: And then I'm gonna try and cast Dissonant Whispers, again. This time at a second level.

Brennan: I believe he has disadvantage now. Because of being poisoned.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: And again, that's a Wisdom saving throw. What's the DC?

Emily: 16.

Brennan: Nice, 16. Dope, full effect.

Emily: Ha, ha, got into your head bitch. Okay that's gonna be two 1s. Okay, that's gonna be 9. Probably did less damage than they did. Whatever, I'm in your head.

Brennan: How much damage is that, sorry?

Emily: That is gonna be 7 plus 2, 9.

Brennan: 9 damage, great.

Emily: And he also, he has to use his reaction to move as far as his speed allows him away from me.

Brennan: Just his reaction though, correct? Yeah, unfortunately he doesn't have a reaction available to use.

Emily: Okay and then I'm gonna look at Adaine and give her a wink.

Adaine: That's so confusing right now.

Brennan: Well, that's gonna be Kristen.

Fig: That's because I believe in you.

Adaine: Ah, great. You're like this sexual 15 year old.

        Fig: Look, I just had my first kiss.

Ally: I am going to -

Fabian: That was your first kiss, that Dwarven doctor?

Fig: He's hot.

Lou: He's old.

Riz: He's an adult man.

Lou: He's a man.

Fig: Hot.

Ally: In Elvish I say,

Kristen: What should I do?

Emily: I say WWRMD, what would Ricky Martin do?

Ally: I use my full action to dance.

Murph: There’s also the Hold Person could be helpful on either, I bet you, was it Ragh?

Brennan: Ragh.

Murph: Ragh, probably has very low wisdom, I would think. He's not a smart guy. You could keep him in place, which would be fucking helpful.

Ally: Yeah, 60, so how many squares is 60 feet?

Brennan: 60 feet is, definitely Ragh is within range. For sure.

Ally: Oh cool, then I'm just gonna move closer to Adaine.

Murph: Yeah, that's great.

Ally: Oh sorry.

Brennan: Yeah, hell yeah.

Ally: Cool, and then I cast Hold Person on Ragh.

Brennan: He's gonna make a saving throw. What's the DC on that?

Ally and Murph: 16.

Brennan: You hold your hand aloft. Power of the Heavens awaits. Ragh turns up and goes,

Ragh: What are you, argh!

Brennan: And freezes in place.

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: Hell yeah. That's going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, he can't even defend himself?

Brennan: It doesn't look great.

Zac: I'm just gonna scream and do a Reckless Attack on him. It’s just one attack with advantage, okay. Good thing I did that. One nat 1 and then 8, plus 3, plus 7, so 18.

Brennan: 18 damage?

Zac: 18 hit?

Brennan: Certainly, you hit.

Zac: Should I even roll?

Brennan: You have advantage on every attack, he's paralyzed.

Zac: Okay, great, great. So the first one does, 8 plus, 14 damage.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Zac: The next one is a Nat 20. I finally got one.

Emily: Ah, ah.

Brennan: You're gonna roll 3d12 plus -

Emily: Yes.

Zac: Wouldn't Savage Attacks on critical add additional damage?

Brennan: That means it's normally, just 2d12 is a critical. It's 3d12 because of Savage Attacks. So go ahead and roll 3d12 plus your damage modifier.

Siobhan: Savage.

Ally: Wow.

Zac: Oooh, oooh, oh wait.

Siobhan: Yeah, that's a 12.

Emily: Ooh!

Zac: Oh yeah right, okay, so 18.

Siobhan: That's a 9.

Zac: Oh, whoa! 21, 26 plus six, is 32.

Brennan: 32. Jesus Christ.

Lou: He’s just trapped in place.

Emily: Specify that we want to murder him, not just knock him out.

Siobhan: This guy should die.

Brennan: Roll another attack with advantage.

Zac: And then add my frenzy. That's gonna hit, 22.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it. Go ahead and roll d12 plus damage.

Zac: Ooh. A 16 - or, uh, an 18.

Brennan: You see as soon as he freezes, Kristen I don't know what you were assuming was gonna happen. You raise your hand up to Ragh. Him going like,

Ragh: Urrah!

Brennan: He freezes.

Ally: And I say,

Kristen: Freeze, I wanna talk to you.

Zac: I’m like,

Gorgug: Stop picking on me!

Brennan: You fucking whale, just ha, ha! Bone and blood just shower all over you. Ragh is fully fucking dead on the ground.

Zac: And I can move, so I guess -

Emily: Get Daybreak!

Zac: I'm going to run, oh, fuck, I'm gonna go this way. I'm flying.

Brennan: You're fully flying, yeah.

Zac: So I can get to here.

Emily: Oh my god, I hope you guys fight in the air.

Brennan: This would normally be Ragh's turn but he's fucking dead.

Zac: See ya.

Ally: You guys, we’re killing it this round!

Brennan: Fabian, that's you. You hear from far away. Whooom! The Hangman skids into place in front of you.

Lou: Fantastic, can I immediately mount it in and drive it straight at Coach Daybreak?

Brennan: You may absolutely do that. Incredible.

Fabian: Let's play!

Brennan: Do you want to try to knock him prone?

Lou: Hell yes.

Brennan: You may use one of your attacks to make an opposed Athletics check. I'm gonna say with advantage because you're mounted on a motorcycle.

Lou: Okay, fantastic.

Brennan: You'd have to beat a, oof, he did not roll well, you have to beat a 15, on Athletics-Strength.

Lou: And I have advantage?

Brennan: You have advantage.

Lou: The flat 16 without it, Athletics, so.

Emily and Murph: See if you crit.

Lou: Let's see, do I crit? I do not crit.

Emily: I do not crit.

Brennan: Okay and you may use your other, your extra attack this round as well if you'd like.

Lou: I would love to.

Murph: Knock his fucking head off man.

Lou: Mm. That's only 11.

Murph: Do you get advantage though? Because he would knock him prone with the first attack, right?

Brennan: Yeah, he's prone so you get an advantage.

Lou: Oh fantastic, oh ho ho, 16!

Brennan: 16 hits exactly.

Adaine: Fuck you, man! You suck as a teacher.

Lou: And then that'll be 11.

Brennan: Jesus Christ, Coach Daybreak has just blasted shit all over the inside of his sweatpants, all his skeletons are dead. Your incredible, gilded, demon motorcycle flies out of the fucking stadium. You, whooa, go astride it, run him over and stab him in the dick.

Lou: Hell yes!

Brennan: Bam, he goes, 
Daybreak: Argh, God! It didn't go right!

Brennan: It is now going to be Daybreak's turn. He leaps up and is going to rush one, two, three. He's gonna take a bunch of attacks at Fabian but they're all at disadvantage. That's a miss. Ooh, that's a hit. That's a hit as well. He deals Fabian first 11 points of damage and then 13 points of damage. So, hah, hah, slashing you with a spear.

Daybreak: You got no heart kid. You'll never be an Owlbear. Hoot, growl, hoot, growl.

Lou: I just rev the shit out of my motorcycle.

Brennan: Adaine, that's you.

Siobhan: Can I do a cone of damage upwards?

Zac: No, because I’m -

Siobhan: Because I don't wanna hit Gorgug. But I have a 30 foot cone Burning Hands. Can I put my hand underneath the fucking owlbear and go whooosh?

Brennan: You can also sidestep if you want.

Siobhan: Oh! Okay, so can I sidestep to here and I don't get an attack of opportunity?

Brennan: No attack of opportunity. In 5E, attacks of opportunity are only when you leave.

Siobhan: Oh, great, so I will do Burning Hands as a third level spell,

Murph: Dope.

Siobhan: Which is 5d6. And they have to make a Dexterity saving throw.

Brennan: Fails the Dexterity saving throw. You go full damage.

Siobhan: 5d6. 2, 8, 13, 19, and then one more? 20!

Brennan: Jesus!

Emily: Dang, Adaine has attack!

Brennan: You light up this owlbear.

Owlbear: Whooooooo! 
Brennan: Screaming hellishly. Riz, that's you.

Murph: Dope. I am going to leave the chest, pop out enough to shoot at Daybreak.

Brennan: Okay, cool, you pop out over here and take a shot at him. Go for it.

Murph: 11, 18.

Brennan: That's gonna hit.

Murph: Sweet. 7, 5, 13 damage. Plus I'll do Fury of the Small so I can add my level to that damage.

Brennan: Damn.

Murph: So, another 5.

Brennan: Fire, bam, blasts the coach in the back. The owlbear -

Murph: I'm gonna go back and hide.

Brennan: The owlbear turns and is going to attack Adaine. Ooh, that's not great.

Siobhan: Fuck, should have saved some of my -

Brennan: Adaine takes 10 points of damage.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: And then, that's from the beak. The claw deals you 16 points of damage.

Ally: 26, Jesus.

Siobhan: Okay.

Ally: How many do you have left?

Siobhan: 9.

Brennan: That is going to be Fig.

Emily: Okay, I would like to cast Suggestion on the coach. And I would like to turn to him and say, and I’ll phrase it as a suggestion,

Fig: You should tell me the names of the other teachers who are working to bring about the apocalypse with the Harvestmen.

Brennan: You cast the spell. Hits that fucking thick head and nothing.

Emily: God dammit.

Emily: All right, I wink at Kristen Applebees.

Fig: You might need it there.

Kristen: Thanks.

Brennan: Kristen, speaking of which it's your turn.

Kristen: That was weird, right? That's fucking weird.

Ally: Okay, can I do just a Perception check on the whole chest plan that we're currently working with? Just to see like, it's good that we have it in the chest.

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Ally: Uh, ooh, let's see, 16.

Brennan: Yeah, it seems like these skeletons would have kept coming back. And the main thing is that the chest locked itself again. So in other words, they don't have a full team trying to get this thing to the portal anymore.

Ally: Cool, love it. Cool, I'm gonna run as close as I can to Adaine.

Brennan: Awesome, one, two, three. Yeah, you can make it to Adaine.

Ally: Cool and then can I do a Cure Wounds?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Can I only cast that once per or it just takes a spell slot, right?

Brennan: No, it just takes a spell slot.

Ally: And that's just my second third level spell. How many could you possibly be healed by?

Siobhan: I wouldn't use a third level spell on me because I can only get to 35.

Ally: Okay, then I'm gonna use a second level of that.

Brennan: Dope.

Ally: All right, Adaine. 16!

Siobhan: Great, thank you.

Ally: And then I, ah, wink at you.

Adaine: It's just not the same when you do it. I don't know what it is.

Brennan: That's gonna be Gorgug.

Zac: All right, I'm taking a step at this owlbear.

Siobhan: Take him into the sky.

Zac: Yeah, is it flying? Can we fight in the air?

Brennan: It doesn't look like it can fly, actually.

Gorgug: Face me in the air!

Zac: I come back down to the ground. I'm just gonna take a Reckless Attack on this guy.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: And that's a 28 not, uh -

Brennan: That hits.

Murph: That hits, believe it or not.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: So I hit it for 11.

Brennan: Wham, roll again. Roll another time.

Zac: Okay, I hit, well that's a 24.

Brennan: Hits, go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: Okay. That's 18, 18 damage on that one.

Brennan: Oh Jesus.

Ally: Wow.

Zac: I'm frenzied here.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: That hits for sure.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll.

Zac: Another 11.

Brennan: Another 11 damage?

Ally: Oooh!

Siobhan: It’s nuts.

Brennan: You come up as this thing turns to Adaine after she's healed. You raise your ax up and after two blows fully decapitate this beautiful creature.

Gorgug: Arrrgh!

Brennan: Aaaaahh!

Gorgug: It's so beautiful. I'm sorry!

Adaine: Oh my God, Kristen, can you heal it?

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Please, I can't kill an animal.

Ally: Can you cast Bardic Inspiration on it?

Murph: Guys, it almost killed you.

Emily: Yes, I cast Bardic Inspiration just on the head.

Brennan: Fabian, that's you.

Ally: And still the head is like,

Owlbear’s Decapitated Head: What did that mean?

Lou: It is possible to drag Coach Daybreak with the motorcycle?

Zac: Your attacks with him are so spiteful.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: You would have to make an Athletics grapple check.

Lou: Happily.

Brennan: To drag him. So go ahead and roll, no advantage this time so you're just rolling a flat athletics. I'll tell you what the coach gets, what you have to beat. The coach got a 16. You have to beat a 16.

Lou: With Athletics?

Brennan: With an Athletics check you have to beat a 16.

Lou: Okay, great. 18 out flat, without my Athletics, 23.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll 2d6 for me.

Lou: Fuck yes. I've always wanted to drag this motherfucker.

Emily: Can I spit on him as he passes, drags him by?

Kristen: Once again, this guy's kind of a role model for me growing up.

Lou: 9.

Brennan: You flip the Hangman around, rush past him and his spear, skewer the thick doughy back of his sweatshirt,

Lou: Oh, yeah.

Brennan: And fully, where do you want to go? What direction?

Lou: Towards Gorgug.

Brennan: Towards Gorgug?

Emily: Do it in a way that I can spit on him as he goes by.

Lou: Can I do a, like a round thing?

Brennan: Oh, full Tokyo Drift?

Lou: Hell yeah.

Emily: Can I roll to see how green and gross my spit is?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Emily: Okay, it's a 6, a 9.

Brennan: Solidly gross. You hock a loogie into his eye, bam-bam-bam! His head bouncing off of the pavement. Dragged by your motorcycle.

Emily: Oh my God.

Ally: Jesus Christ.

Fabian: I don't have any heart? You stupid motherfucker!

Ally: I'm starting to have a change of heart about my friends. Really bloodthirsty.

Emily: What if we decapitate Daybreak and then swap the heads of the owlbear and Daybreak.

Gorgug: Let's do it!

Ally: This is really, actually freaking me out.

Brennan: Daybreak - Make another opposed Athletics check.

Lou: Got it.

Brennan: Okay, you have to beat a 24.

Murph: Do you have Bless?

Lou: No, I don't have Bless. I do not beat the 24.

Brennan: He removes himself from the bike, moves here and is gonna take his attacks on Kristen Applebees.

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Ally: All right, never mind. Wait, this is so terrible.

Murph: He's such a bad guy. He was trying to bring about the apocalypse. We can kill him with a motorcycle.

Zac: We can drag him to death.

Lou: Because, listen up. Everyone just dodge. Yeah, let's just attach him to my motorcycle.

Brennan: You take 14 and then 16 and then 15 points of damage.

Ally: What!

Emily: Oh my God!

Ally: That's 45, that's insane. I'm down to 10.

Brennan: Yeah, you see that Daybreak gets up. Just, Whoa, whoa! Looks at you and says,

Daybreak: You befriended these heretics and liars? You have rejected our faith, Kristen! You could have brought about an end to this wicked world.

Ally: Aw, fuck. This is really triggering for me.

Brennan: That's going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: He's not responded to any of your Wisdom saving throw spells, right?

Emily: I have one that I got on him. So it's not like he's immune to it. I think he has high Wisdom, so he rolls pretty well.

Siobhan: Okay, well I guess I'll try casting Tasha's Hideous Laughter on him.

Brennan: Okay. His thick dense skull bats the spell away. He's just frothing at the mouth with rage.

Siobhan: Sorry, then I'm just gonna move a little bit.

Brennan: Sure, sure, sure. Riz, that's you baby.

Murph: Okay, you know what? I think the gun is technically a shortbow. So I think that's 80 feet. How far is that?

Brennan: You can take a full movement towards it and be within range.

Emily: You could be around here.

Murph: I can't leave the chest. I don't want him to get the chest. I am gonna go back into Kevin McAllister mode. But this time I would like to kind of climb up and take my rapier out. And be ready to jump on somebody who comes for the chest.

Brennan: Cool, you fully prepare your action.

Murph: And I go like this,

Riz: Ahhhh!

Ally: And we're like, "What was that?"

Zac: It was so cool, right? Before that?

Brennan: Fig, that's you.

Emily: All right, let's do this old school. I'm just gonna come over here and swing my fucking bass at him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: Fuck him up!

Emily: Does 11 hit?

Brennan: It does not.

Emily: Well the good news is, Healing Word. I'll give you a Healing Word for -

Ally: Oh nice! You have it too?

Emily: Yeah, it's not that much, though, unfortunately.

Ally: That's okay.

Emily: And I only have a first level. Oh, God it's so bad. 9!

Ally: Thank you.

Emily: Better than nothing.

Emily: Oh yeah, that was my bonus, nevermind.

Brennan: Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Ally: I'm so hurt.

Emily: Heal yourself. You know, sometimes you need some self care.

Ally: Yeah, you know what? Yeah, I'm gonna heal myself with a second level Cure Wounds. Which is a d8?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Dope.

Murph: Second level would be two, yeah.

Ally: Sick. Alright, fuck you Daybreak. Hell yeah, 23.

Brennan: That is now going to be Gorgug.

Zac: I'm gonna look over at this mess behind me and fly,

Murph: Forgot that you’re flying.

Lou: Oh my God.

Zac: Around here and say,

Gorgug: Fight me in the sky!

Zac: And begrudgingly kind of land. I mean, let's face it, I'm gonna Reckless Attack on this man.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Yeah, we got him surrounded.

Zac: Oh yeah, 17 plus 24.

Brennan: That will hit.

Zac: That hits for 15.

Brennan: Okay, roll again.

Zac: Then, I don't get advantage on that one. Sorry, I forgot, it's just the first one. So that would be, that's

Brennan: That's gonna hit, yeah.

Zac: That is 13.

Brennan: 13 damage? Cool, awesome, roll again.

Zac: Frenzy.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Zac: So that is only 13 - no, that’s 14.

Brennan: 14 is a miss. You wham, wham, slash into his back. You see that his sweatshirt, in tatters, falls off his body. It's covered in blood. Has these like old, gray chest hairs. Surrounded on all sides. Oh, you miss on that last one. He's going to actually take a reaction. What's your armor class?

Zac: Armor class is 14.

Brennan: He hits you for 20 points of damage.

Zac: Halved?

Brennan: Halved to 10.

Lou: He's very strong.

Zac: I'm at 61.

Emily: He is flying. Does that affect it?

Ally: I guess I can try to heal you if I'm around - I know, I’m kidding.

Lou: He's six feet one.

Brennan: Fabian, that is you.

Lou: All right, can I attack him? And then can my motorcycle also attack him?

Brennan: Sure.

Lou: Great, so I guess I'll attack. 20, not nat.

Brennan: 20 hits.

Lou: 19, not nat.

Brennan: Hits as well.

Lou: 14 damage, and then 9 damage.

Brennan: You lunge forward on the Hangman as he turns, momentarily, to see the flying Gorgug behind him, horribly injured by the ax. As he turns around, he presents one moment of weakness. Which is all you need for your rapier to flash forward and blood gushes out of his slit throat. He falls to his knees.

Daybreak: Still… got… no heart.

Fabian: Funny thing about that. I might be taking yours.

Emily: Daaang!

Lou: And then for a second, I consider actually removing a man's heart from his chest. And I'm,

Fabian: That's something my father would do. It's a little too much.

Emily: I say,

Fig: Hey Fabian, what's going on? You're kind of slowly, you're mouthing some stuff to yourself? Are you talking to yourself?

Fabian: Sorry, I was thinking about actually -

Brennan: As you guys check in with each other emotionally, Coach Daybreak falls to the ground and dies.

Lou: Can I remove his whistle?

Brennan: Yes, you may remove his whistle.

Emily: I want to run over to Ragh and put my boot on his throat. So that whenever he comes to, I can interrogate him.

Brennan: Okay, you go put your boot on his throat, cool.

Emily: Just be ready for that.

Brennan: Does anyone else take an action right now?

Murph: Yeah, I will join -

Emily: Bring the chest.

Murph: I'm gonna bring the chest and I'm gonna join Fig there. And I'm gonna call for everybody else to come around.

Zac: I’m gonna see if I - Would I ever be able to use his weapon?

Brennan: His weapon? Possibly, I'll also point out again that when I say dies, I mean he drops. So Coach Daybreak and Ragh are both dropped right now.

Zac and Emily: Okay.

Murph: For sure kill Daybreak. But we should talk to this guy.

Emily: Let's kill Daybreak. I've got Whisper of Terrors, that I've been meaning to use. I don't know if we'll do it this session or next. But I've got Whisper of Terrors and I'd like to -

Adaine: Let's tie him up. Because also, we just killed the coach. We already killed two teachers.

Riz: They’re monsters.

Fig: I was gonna say, you could also take Daybreak's outfit and I could impersonate him. But his pants are full of shit.

Adaine: It’s full of shit and his clothes are all cut up.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check?

Brennan: Go make a Perception check.

Siobhan: Yeah, I would like to do that too.

Riz: Can you guys for sure kill this God monster? He's not a good guy.

Fig: I think we killed Daybreak.

Ally: 16.

Emily: Whooo, he got a Nat 20.

Zac: I got a Nat 20.

Brennan: A Nat 20 on a what? Perception?

Zac: Perception check.

Brennan: You look over and see that as you guys are discussing what to do, you see that Ragh, the paralysis ends on him and he's fully dead.

Emily: Oh, Ragh is fully dead?

Brennan: I just rolled three failures in a row for his death saves. I've been keeping track. He's been dead for a couple rounds. So I've been rolling on his turn.

Zac: Can we Revivify him? What’s that’s called?

Murph: You do have a Revivify.

Ally: I do, yeah.

Zac: Do we want to?

Brennan: Do you have a third level spell slot left?

Ally: Oh no, oh yeah I do. I have one third level spell slot left.

Adaine: He's a student. He's a piece of shit but I don't wanna kill him.

Fig: I mean if we bring him back to life, my thought is, I have this Whisper of Terrors thing, where I can basically make him super paranoid for an hour.

Riz: Can you guys kill Coach Daybreak? Anybody over there just kill him?

Fabian: You want to kill him?

Gorgug: He's dead right?

Fig: He’s gonna pop back up.

Murph: He's rolling death saving throws. Riz walks over and shoots Daybreak in the head.

Lou: Christ!

Brennan: Bam, yeah, he's fully coup de gras.

Riz: He’s a fucking, like, demon who wanted to cause the apocalypse. We can save the kid.

Fig: Save the kid.

Fabian: Yeah but he still gave me detention, all right?

Murph: I keep shooting him.

Emily: Can I do a Perception check on this chest?

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Emily: Oh wow, it's hard to add up all those numbers but this could be a 4.

Brennan: This, that man, it's possible that this is an illusion. And that this is some -

Emily: I put my hand through it.

Brennan: You hurt your hand as you jab it, kind of too hard, with your fingers.

Siobhan: Is my Detect Magic still working?

Brennan: Yes, it is.

Siobhan: What the fuck is going on?

Brennan: The chest has some runic element on it that was probably a one time thing that they were able to open. They must have used some kind of scroll or special use effect to open the chest to begin with. You see that it has powerful conjuration runes all over it, which have to do with teleportation and opening portals to other worlds. Correspondence magic, basically.

Emily: Can we rub off all those runes?

Brennan: They're deeply carved into the metal and wood of the chest.

Murph: We gotta make a decision about Ragh. Because Revivify only works a minute after they're dead.

Brennan: I'm gonna say that you have 20 seconds to make a call before--

Murph: I think we should save him. He's a student.

Adaine: Yeah, save him. He's a kid, it's the shitty coach.

Emily: I’m tying him up. I’m tying him up.

Ally: I Revivify.

Emily: I'm tying him up with amp cords.

Murph: Yeah, we're around him.

Brennan: Kristen, you run over. You guys are all -

Zac: Can I say just put him in a headlock too?

Brennan: Sure, so as you Revivify you get fully underneath him but on his back.

Murph: Bare naked choke style.

Brennan: Incredible. You guys fully move around. You see that Ragh -

Riz: You lost, man.

Adaine: Yeah, guess what, bitch? You're our bitch now.

Gorgug: I got you nooow, dude.

Emily: I'm gonna use my Whisper of Terrors. Which means that I'll seed paranoia in him.

Fig: The Harvestmen sold you out.

Ragh: What?

Fig: Yeah, Coach Daybreak, he sold you out. He wanted us to kill you.

Ragh: Coach Daybreak would never sell me out. I'm number one. Coach Daybreak is number one.

Riz: Why did he give Fabian his whistle?

Fig: He said you had no heart.

Ragh: That's not true, Owlbear through and through. Hoot growl, go Owlbear.

Fig: He had me take your letterman jacket away.

Zac: Can someone go get the owlbear's head?

Riz: We don't even know for a fact that he wasn't under some spell. We're just bullying this recently dead boy.

Adaine: He's been bullying us the whole time.

Gorgug: He's been really fucking with me, okay? He's been really fucking with me.

Riz: He gave me the nickname The Ball and threw me in the trash, but he's dead.

Fig: I have to tell you, I have to tell you for your own good. And this is Whispered Terrors shit, you have to transfer to Mumple School.

Brennan: Now how does this ability work? What are you doing to this guy? What's happening?

Emily: If you speak to a humanoid for one minute you can seed paranoia. And at the end they make a Wisdom saving throw. And if they fail they're frightened for one hour.

Brennan: Okay, so he goes,

Ragh: No, don't send me to Mumple. Don't send me to Mumple.

Fig: You're ruined here. You have to go to Mumple and try and start over.

Ragh: No way, no way. Owlbear forever. Oh I feel sick.

Adaine: Everybody here is calling you shit pants.

Ragh: Why, why?

Fig: You shit Coach's pants.

Zac: Hold up Coach's pants.

Ragh: I'm wearing my pants. I'm wearing my pants.

Gorgug: You shit in his pants. We switched the pants.

Riz: We hooked you up man.

Gorgug: We fucking switched their pants dude!

Riz: Here's the deal man, here's the deal. During the game you passed out and you shit yourself. But we're Owlbears to the core too.

Fabian, Adaine, and Fig: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl.

Riz: So we switched you out of your sweatpants.

Fig: Out of a favor for you. But if you cross us, we will tell everyone that you shit your pants.

Adaine: Little baby shit pants.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and make whatever rolls you people -

Murph: Our roll is that the official roll is that we wanna, if he doesn't, if he doesn't join us we're gonna tell everyone he shit his pants.

Emily: What do I have to roll?

Brennan: Okay the effects of this roll. That's gonna be an Intimidate check. You guys can also choose to, as a group just to give aid and give advantage to somebody else.

Emily: Just give it to me. I have 8 Intimidation.

Brennan: So go ahead and roll with advantage.

Emily: Okay. Nat 20!

Ally: No way!

Adaine: You're going to Mumple's, bro!

Ragh: Whatever you want. I'll do whatever you want. But you can't tell people that I shit my pants. You can't tell people that I shit my pants.

Fig: For the rest of our tenure at this school you will defend us with your body to anyone who tries to say anything bad about us, smear our names, even so much as cheat off of us on a test. You will destroy them.

Adaine: Yeah, you think that we're really cool. And you're gonna vote for Fabian for prom king.

Kristen: Fabian and Fig. Prom king and queen.

Fig: Oh yeah, Fabian and Fig. Yeah sure, I'll take it.

Gorgug: Also, what happened here?

Riz: What was the coach having you do, man?

Brennan: That's all our time for this week on Fantasy High. Tune in next week to see the continuing saga of our heroes choking out this jock on the field, making him promise to protect them.

Siobhan: It just feels so good. 
Gorgug: We freaking got you, dude.

[EPISODE11]

Brennan: Hello and welcome to Fantasy High! My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan, these are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: I love it more every time now. Guys, last we left off, we were on the Bloodrush field, Coach Daybreak had been shot in the back of the head, after being stabbed through the neck, after being axed in the back, after being made to violently shit his pants.

Brennan: You guys -

Siobhan: Fuck that guy!

Murph: He deserved everything that came to him.

Emily: He truly did! Well I hope it was a real runny shit.

Brennan: You guys stand over the body of Ragh Barkrock, who's weeping, terrified of you guys and Fig's insane, potent, necromantic, bardic, fiendish magicks. You see that Ragh is just weeping on the ground beneath you going,

Ragh: Whatever you guys need, I swear to God, I swear to God, whatever you guys need, I'll do whatever you want.

Zac: I'm not choking him out anymore?

Brennan: You can be if you'd like.

Zac: I think I let go.

Brennan: You let go, he gets up and does the like -

Fig: First things first. I need you to, I need you to -

Adaine: Say it.

Fig: Kneel before Gorgug and tell him he's a big strong man.

Fabian: What's happening?

Riz: This feels unnecessary.

Brennan: Ragh kneels before Gorgug and says,

Ragh: You're a fucking big strong man, dude. You're a big strong man, you took me out, dude. Fucking took me out, dude, fuck.

Gorgug: Uh.

Fig: Does that feel good? I can call him off.

Gorgug: It doesn't feel good, honestly.

Fig: Okay, never mind, sorry, I thought that'd be therapeutic.

Riz: You could just ask him to apologize and let it be.

Gorgug: I appreciate that though.

Fabian: It feels like we're done here, would you agree with that, Gorgug?

Riz: What happened?

Kristen: We have a lot of questions for him, right?

Emily: I take out my flask of Dwarven vodka and pass it around.

Adaine: No, that has Friends still cast on it.

Fig: No, no, no, that's a different one.

Adaine: Oh, you cleaned it out?

Fig: I got it from the liquor cabinet.

Riz: Ragh, have a drink with us.

Ragh: You guys are fucking freshmen, what the fuck?

Adaine: Yeah, we're cool freshmen, we've been telling you.

Ragh: Yeah, I guess so. You fucking just killed Coach Daybreak.

Adaine: Yeah, but 'cause he was trying to kill us.

Fig: Speaking of which -

Riz: What was he trying to do? He had this ball, he wanted to - Do you really want the apocalypse, Ragh?

Ragh: What?

Riz: I know you like the coach, but he was trying to destroy the world.

Ragh: No way, dude, what are you talking about?

Gorgug: What did you think was happening?

Riz: You see that freaking dark, that portal?

Ragh: What did I think was happening, dude? Dude, Coach was like, Ragh, we're going, dude, and I was like, yes, and I fucking got in the van, and then he's fucking, we went to this big, it was like a house with like, no beds, and like, so many chairs and like, benches and stuff.

Fig: Was it in a bank?

Fabian: I think it's a church, you're talking about a church? You've never been to a church before?

Adaine: You don't know what a church is?

Riz: Holy shit, Ragh.

Fabian: Do you know what a church is?

Ragh: Dude, fuck off, dude, fuck off my back.

Riz: Okay, okay, alright, you went to this house -

Fig: Fuck off his back.

Riz: - with no beds.

Fig: Fuck off his back.

Fabian: I'm not going to fuck off his back.

Kristen: This bench house.

Riz: This bench house. What happened at the bench house?

Ragh: So the bench house, he went and he like, took a scroll, and he did a thing where like, the stone got like, fucking sad or whatever, and then when -

Kristen: And you were able to pull it out by hand, right?

Ragh: I fucking, he said, he said, "Ragh, flip out," and I fucking flipped out and I fucking got it out of the wall, dude.

Fig: Was Porter there?

Ragh: Huh?

Fig: Was Porter there, the teacher, the barbarian teacher?

Adaine: You're obsessed with this teacher, and he has nothing to do with anything.

Fig: I'll catch him. I'll catch him yet.

Kristen: Look, Ragh, I have a question, okay? To start from the beginning, remember that day when I think either you shoved into me and threw my bible or someone else did but you were around? Do you remember that?

Gorgug: The first day of school.

Kristen: Yeah, the first day of school.

Ragh: First day of school. Oh, I fucking took the ball and I fucking dunked the ball.

Riz: You did.

Kristen: It was very cool. Look, but about the bible -

Riz: You also dunked a bible. Do you remember the second dunk of the day?

Ragh: Yeah, yeah, I fucking chucked your book into the fucking kitchen, dude!

Kristen: Yeah, my Book of Helio, you did, that was great. Did you do anything to the book first? Or did you just take the book out of my hands and throw what you took?

Ragh: Fucking smack and grab and three points!

Kristen: I hate you more each moment.

Riz: Okay, what -

Ragh: I was, but, I didn't - I regret doing that.

Kristen: Huh.

Gorgug: Did someone tell you to do that?

Ragh: No, no one told me to do it. I regret it 'cause Coach fucking chewed my ass out. He was like, "What were you doing, why did you do that?" And I was like, "She bore false witness, Coach! I was trying to make you" -

Kristen: Oh, so Coach was really mad that you did that?

Ragh: He was so pissed and he was like, "You have no idea the forces you're meddling with!" And I was like, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I love" -

Riz: Do you love the coach, Ragh?

Kristen: Do you -

Ragh: Fuck you!

Brennan: And he swings and just clocks.

Fig: I will tell everyone that you shit your pants.

Brennan: He deals a straight 5 points of damage to you.

Murph: I wanna Uncanny Dodge him, so I'll go like that,

Riz: Ow, that still hurt, but.

Zac: I'm gonna, can I grapple him?

Brennan: Uh yeah, go for it.

Zac: What check is that?

Brennan: That's an opposed athletics check.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: Can I intimidate him?

Brennan: You can go ahead and intimidate him if you like.

Zac: I got a 19.

Brennan: Oh, rad, okay.

Emily: I got a, intimidation, I got a 25.

Brennan: 25, you get up behind him and he's like,

Ragh: Get off me, dude, get off me, dude! You guys talking about my coach!

Brennan: And you walk up in front of him.

Fig: What did I tell you?

Ragh: Sorry, it's just people, sorry, I fucked up.

Riz: Ragh, I'm sorry.

Ragh: It's just, when people say that I have feelings, it's like, fuck you, I never do.

Adaine: He, Ragh -

Fig: You should just cry.

Adaine: Here is an idea that I think that you should take.

Fig: Cry, let yourself cry right now, or -

Gorgug: Cry, yeah, cry.

Fig: Let yourself cry.

Riz: Don't bully -

Fig: It will feel good!

Gorgug: Cry, do it.

Adaine: Hey -

Gorgug: Cry.

Fig: Crying feels really good.

Brennan: You see that a, like, spheres of tears form, and he just squinches his face and pushes the water back into his -

Ally: Can I cast Thaumaturgy and have like, the sound of like sweet music that you could cry to just play in his ears like sad crescendos.

Riz: Guys, this is bullying.

Emily: Can I create a minor illusion of -

Gorgug: He hit you.

Emily: Of a puppy cleaning a kitten?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: So this music starts, this distant choral music, and you just see a little puppy cleaning a kitten, and you see he goes,

Ragh: Oh fuck, they're natural enemies but they're just helping each other.

Kristen: Whoa. Is he barking?

Fabian: Is this, is this what you wanted?

Brennan: Just huge, you see tears with like, weird backed-up gunk from his tear ducts begins to like, sludge out of his eyes down his face.

Ragh: What's happening? You fucking hit me, dude, I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding out of my eyes!

Kristen: You're not, it's not blood, it's just tears.

Riz: You're just crying. It's water.

Fig: It feels good to cry.

Ragh: I'm a big man, I'm a big man, I'm a big man -

Kristen: Yeah, big men cry.

Fig: It's like if you didn't jerk off for a while, you would need to sometimes.

Ragh: Oh, I fucking jerk off.

Kristen: Your eyes are jerking off right now.

Fig: Your eyes are jerking -

Ragh: Wait, they're, is that true?

Kristen: Yeah, you're cumming, good for you.

Ragh: Oh, yeah, dude, I can fucking, I'm so good at sex, I fucking come out of my eyes when I feel this way.

Kristen: Are we helping or hurting?

Fabian: Is this what we -

Riz: What are you guys doing?

Fabian: This is not what we wanted.

Gorgug: I don't know, he hit you.

Riz: Adaine, what did you wanna say?

Adaine: I think that you need to go and work on your emotions, and like, maybe you can just like, go take a druid class or something. Like, plant some trees or some shit.

Ragh: Fucking plant trees, more like fucking -

Gorgug: You're not cool, okay?

Riz: Ragh, what else did you and Coach do? And don't just talk about sports. What did you guys do that was like the pulling the doorway out of the -

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: House with no beds? AKA a church, for future reference.

Ragh: Oh, there was some shit like, he told me, like, if Zayn, you know that fucking weird kid?

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: Sure.

Ragh: If Zayn ever like, asked for help, or I like was supposed to keep an eye on him if he ever like, went to a teacher or looked like he was like, getting friendly with people that I was supposed to fucking kick his ass. Like, keep him alone, like -

Riz: Did you ever go to his apartment?

Ragh: Zayn?

Riz: Yeah.

Ragh: No, dude, that guy fucking sucks, he's lame.

Murph: Can I see if he's lying?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and make an insight check.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'll do that too.

Murph: 5, I think I might with my, I might get advantage on that stuff, or else maybe it just goes up to 10 automatically on a roll?

Brennan: Sure, if you want -

Murph: I have, I have plus 8 to it, so it's like a 13.

Brennan: Uh, that certainly beats any deception that he would have.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You look at this guy, and Riz, you get a sinking feeling in your stomach, which is that this fucking jamoke is a goon, dumb muscle -

Murph: He doesn't know shit?

Brennan: Doesn't know shit.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: I think that's what I figured as well. That's why I was trying to help him work through his feelings.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: What about -

Adaine: Hey, do you know where Coach lived? Have you ever been to Coach's house?

Ragh: Dude, all the time, dude. Coach would like, get me over there, we'd like just drink a fucking bunch of punch, we'd talk about sports and stuff.

Fig: Yeah, bring us, let's go.

Adaine: Yeah, let's go.

Kristen: I want punch, let's go!

Gorgug: Wait, okay. We can go. I just have one more question. Was there ever anyone besides Coach like, telling you to do stuff?

Fabian: Yes, specifically dressed like a scarecrow?

Fig: Or Porter.

Kristen: Okay, look, it's not Porter.

Adaine: It's definitely not Porter.

Brennan: He's like,

Ragh: That's a weird thing to ask.

Gorgug: Why?

Ragh: 'Cause like, Coach was the fucking boss, and he didn't take shit from anybody, but the day after the shit happened with that corn in the cafeteria he looked more fucked up and scared than I've ever seen him. Like, he looked shook, and I was like, "Coach, everything okay?" And he told me to hit the showers, and I was like, "It's breakfast," and I was like, "I shouldn't do that."

Gorgug: You just take a shower?

Ragh: He would tell me to take a shower sometimes.

Gorgug: How often were you taking showers?

Ragh: I take like four showers, five showers a day.

Fabian: It’s one of his phrases. He told me to take a shower after trials, and I was like, why would I take a shower?

Gorgug: But you actually take the showers?
        
Ragh: Dude, when Coach says fucking jump, I say please, love--

Kristen: That's definitely the saying.

Riz: Is Coach like, your dad? Or like -

Ragh: What did you say, dude? Did you know that, did someone tell that to you?

Riz: Uh.

Kristen: Was Coach your dad?

Ragh: Did someone say that? Coach was my dad because I was -

Ally: Can I do an insight check on what the fuck is going on? 3. 

Brennan: He goes,

Ragh: I always thought Coach was my dad, and like, so if you heard anything -

Riz: I don't think he's your dad.

Gorgug: I know what it's like to not -

Riz: I know he feels like a father figure to you -

Gorgug: Fully understand who your dad is, and think that, specifically the coach was your dad. I've been there.

Fig: Although -

Riz: Yeah, he's been there.

Brennan: Ragh sort of like quiets everybody, even though he's completely shit upon right now, and he, he like, you still have him like this, and he leans his head around to get his mouth near, so he can see up into your eyes, kind of, and he goes, dude, you don't know who your dad is?

Gorgug: Not my real dad.

Ragh: Dude, I don't know, I don't know who my dad is either.

Gorgug: Yeah, I mean, it's hard, right? Oh.

Brennan: He just gives you a little kiss on the cheek.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: Alright, that feels like a sign that we should depart.

Kristen: I kinda wanna ride this out.

Riz: I kinda wanted to see where this was going.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: I know.

Fig: I'm here for it.

Kristen: I just, I - I have so many questions and some of them are being answered right now.

Ragh: You just, you get me, dude.

Gorgug: Okay.

Ragh: I'm sorry I fucking, dude, I was out of line, dude, and honestly? Owlbears would be fucking lucky to have you, dude, 'cause you fucking ran the field, dude, and I fucked up -

Gorgug: Thanks, dude.

Ragh: I'm sorry, dude.

Fig: I have one more question. Not Sam, but what was her, Penelope, how was, we weren't at school today, how's Penelope doing?

Ragh: Penelope, she's alright, I guess. She's like, she's so fucking weird, 'cause fucking like Dayne is so cool, and he's constantly hanging out with fucking like Penelope, you know what I mean? And it's like, okay, she can't play Bloodrush, so what's, what's going on?

Fig: Cool, great intel, great intel, thanks, thanks.

Kristen: Do you ever think about, have you ever had any dreams about him?

Ragh: Dayne?

Kristen: Yeah.

Ragh: Tons, dude!

Kristen: Yeah, like, what happens?

Ragh: I had a dream where he was like a unitaur, you know, like a unicorn-centaur, right? Where he had like the legs of a horse, and then it was his body and centaurs don't wear shirts.

Kristen: Yeah, of course.

Gorgug: Did he have a horn?

Fig: And then a phallic horn.

Ragh: And then he had a horn, and he was like, “Ragh, I know where our dad is, and you need to get on my back.”

Adaine: Do you think Dayne is your brother?

Ragh: He said it and I got super sad, but I didn't understand why. And then I got on his back and we just rode for like, forever, just forever, and I just -

Kristen: How were you holding on to, like, so that you wouldn't fall off?

Ragh: I was just normal, like horse, but I had my hands wrapped around his like, front part, you know like, human torso? And I had to like, be kind of back, scooched back, 'cause I was naked so I didn't have, so like my shit was getting hit by like the horse body.

Siobhan: I use Message to in the quietest little whisper of a voice as if it's coming from his own brain, just whisper,

Adaine: I think you're gay, dude.

Brennan: You see that -

Siobhan: Just like really quietly.

Brennan: He hears a voice and you see he just goes

Gorgug: Hey, hey.

Kristen: Whoa!

Gorgug: God, maybe I shouldn't be -

Ragh: Shut up, dude! Who said it?

Kristen: Huh?

Ragh: What's up?

Gorgug: I think maybe I shouldn't be just holding him like this.

Kristen: I mean, it's fine.

Fabian: This feels like it's going rather far, if I do say so.

Riz: Ragh, I think you just need to take some time, and you just need to think about some stuff.

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: I think you're gonna be a lot happier of a person if you just kind of -

Fabian: Truly, go see Jawbone tomorrow and I don't know -

Riz: Go see Jawbone.

Adaine: Yeah, go see Jawbone.

Riz: You should talk about this dream to Jawbone.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Mm-hm.

Ragh: The fucking werewolf dude?

Gorgug: Yeah, he's pretty cool.

Riz: He's pretty rad, right?

Ragh: I guess I -

Fabian: He does a lot of drugs.

Ragh: Word?

Fabian: Yes.

Ragh: Dude, Jawbone sounds sick. I'll fucking talk to Jawbone.

Fabian: Hell yeah, dude.

Fig: Yeah, you should.

Riz: I think you're gonna be a much happier person.

Ragh: Alright, whatever, you fucking losers. Thank you so much for talking to me.

Zac: I let go.

Riz: You're not a bad guy, Ragh.

Kristen: Yeah, you're a good guy.

Fig: Ragh, we're glad we brought you back to life.

Brennan: You say that and he just fully bursts into tears. But he doesn't move so it's just and pure rivers, there's not intervals between tears, just pure rivers of tears just.

Kristen: Oh.

Ragh: No one's ever said that to me before.

Riz: We're really proud of you, Ragh. You showed good hustle out there, man.

Ragh: If anyone talks shit about you guys around them, I'll, I'm gonna fuck them, alright?

Kristen: Okay.

Ragh: Fuck them.

Kristen: Well -

Riz: It just depends on -

Ragh: I'm gonna, I'm gonna eat their shit, dude!

Riz: No, you don't have to do that.

Kristen: Great.

Fig: Fuck them and then eat their shit.

Gorgug: Try it one more time. Just one more time.

Riz: Just keep an eye out for us. If somebody tries to like dunk me, you just stop it you know, you don't need to -

Fig: Yeah, no, I think you should fuck them and -

Ragh: Anyone talks shit about you, dude, I'm gonna fucking get in there.

Adaine: And like, maybe just listen to some chiller music.

Ragh: What?

Gorgug: I think we got you kind of -

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: Yeah, we're good.

Fig: Wait, will you tell us where Coach's house is?

Riz: Ragh, hit the showers.

Fig: Before you hit the showers -

Brennan: He just sprints towards the showers as fast as he fucking can.

Fig: Did we find out where Coach's house was?

Riz: No, I don't think so.

Fig: Don't you guys wanna go to snoop through Coach's house?

Riz: Do you wanna go to Coach's house?

Adaine: I definitely do.

Gorgug: We could - we could probably look at -

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: Ragh, where does Coach live?

Ragh: He lives down the street, man, he lives over by the old Church of Sol!

Riz: Cool, thanks man.

Adaine: Thank you.

Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: I'm gonna now enter a period of downtime with you guys. I know that's a little bit surprising to say, but we're going to actually do a little bit of narrative montaging right now.

Emily: Cool.

Brennan: You guys arrive at Coach Daybreak's house later that day and you find an insane fucking cult, shadow, spikes, dungeon-y, weird, flagellating religious stuff all over the apartment. You find names of all the people in town that are involved with the Harvestmen. You find all this incriminating shit. You find research about Hellmouths, opening them inside a person, Perditional Contradoxy, you find about opening a Hellmouth inside of a portal, using a portal to do it, tons and tons of incriminating shit here. What do you guys do, having discovered all this?

Murph: I think is there anything about anybody on the police force that is involved with the Harvestmen? Before we decide to call the cops.

Siobhan: I mean -

Emily: I don't think we should call the cops no matter what.

Brennan: There are a couple of people you recognize as being cops that are Harvestmen. You don't see anybody on there that outranks your mom.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: What about Porter, is Porter on there?

Zac: Why don't you just call your mom directly? Why don't you just tell your mom -

Emily: Is Porter on there, the barbarian?

Brennan: You do not see Porter.

Emily: Motherfucker.

Zac: No one else thought it was Porter.

Murph: He just was not nervous that one time!

Lou: He's just not a human.

Murph: He just wasn't rattled.

Siobhan: He's made of rock.

Murph: He's a goddamn barbarian.

Emily: I'll suss out where he's -

Ally: He really liked you too, right? Like, he, like, really liked you and wanted to take you under his wing.

Siobhan: Yeah, isn't he your favorite teacher?

Murph: He seemed just nice.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: Your dad is a demon. Your dad's a demon.

Brennan: Do you contact -

Murph: Yeah, I guess we'll call.

Lou: The Ball, it sounds about right.

Murph: I guess we'll call my mom.

Emily: Wait, we're gonna oh, we're gonna call your mom.

Murph: Should we see, is there anything, so we still have this chest with this weird dark orb in it.

Fig: I think that we should, I think we should go through the list of people and go knocking down their doors and I can intimidate them.

Adaine: That's insane, they're adults.

Riz: Yeah, there's a ton of them.

Fig: Yeah, and I'm a powerful young lady.

Kristen: Okay.

Adaine: Gross.

Fabian: I think we call The Ball’s mother.

Riz: Right, can we, yeah let's call my mom.

Brennan: You can go ahead and make an Investigate check if you'd like to see if you turn up anything particularly juicy here.

Siobhan: Yeah, can I do a Detect Magic as well?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Emily: Investigate I got -

Ally: 11.

Emily: 20.

Siobhan: I got a 25.

Murph: Oh baby, yeah, I got a 25 as well.

Zac: I got a 2 and that's minus 1 so I got a one.

Siobhan: I think this house is your dad.  Brennan: Adaine, you discover an arcane lock on a secret compartment in the back of the place. You open it up, you find tons of personal information having to do with the coach's whereabouts, stuff about Zayn Darkshadow and him funding Zayn Darkshadow's apartment, like paying for Zayn Darkshadow's apartment.

Ally: Oh.

Brennan: You find correspondences with Zayn about contacting Johnny Spells and connecting those guys. You also find a bunch of his personal financial stuff, which may sound a little bit uninteresting, but you see that Coach Daybreak was pretty broke, but made vastly more money than you would think a coach at a high school would make.

Ally: Oh ho.

Brennan: And made frequent deposits in a trust fund at KVX Bank.

Siobhan: A trust fund?

Emily: Yeah baby.

Zac: Do we see where the money is coming from, like who's making the money?

Ally: Yeah, was it a pay stub from the school?

Brennan: From the school.

Emily: Like his salary is just super high?

Siobhan: So he's just the coach.

Ally: He's not even a teacher and a coach, he's just the coach.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: But that means somebody at the school approved that.

Murph: Somebody on the school board is paying him.

Siobhan: Is the trust fund under his name or is it under somebody else's name?

Brennan: The trust fund has some weird legalese thing that doesn't appear to have a name attached to it. It's some protected trust.

Ally: Can we see how much is in it currently, like just an insane amount?

Brennan: Unfortunately you can only see the deposit amounts.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: Let's break into the bank.

Murph: Do we see anything about the missing girls or Penny?

Brennan: You see nothing about the missing girls.

Murph: Okay, great.

Emily: Clearly, this thing he was depositing in, is, probably the trust fund is probably financing the Harvestmen.

Ally: It could be one of their accounts yeah.

Siobhan: It could be that he has a secret kid, or something to do with Zayn Darkshadow.

Zac: I think -

Siobhan: Well, why do you have a trust fund or why does one have a trust fund, it's like -

Zac: Is it his trust fund?

Siobhan: - a thing for your kids, right?

Emily: Cause he’s funding -

Zac: Or is it a fund that he has access to it, like it could be a cumulative -

Siobhan: But he said specifically a trust fund.

Murph: Do we see anyone on the list of names that are sort of involved with this that would be on the school board or?

Brennan: Not that you can see.

Murph: Or that we know.

Emily: Is there any sort of hierarchy from this list of names? Can we get a sense of who is like, are we getting a sense from this that he was running this entire Harvestmen or that he was working with the Harvestmen?

Brennan: With two 25’s and a 20, you absolutely get the sense that Coach Daybreak was the brains of the operation as far as the Harvestmen were concerned.

Murph: Interesting.

Ally: Wow.

Emily: Mm-hmm.

Ally: Can I look around and see if he's married, or look for family members or anything like that?

Brennan: Single, there's some stuff from his childhood and parents and things like that, but nothing about any current family.

Zac: Can you look for like, is there like a lockbox key or anything like that?

Brennan: You find a lockbox key and it's what gets you into that little arcane -

Zac: Oh, not for -

Siobhan: For like the -

Ally: But like for a bank?

Murph: For, cause we -

Zac: For the bank?

Brennan: Gotcha, gotcha, no, you don't find any kind of thing here that would, you find nothing in this place that would insinuate that Coach Daybreak lived a life of wealth or had any ability -

Zac: Maybe -

Emily: Can I write down the account number for the bank account? For the trust fund account?

Brennan: Yeah, you can guys record all the information you want here.

Emily: Okay.  Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: I want to write down that.

Zac: What if you went to the bank as him?

Siobhan: Ooh.

Murph: Yeah, we should do that.

Zac: With all his records.

Emily: Yeah, if we could oh, I don't think I could. I'm trying to think of, am I allowed to use Mantle of Whispers on a day old corpse?

Brennan: Unfortunately not.

Emily: Hmm, too bad.

Riz: Okay, should we call my mom?          Fabian: Yep.

Kristen: Yeah.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: You call Sklonda, she rolls up to the apartment, is flabbergasted, looks over at you and says,

Sklonda: Kiddo, what the hell is going on?

Riz: So there were some dark goings-on at the school, but we got to the bottom of it. It seems like - have you heard of the Harvestmen?

Sklonda: Yeah, they're a cult.

Riz: Right, I think Coach Daybreak was like the brains of the operation.

Brennan: She looks around, you guys have all your assembled evidence here, she goes,

Sklonda: Where is Coach Daybreak right now?

Riz: He's super dead.

Fig: He killed himself.

Gorgug: He shot -

Riz: We killed him.

Gorgug: He shot himself in the back of his head.

Fig: Oh, we get to let you lie to my dad, but I can't lie to your mom.

Riz: My mom's cool.

Sklonda: Alright, alright, alright.

Kristen: Ohhhh!

Sklonda: All you children have to come downtown, you have to come downtown.

Kristen: Wait, no.

Riz: No, but there are bad cops -

Fabian: Oh, downtown.

Riz: There are dirty cops.

Brennan:  You see a couple of cops, there's one guy that's in the middle of having a hamburger who looks over as you say dirty cops.

Fig: See, you guys just called the fucking cops.

Riz: There's evidence here, people who, nobody who outranks you -

Brennan:  She grabs it, looks -

Fig: I trust a demon over a cop.

Sklonda: Sweetie, this checks out. Go wait in the car, we're going to take care of this.

Riz: Yes ma'am.

Kristen: All of us?

Zac: Can I make an Insight check on her?

Brennan:  Yeah, go for it.

Zac: Oh a Nat 20.

Emily: Oh Nat 20!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You with an insight that often eludes Gorgug, you look at this woman - First of all, you've beefed it a couple of times, for sure not your dad. Wouldn't make sense for any number of reasons, we'll call it 99.9 not your dad, right? On top of that, this woman is on the warpath. You see the look on her eyes with the evidence here that she was been wanting to clean up this precinct for a long time and now has the ability to do so.

Ally: Okay.

Gorgug: You're not my dad.

Riz: See, my mom rules.

Sklonda: What's that?

Gorgug: You're not my dad. You're clearly not my dad.

Riz: Mom, I'm so sorry.

Sklonda: I don't under -

Riz: You've got a lot on your plate, we're going to go wait in the car.

Gorgug: I know we were all wondering.

Fig: We do have something to talk about.

Adaine: I just want you to know before you take me downtown, I actually have diplomatic immunity.

Sklonda: Oh, the five of you need to come downtown with me.

Kristen: I -

Fig: I have diplomatic immunity too.

Adaine: I'll go, but -

Sklonda: No, no, we won't place you under arrest. Your diplomatic -

Adaine: No no no, but I'll just come with my friends.

Fig: I have diplomatic immunity too, I do have diplomatic immunity too.

Sklonda: No you don't, the -

Gorgug: Three times.

Fig: I do, I bet I do.

Sklonda: What country are you from? Oop, there it is.

Brennan: You see she says, she says,

Sklonda: All right we'll take you downtown.

Brennan: You guys get loaded into a cruiser brought downtown, you get some fast food brought to you, you hang out for a little while.

Ally: Delicious.

Lou: I eat none of it.

Murph: I eat his.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead and do a little bit of downtime now. Your guys’ defeat of Coach Daybreak and the evidence brought to Detective Gukgak completely dissembles the Harvestmen Cult in Elmville.

Siobhan: Heck yeah.

Brennan: Over the next couple of days Detective Gukgak goes to fucking work. These homes are raided, including the home of the Applebees.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: Your parents are cleared of wrongdoing. They're not involved in any criminal activity, but they were involved enough that their home got raided. Your mom and dad come to you the day after the home gets raided and you see your mom says,

Donna: Well, I guess your new friends know which side their bread's buttered on, huh Kristen?

Kristen: I don't know what the fuck that means, Mom. What were you doing with the Harvestmen?

Donna: It's hard for humans here, all right, in Solace.

Kristen: Oh, victim, you are always pretending to be a victim, Mom. I don't wanna talk to you.

Mac: Hey, hey, don't talk to your mother that way, young lady.

Kristen: Okay, fine, I just have a question. Why Coach Daybreak wanted to make me a Hellmouth, he was gonna sacrifice me since I was somehow already promised to God.

Donna: Nope.

Kristen: Which is something I didn't ask for.

Donna: Nope, nope, he did not, he did not.

Kristen: Yes he did.

Donna: He did not.

Kristen: He absolutely did, you -

Donna: Prove it, prove it.

Kristen: I can, there's a lot of proof.

Donna: I don't know about that.

Kristen: Yeah, that could fill a book, Mom, you're dumb.

Brennan:  You see your father says,

Mac: Well, you know what, because you seem to have a whole new family Kristen, maybe you can go stay with them, huh?

Kristen: You know what, family's a loose word, dad. A lot of different people can become your family. You know what, all I want are answers and I was I'm your kid, I feel like I should be able to get answers from you.

Ally: I cast Light on my new book, On the Subject of World Religion, and I hold it up as though it just glows on its own.

Kristen: This is where I've been finding some answers.

Mac: You get that out of our house right now.

Kristen: What is even in it, you idiot?

Brennan: You see they both leap over the sofa scrambling, grab like polearms off the thing and are like brandish polearms at you.

Mac: What the hell is in that book?

Kristen: You live a fear-based life, goodbye.

Ally: And I slam the door.

Brennan: You slam the door.

Fig: Kristen Applebees, you can come stay with me. I've been living at Gilear's place.

Kristen: Hell yeah. Motherfucker.

Siobhan: So much rotten yogurt.

Ally: I've started cursing for the first time and my blood pressure is always super high, but in a good way.

Brennan: Cool, Kristen is staying with Fig at Strongtower, along with Riz down the hallway.

Murph: Oh yeah I live there too. I didn’t know you lived there.

Brennan: You guys are all staying in the same apartment complex.

Ally: Cool, can we all go to the vending machine together?

Emily: Yeah.

Kristen: If I get a string cheese and you guys get crackers, we can make cheese and crackers for dinner.

Fig: Let’s definitely do it. And also Gilear has a ton of yogurt.

Riz: I'll eat the expired stuff I don't care.

Kristen: Yeah, same, it's just fun to hang out. Yeah, I miss my brothers a little bit.

Adaine: You can come to mine for dinner if you like, but you have to sit at the table with my terrible parents and sister.

Fig: Can I bring Gilear? I worry that he doesn't eat if I'm not there.

Kristen: You're probably 100% right.

Brennan: So I'm gonna go ahead now and say that you guys experience a whirlwind over the next days and weeks at the school, I don't wanna rush past anything you guys want to do so feel free to stop me if you have things you want to do.

Emily: I have one point that I want us to address. We never found the Palimpsest.

Murph: Oh yeah, we never found -

Ally: Yeah, the Palimpsest.

Murph: Daybreak didn't have the Palimpsest?

Siobhan: He did break something that looks like a Palimpsest when the Owlbear came out of, but I don't think that was our Palimpsest.

Brennan: That remains as an element of mystery to you guys. You talked to your mom Sklonda who, now that half of you are over at Strongtower that ends up being kind of your hangout point. You come over to the Gukgak residence for honestly takeout, you get like sort of a you know Bastion Market sort of takeout -

Ally: Bastion Market.

Emily: I am so -

Murph: We eat this all the time.

Emily: Wait, I'm so sorry, real quick, maybe we should set up Gilear a new mom.

Murph: That would be awesome.

Ally: Cool.

Emily: Let's try and get them together.

Brennan: You see that Sklonda takes the little plastic containers out and puts them around and says,

Sklonda: All right kids, go ahead and eat.

Siobhan: I just bring a little thing of Elven waybread out and just eat that.

Lou: I push mine over to The Ball.

Emily: I'm sitting in between Sklonda and Gilear, and I ask Gilear to switch with me so he's next to her.

Brennan: Gilear switches with you.

Gilear: Very well, daughter,

Brennan: You see he looks over and says,

Gilear: Sklonda, this meal is exquisite. This corned bread is particularly scrumptious, it reminds me of lembas. Do you have lembas where you are from? Where are you, are you from the Mountains of Chaos?

Brennan: She looks up and says,

Sklonda: I'm from Bastion City. I didn't make any of this. This is take out, I sort of worked a long shift.

Brennan: He says, you know what, I'm going to go ahead and actually roll a charisma check. It's a Nat 20.

Emily: Gilear!

Brennan: You see, he says,

Gilear: Sklonda, I have rudely interjected myself ignorantly into this conversation, I won't lie to you, Sklonda, I found out recently that one of my shoes is so filled with mildew because a pipe in my bedroom is leaking that I have a fungal infection in my foot, which I didn't think was possible for Elves to get.

Siobhan: This is a 20?

Emily: Can I -

Ally: This is a 20 charisma?

Fig: Can I wake and give him Bardic Inspiration, I'm worried about him?

Brennan:  Sure, you see he says,

Gilear: I - Should see myself out, I - it's been a long time since I've spoke with anyone and I've made a fool of myself.

Brennan: You see that Sklonda says,

Sklonda: Uh, Gil, it's okay, you're fine, you can take a seat, can I get you something to drink, you want anything to drink?

Brennan: He says,

Gilear: I actually brought this, it's a bottle of Elven wine.

Brennan: And you see that there's a big Costco brand Elven wine like huge bottle, you see he pops it open. Sklonda knocks it back, says,

Sklonda: Thanks, I appreciate that. I haven't had a glass of elven wine in I don't know how long.

Brennan: And they start to kind of chat. Sklonda gets a little bit in her cups and starts actually talking about the case to you guys. She goes

Sklonda: Yeah, you guys did amazing work. That was really, really incredible. I can't tell you how proud I am. Obviously, don't kill any more of your teachers.

Kristen: Hmm.

Fabian: We only killed one.

Sklonda: Sure.

Fabian: The other two killed each other.

Riz: Right.

Adaine: Yeah, and technically I mean the coach isn't even the teacher.

Fabian: Yeah, so -

Sklonda: I suppose you haven't killed any academic faculty yet.

Fabian: Exactly.

Fig: Yet.

Riz: We did kill a lunch lady.

Gorgug: I mean she killed a lunch lady.

Fabian: Adaine killed a lunch lady.

Adaine: I mean we all did it together, it wasn't just me.

Fabian: We did not do it, you exclusively beat her over the head with a ladle.

Riz: Mom, what does have you found any evidence about the missing girls with this Harvestmen stuff?

Brennan: She nods and says -

Murph: Excuse you.

Ally: Many apologies.

Brennan: She nods to you and says,

Sklonda: Yeah.

Brennan: She says,

Sklonda: We've been tracking them, we think Daybreak may have sent the Palimpsest to Highcourt. There's a lot of Harvestmen or religious fundamentalists in the nation of Highcourt, so now it's just kind of a waiting game, we have to get the state department some kind of extradition and allow us to conduct a foreign kind of investigation.

Fig: Say no more.

Sklonda: Oh for sure not. No no no no no.

Fig: Cool.

Sklonda: Yeah, not for you.

Kristen: What?

Brennan: You see she says,

Sklonda: I actually am going to speak with your father about it soon, Adaine, because we might need Fallenel's help. Highcourt is extremely, they're in a politically kind of unstable place and having some Elven mediation would probably help us.

Adaine: Can I give you some advice that you might not want to hear?

Sklonda: Sure.

Adaine: I would have maybe if you have a colleague who is an elf, my dad sucks, talk to him.

Sklonda: Roger that, yeah, hey I appreciate the being straightforward, it is what is.

Kristen: Like your dad's racist.

Fig: I know a really good, very charismatic Elf that's like a diplomat.

Gilear: Mm, this yogurt tastes just like potatoes.

Gorgug: That's potatoes.

Gilear: Hmm?

Gorgug: You're just eating mashed potatoes.

Riz: You're eating mashed potatoes.

Gilear: Ah, I have committed -

Riz: Not everything is yogurt.

Gilear: Another own goal for Gilear Faeth, yes.

Kristen: Own goal.

Gilear: All right, I -

Emily: I tousle what's left of my dad's hair.

Gilear: Oh, that's my bald spot. I was wondering why there wasn't fruit at the bottom and now I know.

Gorgug: Of the potatoes?

Riz: You don't have to go into it, Gilear, just -

Kristen: It was a sad moment.

Riz: You thought it was Elven yogurt -

Adaine: I feel like mashed potatoes -

Riz: - I've gotta be honest. I want to hear more. Just run for it.

Brennan: You guys end that dinner, it's a lovely night. Gilear's going to talk about a little bit more. The weeks and months that follow from here, the trail kind of goes cold for you guys. There's a complicated extradition process with Highcourt, also you guys get a little bit distracted. This big bad guy took a fall and maybe Riz, you're still a little hung up on it because of Penny, but your lives at Aguefort completely change after the events of the last battle. You guys are this weird kind of unspoken posse. The seniors all stop making fun of you. You see that one of them says one thing one day and Ragh fucking takes them out. Penelope and Dayne start acknowledging you guys in the hallway and it's not necessarily that you're popular, because you're all still freshmen, but you guys have made the other freshmen all come up and talk to you guys at lunch. They ask you questions in class.

Zac: Is that - what happened to that Dwarf girl?

Brennan: Ostentatia?

Zac: Who was poisoned?

Brennan: Ostentatia's back at school. Ostentatia walks by as you guys are sort of walking into school one day and she goes,

Ostentatia: Back, better. Hey, what's up Ball?

Riz: Hey, sorry that you drank that tea.

Ostentatia:  Honestly, it was so random, like I was like steal me tea and then I got home and I was like, “I wonder what this tea is like”, and then I drank it I, went bluh bluh and kind of went crazy - did you get my note?

Riz: Yes I did, thank you.

Ostentatia: Awesome.

Riz: What did you mean to say? Because you wrote it kind of in a crazy way. I think you were -

Ostentatia:  I don't think I wrote it crazy, crystal Johnny Palipses, right? Penelope?

Riz: Right, okay.

Adaine: Penny.

Ostentatia: Penelope.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: But if you were to say that as a sentence.

Ostentatia: Hmm?

Gorgug: If you ever wrote, instead of if he -

Ostentatia: I'm not like, great at writing.

Riz: You just wrote like the key words.

Gorgug: Were you awake yet?

Ostentatia: I was literally losing my mind. I could feel my brain shutting down and I got a note like as fast as I could. Honestly, pretty baller, if I'm being -

Fig: Yeah, I think you nailed it, girl.

Adaine: It is good.

Kristen: It was great.

Riz: It was super baller.

Ostentatia: So, like, the judgment, you can, like, hold on to it.

Fabian: You ask everyone who's your dad, I mean come on, guy.

Gorgug: I didn't hear myself, I guess. I'm sorry.

Fabian: At least you apologized.

Brennan: You guys now enjoy this weird kind of under the radar celebrity status, also you guys start to ace your fucking classes, the extracurricular nightmare journey you guys have been on has put you so far ahead of the curve, the other students that haven't had any combat that your classes are fucking -

Ally: Hell yes.

Brennan: Just easy peasy.

Fig: I'm still taking barbarian classes.

Brennan: Adaine, people come up to you all the time to ask you questions about divination. You're still taking barbarian classes. Porter's like,

Porter: This girl, you got a great, the rage I can really feel it and eh, Gorbag.

Gorgug: Gorgug.

Porter:  Gorag.

Gorgug: Gorgug.

Porter:  Gorgug, really solid effort.

Gorgug: I stopped singing.

Porter:  You stopped singing? Hey, that's half the battle right there, isn't it? Way to go.

Gorgug: I'm pretty good - okay.

Brennan: So we're gonna run some scenes over the first part of the year that you guys are there as kind of things cool down, anything you guys want to pursue let me know.

Ally: Tracker doesn't go to our school, right, that was just a random -?

Brennan: Tracker does not go to your school.

Siobhan: Tracker's a full adult.

Emily: I mean -

Siobhan: I would love -

Emily: I'm gonna -

Siobhan: I still really wanna get a makeover.

Ally: Oh.

Emily: I'll give you a makeover.

Brennan: Actually, I want to touch on this for a second. Number one, all of you guys can choose a new tool proficiency or language, as you are at school this year. Additionally, your guys' gifts that you got begin to exhibit the properties of magical items.

Siobhan: Huh.

Murph: Interesting.

Brennan:  And I can tell you guys what they do right now.

Emily: Do we still don't know who we got them from?

Brennan: So you don't know who you got them from.

Zac: But doesn't it say your dad's name?

Brennan: It says Gorthalax's Girl on it.

Zac: Oh.

Emily: Gilear's girl, could also be Gilear's, Gilear and Gorthalax's girl.

Brennan: The wax for the Hangman now works as a Mending spell, Mending cantrip you can cast.

Lou: Very cool, on just the Hangman?

Brennan: You can try it on other stuff if you want.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: The tome on world religions that you got, Kristen, gives you advantage on Religion and Nature checks.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: The ruby guitar pick allows you to cast either Protection from Fire, Burning Hands or Charm Person once per day, so once per day you can cast one of those spells. The leather holster has started to rub off on your ax. Your ax is now a +1 weapon, meaning that your attack goes up by one and your damage goes up by one.

Zac: Oh.

Brennan: And The Ball, you find that your awesome new leather briefcase, your older one you busted doing the half pipe trick on it.

Murph: Right.

Siobhan: So sick.

Brennan: Your newer leather briefcase doesn't seem to have an amount of stuff you can't put in it.

Murph: Oh sweet.

Emily: A briefcase of infinite holding.

Murph: My briefcase of holding.

Brennan: And then Adaine you still have your 45 GP gift card to this high end clothier.

Fig: I'll go shopping.

Adaine: Yeah, let's go shopping.

Fig: I'll cut class.

Kristen: I'll go, yeah.

Fig: Hey Porter, hey Porter, I feel like I'm doing really well and I'm gonna take today off.

Porter: Honestly, you earned it yeah.

Fig: Thanks.

Porter: I'm for it.

Gorgug: I'll stay, I'm gonna stay.

Porter: All right, hey, Gorbag's in it to win it.

Siobhan: I cast Unseen Servant to make notes for me.

Brennan: You cast an unseen servant. It rushes over to your book and says,

Unseen Servant: Ah yes, study, the heart and soul of the wizard's craft. This has been a use of Unseen Servant.

Murph: And I sneak out, as to show initiative in my rogue class.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: Hell yeah, awesome.

Emily: Can I create a Minor Illusion of Riz at his class?

Murph: Just like disappearing, fading, and then I'm frozen.

Brennan: Yes you may.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: You guys sneak out, you go down to a little clothier called The Gilded Coin. You see that there is a much older half-Elven woman with this large, sort of hooped skirt, very Elizabethan-looking who is sort of flouncing throughout the shop, as you open the door, just wafts of perfume and incense you see that there is a little sort of imp or mephit, some kind of winged creature with spectacles, a long nose flying around and the half-Elf woman goes,

Madame Silvaine: Oooohhhhh, welcome to The Gilded Coin. My name is Madam Silvaine, can I, help you look for something?

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Do you have a men's section or a modest women's section?

Madame Silvaine:  We have neither a men's section, nor any modesty at all!

Fig: What about chain wallets, studded belts, corsets for no reason?

Madame Silvaine:  A studded belt. I have a belt made of a tapestry from Old Solace.

Kristen: This is going to be just an Adaine errand.

Fig: Yeah, this is gonna be an Adaine thing.

Adaine: Oh, is there another - Yeah, okay. Oh, I just want to look cool at school.

Madame Silvaine:  You want to look cool, well, I can certainly help you with that, Madam Silvaine isn't behind the times.

Kristen: We should go somewhere else.

Adaine: Is there somewhere else?

Madame Silvaine:  Please don't go anywhere else, please don't go anywhere else, I'm begging you.

        Adaine: I’m so sorry.

Kristen: There’s that beach-themed clothing store.

Adaine: Oh yes, the beach-themed -

Fig: Ooh, let's go to the beach -

Kristen: - even though we’re like, very landlocked.

Fig: - themed clothing store!

Madame Silvaine:  I see that you have a gift card that's only redeemable here, you would have to spend real money somewhere else!

Kristen: Sounds like a bullet I'll bite, let's go.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Just kidding.

Madame Silvaine:  So in your wildest dreams, what would you like to look like?

Adaine: Just like a normal kid that's not wearing a school uniform at a school that doesn't have a school uniform.

Madame Silvaine: What about a tiny little sailor?

Fig: No.

Adaine: I'm a teenager, I'm not a baby.

Madame Silvaine: No, all right. Well, something normal, normal.

Adaine: Just like a T-shirt and jeans, maybe like a jean jacket.

Madame Silvaine: You would like a T-shirt and jeans and a jean jacket?

Adaine: Don't say that like they're foreign words. You know what those words mean.

Madame Silvaine: I... only because of my extremely diligent study of the craft of fashion have I ever heard those words before. I think you shall look an absolute fool, dearie, but I shall try my best.

Emily: Can I Charm Person on her?

Brennan: Yes, sure thing.

Madame Silvaine: Buh.

Fig: Get the girl what she wants.

Madame Silvaine: A T-shirt, a jean jacket and a pair of jeans. Very well…. Hah!

Brennan: And flounces off into the shop.

Kristen: I feel like all of these are going to have lace sewn somewhere onto them and - We can take it off.

Fig: I know, we've got a pocket knife, we can just cut it right off.

Fabian:  I don't know Adaine, I thought you would look lovely as a sailor, but.

Adaine: Tiny little sailor boy. That's basically what I'm already wearing.

Fabian:  Exactly, and I think you look just fine now.

Adaine: Well, thank you, but I want to actually just be able, like I don't want to worry about my skirt flying up in the middle of battle you know?

Brennan: She returns with a pair of cool skinny jeans, this sort of dark blue T-shirt that has a very faded arcane polygon-like rune structure on it, but almost impossible to see unless you're looking for it and this wool-lined denim jacket.

Siobhan: Oh.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: That has a ton of very small pockets on it. You see that they don't seem to look like a bunch of pockets, but you see that there's like two kind of on the breast, and there's some for your hands down here and there's two on the interior and there's two smaller zip-up ones right near the base.

Adaine: I love pockets.

Brennan: She says,

Madame Silvaine: Oh, well, if you love pockets, then you'll love this jacket, dearie. Go ahead, cast your spell, do you have any ability to detect magic, I want you to see -

Adaine: I do.

Madame Silvaine: The craftsmanship.

Brennan: Voom, your eyes glow blue, you see a very minor divinatory and abjurative magic on the T-shirt and powerful conjuration magic on the jacket.

Madame Silvaine: This is a Jacket of Useful Things, put it on.

Kristen: Whoa, you look cool.

Emily: Oh my God.

Riz: It's on inside out. It's on inside out.

Adaine: Oh God damn it.

Madame Silvaine:  The wool is on the inside, dearie.

Kristen: Maybe it was reversible.

Brennan: She says,
        
Madame Silvaine: Now, let's say you'd like something for your friends, or you need something, what's the sort of thing that you never have the ability to carry in your pockets? You know they never give ladies’ clothing pockets.

Adaine: Never.

Madame Silvaine:  Never! This hoop skirt has over 35 pounds of material goods in it!

Adaine: That's heavy.

Fig: Yo, start showing us.

Madame Silvaine: I have a full ham!

Kristen: Wow.

Fig: Okay.

Murph: I eat it, ah.

Madame Silvaine: That's a hungry boy.

Emily: Ha ha.

Madame Silvaine: With a helping heaping of ham.

Fig: You got a cigarette in there?

Madame Silvaine: I most certainly do.

Brennan: Huge holder and a little gilded cigarette.

Fig: Okay, hello.

Kristen: Wow, Fig.

Riz: This lady rules.

Madame Silvaine: Now, I must warn you, it's not tobacco.

Fig: What is it?

Madame Silvaine:  It's Halfling weed mixed with dragon spice.

Fig: All right.

Kristen: How is it?

Madame Silvaine: Madam Silvaine knows how to cut loose at the end of the day.

Fig: I'm into where you're at. I like it.

Kristen: How is it?

Adaine: You know I thought that you weren't cool, but you're extremely cool.

Fabian: All of you wanted to go somewhere else and this place is fantastic.

Madame Silvaine:  Oh, I didn't recognize young Fabian, oh.

Fabian: It's good to see you, how are you?

Kristen: Cool.

Madame Silvaine: Good, good, good, good, good. It's so lovely. Cathilda stopped by for the card.

Fabian: Yes, of course, yes.

Madame Silvaine: Lovely, yes, yes, yes.

Brennan: You see she says,         

Madame Silvaine:  Your father's coat, how is it doing?

Fabian: It's fantastic, oh, your patch work is incredible.

Madame Silvaine:  Of course! And that coat explodes.

Fabian: It does, it does.

Madame Silvaine: It blows right up.

Fabian: Yes.

Madame Silvaine: Now reach in there, picture something in your mind that you'd like.

Adaine: Okay, I am quite hungry so I guess a sandwich?

Brennan: A full hoagie comes out pre-wrapped. 

Zac: I'm not there.

Kristen: Cool.

Madame Silvaine: What is something that couldn't even be in the pocket, say a piping hot cup of tea?

Brennan: Full saucer, little two sugar cubes on the side, spoon in the cup and just a perfectly steeped cup of tea.

Fig: Hey Adaine, can I have a rat?

Madame: Unfortunately, the jacket cannot create living things, or rather it can, but they will exist in a terrifying half life, neither real or imaginary, their existence will be a horrifying, excruciating pain and they will seek to kill themselves as quickly as possible. Don't pull a rat out.

Fig: What about an oyster, they don't have a central nervous system, so -

Madame: An oyster would be fine.

Adaine: Do you want a knife to shuck it with?

Fig: No, it's a pet.

Kristen: Can I have some - whoa.

Adaine: Pet oyster, put it in some water, it's going to immediately die.

Fig: Sure, can I have some water?

Fabian: Also, doesn't theoretically that oyster want to kill itself, but it can't, because it has no kind of central nervous system with which to do it?

Madame Silvaine:  An oyster desires nothing, dear boy.

Fabian: Oh fantastic.

Fig: Cool.

Madame Silvaine:  Well, that would be 45 gold pieces if you'd like to make the purchase.

Adaine: Yes, I have that exactly.

Madame Silvaine:  Well splendid, shing! Ah, another good day of business for The Gilded Coin, pew!

Brennan: The card disappears into sparkles, she collects the sparkles, throws them on some of the dresses and says,

Madame Silvaine: Can I help you with anything else?

Fig: Wasn't there five dollars left over, five gold pieces left over on that gift certificate?

Adaine: No that was 45.

Kristen: You look really cool, Adaine.

Fig: You look great.

Fabian: You do look very cool.

Adaine: I mean, I guess I'll have to wash this T-shirt a lot, but I'm very excited about it.

Madame Silvaine:  Oh yes, I would say, do give it a good wash before you wear it, those clothing should be washed. I wouldn't wear it straightaway. I will also say this, if you do not wash it some of the things other people put in there might be in there so, careful.

Kristen: Cool.

Adaine: Who owned this before I owned it?

Madame Silvaine: Store's closing, farewell children.

Kristen: What, it's the middle of the day.

Siobhan: Can I cast Identify on my jacket?

Identify Spell: Ah yes, the Jacket of Useful Things, formerly the Robe of Useful Things, crafted by Elven archmagi in time immemorial, the most recent archmagi of the Elves, Eleanor Buchanan, thought it looked stuffy and old and wanted to give it a new, rad vibe, changing it into a denim wool-lined jacket. This has been another use of the Identify spell.

Adaine: Huh, I would like to have the object that the last owner of this jacket put in it.

Brennan: You pull out a note saying “I am hiding in the jacket, please don't take me out.”

Adaine: Who are you?

Brennan: You look in and it's just like an empty pocket.

Ally: Uh what?

Siobhan: What?

Emily: Can I Detect Thoughts on her jacket?

Brennan: An overwhelming wave of thoughts, thousands or millions of strains of consciousness beat into your psyche all at once and you take 10 points of damage.

Ally: What?

Adaine: How many people are in this jacket?

Fabian: Well, don't pull any of them out otherwise they will be trapped in the half life thing, right?

Riz: Ask for a note that says the number of how many people are in the jacket.

Adaine: I would like a note saying how many people are hidden in this jacket.

Brennan: A note comes out saying “mind your own fucking business.”

Fabian: Damn.

Adaine: This jacket is so sassy.

Kristen: Oh my gosh, it looks so good, but like also you're carrying around a multitude of people.

Fabian: Souls.

Fig: But they're all taking refuge in there though.

Adaine: I mean I guess so.

Fig: So you're kind of like wearing a cool hostel.

Riz: Do we have to pull them out? Should we pull them out, right?

Adaine: But if I pull them out, they’re dead.

Riz: We just put them back in.

Adaine: If living people went in -

Riz: They can go in my bag.

Fig: I think they're like -

Adaine: When they come out, are they still do they have to live a half life? Who knows?

Brennan: You can cast Identify again.

Ally: Oh my gosh.

Lou: I mean I -

Siobhan: I guess I'll cast Identify again.

Identify Spell: Ah yes, the question of whether the beings in the jacket will live a half life, if they didn't originate from the jacket, the question as old as time itself.

Kristen: Is it?

Identify Spell: No. The jacket of course can only produce objects worth a pittance, expensive items, jewels and that sort cannot be produced, it's just useful things that the jacket produces, the creatures taking refuge in the jacket are various refugees, criminals and hideaways that live in a city at the center of the extra-dimensional space within the jacket. They live complex lives, form relationships, nations rise and fall, and they have no way of exiting the jacket. It's more of a thought experiment, really, and has no ability to interfere with you living your life, just sort of a mind fuck for you to walk around with.

Emily: Can I just like put my hand in one of the pockets just a little bit?

Brennan: You hit the bottom of the pocket.

Emily: Okay.

Adaine: I would like a chocolate rat.

Brennan: A little chocolate rat comes out.

Adaine: Here you go, here's your rat.

Fig: Well I already got one pet, so I'll just.

Brennan: Cool, we're gonna move on from there. You guys it gets closer to like the holiday season, you guys have your holiday break. There's a little Solstice party that happens. You guys all get together.

Emily: Is Gorthalax going to be there?

Brennan: Gorthalax shows up.

Emily: And Gilear and Gorthalax are both there?

Brennan: Gilear and Gorthalax are both there, the Thistlesprings are hosting it,

Zac: Oh yeah.

Brennan: So it's a little Thistlespring holiday party. They've decorated the tree with little lights and there's a little Helio symbol and everyone's having a great time.

Digby: Well Gorgug, we're so happy look at all your pals.

Gorgug: Thanks for coming to the party.

Digby: Merry Solstice everybody, Merry Solstice, there's cookies.

        Riz: Merry Solstice.

        Fabian: Merry Solstice, yeah.

        Adaine: Merry Solstice.

Kristen: I actually don't celebrate Solstice anymore, but happy holidays.

Digby: Happy holidays to you. It's just a secular thing here. We don't really believe either, we just grew up with it.

Kristen: Okay.

Digby: Yeah, for sure.

Emily: I'm making everyone hot chocolate and secretly spiking it.

Brennan: Awesome.

Ally: With like the wrong thing though, like a teen. Jager.

Brennan: You see Gilear and Gorthalax are talking over in a corner, Gorthalax is huge, he's got like a little festive wreath on his head and he's got a little thing of cider, he's going like,

Gorthalax: Yeah, well, you know it's been rough, basically I was gone, so I've been demoted, my sort of infernal duchy has kind of been carved up by other devil princes, so I’d kind of have to take a demotion if I want to get back on the ladder at this point— oh hey, sweetie, how's it going?

Fig: Hey! Did you meet my pet, Little Gilear?

Gorthalax: Oh, look at that -

Brennan: What are you gesturing to when you say that?

Emily: My oyster in my water.

Brennan: Your little oyster, this is many weeks later by the way.

Murph: She's still carrying it around.

Brennan: Dope.

Emily: Is it dead?

Siobhan: So stinky.

Brennan: Oh yeah, it smells horrible. It's a true fucking nightmare.

Siobhan: So metal.

Emily: All right.

Siobhan: So metal.

Brennan: Yeah, so metal to carry a fucking perished oyster around with you.

Zac: In a glass of water?

Emily: I'm a little concerned about that okay, if it's dead, then I think I'm gonna give it a nice little burial and move on with my life.

Fabian: Oh finally, thank God.

Gorgug: We were going to talk to you about that.

Fabian: We have been talking behind your back about maybe having an intervention of some kind? Thank God.

Fig: Why didn't you guys say it was dead?

Kristen: You one time were like “can I talk to you for a second?” and you were kind of whispering something in my ear, but you were just holding it right underneath my nose and I just had to sit there while you were talking.

Fig: Shit, I didn't even realize.

Brennan: You see Gorthalax turns over to you and says,

Gorthalax: Oh, sweetie, I'd actually like to talk to you for a second if I could.

Fig: Yeah, totally. Is it about the oyster because I thought it was alive?

Gorthalax: No, no, it's fine, you can do whatever you want.

Fig: Okay.

Gorthalax: I gotta head out soon because your mom's gonna be here in a little while and--

Fig: Ugh, I might as well head out too.

Gorthalax: No, you should stay, it's good.

Fig: No, I have two dads and no mother.

Gorthalax: I don't, I don't like that sweetie.

Fig: She's honestly barely been around. Gilear has done a lot more raising me.

Gorthalax: I think it's probably because you seek Gilear out.

Fig: I can't argue with that.

Gorthalax: Look, I want to talk to you because I know I've been kind of coming and going, I've been taking care of some stuff back in hell.

Fig: Which by the way I can't wait to visit.

Gorthalax: Well, that's why I want to talk to you.

Fig: Spring break, me and my friends come down to hell?

Gorthalax: You can keep guessing if you like, do you want to keep guessing? I'm having a hard time saying it is what I'm saying.

Fig: Okay.

Gorthalax: Yeah.

Fig: I'll shut the fuck up.

Gorthalax: If I went back to Hell, I'd have to take a pretty severe demotion, I'd no longer be a pit fiend, I'd go back to probably a gallygon or cornegon or something like that, um. I also got a job offer here in town and I just don't want to do anything around your life, I've consumed untold thousands of souls and I don't want to consume your life, if you want -

Fig: No, you should definitely take the job here.

Gorthalax: You sure, you want to sleep on it?

Fig: Yeah. I don't need to sleep on it. We'll start a band, it'll be great.

Gorthalax: I'd like for us to have more time to jam. It would be good.

Fig: Yeah.

Gorthalax: If you change your mind, let me know.

Fig: I won't.

Gorthalax: I'm gonna say yes, okay?

Fig: Yeah, what is it? Coach at Aguefort?

Gorthalax: How'd you know?

Fig: I had a feeling.

Brennan:  The next day at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Emily: Ha ha!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan:  It's the day after Solstice, a couple weeks later, at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, that season, this current season was scrubbed because the coach got murdered so -

Murph: Killed.

Brennan: Killed.

Lou: We killed him.

Brennan:  You killed him. You see the next day there's a little assembly as you guys come back from the winter break, Vice Principal Goldenhoard says,

Goldenhoard: Students of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, wow, we've made it halfway through the year, four faculty deaths, a handful of student deaths, looking good, on track for a strong finish. I would like to introduce one and all to our new coach, please give a warm welcome to Gorthalax the Insatiable.

Kristen: Woo!

Emily: I use Thaumaturgy to make the loudest roar of stadium cheering possible.

Brennan: You see Gorthalax comes out still in the loin cloth, the huge devil. You see he has a tiny baseball cap on the top of his head and a huge spiked black chain ending in an enormous skull whistle on his chest. He comes out and says,

Gorthalax: Hey gang, happy to be here, happy to be on board, I've not been involved in the academic career for the first semester this year, but looking to come in the middle of the season. Obviously, we've had to forfeit to those bums over on the Hellions and the Mad, boo!

Everyone: Boo, boo!

Gorthalax: But we're going to get those Owlbears in fighting shape for next year. We're going to take it to them, how does that sound?

Everyone: Woo!

Gorthalax: All right, great.

Brennan: Gorthalax walks over to you guys afterwards and says,

Gorthalax: Great, well I'm going to get used to the new digs.

Fig: Dad, before you go, this is who you need to be meeting.

Fabian: Oh, Fig, there's no need.

Fig: I have seen this man is built for sport.

Fabian: Oh my God.

Kristen: It's true.

Fig: He doesn't talk like it, but he plays like it.

Adaine: Also, if you need a Ball, we have one.

Riz: Well.

Fabian: If you do need a Ball, we definitely have a Ball, but I -

Kristen: He was built for being the Ball.

Fabian: But I do also play Bloodrush.

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Gorthalax: Listen, sorry guys, we already had tryouts. We had them at the Durinson Mithril Factory and you're all in.

Fabian: What, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, what, we're all on the team?

Riz: We’re all on the team?

Kristen: What?

Adaine: I thought -

Gorthalax: Anybody -
        
Brennan: he says,

Gorthalax: What you guys did at Mithril Factory blew my mind. If you want in on the team, you're in. If you don't want to play, you don't have to, but -

Riz: I'm in on the team, I'm in.

Kristen: Yeah, I hate going home. 
Riz: I'm as good at sports as Fabian. 
Kristen: I'll do anything to be outside of my house. 
Fabian: It makes 100% sense that I'm on the team, but you're telling me we're all on the team. 
Kristen: Sounds like I'll be the star. 
Riz: Gorthalax can I be the captain? 
Gorthalax: We'll put it to a vote.

Fabian: All right. 
Riz: Who wants me to be the captain instead of Fabian?         
Gorgug: I think you could be a good captain. 
Kristen: I kind of feel like, right Fabian, you’re obviously the captain. 
Fig: I think Fabian should probably be the captain.

Fabian: Thank you. 
Kristen: Right, I mean the Ball.

Riz: You guys are just going to play into his ego, I was doing this as a - okay no that's fine do it.

        Fabian: Okay, then, what -

        Riz: Let’s make the cool kid the captain.

Adaine: I mean just for sports, not for real life.

Riz: Let's make the cool kid the captain.

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: Let's just see here, Kristen, heads up,

Brennan: tosses the ball.

Kristen: Ah!

Brennan: Go ahead and make an acrobatics check.

Ally: Great, my acrobatics are niet goed!

Murph: Negative three. 
Ally: 10.

Brennan: The ball bounces off your hands and lands on the ground. He says,

Gorthalax: You're certainly welcome to, you know, if you want to find a way to support the team, you're welcome to do that.
        
Kristen: Cool. 
Adaine: Maybe you could be the healer/manager. 
Kristen: I don't want to be the stats girl. 
Adaine: Ah, I wanted to be the stats girl, is that bad?

Kristen: Oh, yeah. 
Gorthalax: You want in the team, point is, show up to practice ready to play, we're going to drill you guys hard, okay?

Fabian: Hell yes, coach.

Gorthalax: That’s what I like to see.

Adaine: But isn't this just a physical game? I feel like I should join whatever the equivalent of the mathletes is. 
Gorthalax: Yeah, you don't have to join - 
Kristen: I'm excited to be on the team, I never want to go home again. 
Gorgug: I kind of want to play.

Fig: I'll definitely play.

Gorthalax: I didn't want you guys to feel left out. It's mostly Fabian. 
Fabian: Hell yeah, Coach.

Gorgug: I think I would be good. 
Gorthalax: And I think Gorgug and Riz would also be good if you guys want to jump on.

Kristen: This is very gendered.

Fig: And also Fig.

Gorthalax: Fig, do you want to play? 
Fig: Yeah! 
Adaine: I feel like you should be in band. 
Fig: Nah, I've been kind of outrunning my true destiny. 
Gorthalax: I'm gonna let you guys figure this out on your own time, you come back to me you let me know. 
Fabian: Fantastic.

Adaine: Like if we get to do extracurriculars, it should be -

Fabian: Whoever wants to play can play I mean -

Fig: I guess I'll look at I guess I could look at band.

Ally: I was wondering, could I start casting Augury?

Brennan: Yeah. 
Ally: While just kind of sitting by myself on the bleachers or wherever we are.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. 
Ally: Okay cool.

Brennan: What do you casting Augury, what are you asking?

Ally: It takes a minute and I'm probably not gonna use like, corn religious stuff, but maybe I found like moonstones or something in a New Age place and I just want to know if it will work out with like my parents and home life.

Brennan: You cast Augury and the answer you get back is woe and weal, which in Augury terms means dark times are ahead and past them something good.

Ally: Cool, okay yeah.

Brennan: But you hear a voice behind you as the sound of someone riding up on a bicycle. You see a young woman with a unibrow and a short haircut kind of like long clawish kind of fingernails, gets off the bike, says,

Tracker: Casting that with moonstones?

Kristen: Hey, what's, oh my gosh, what's your name again?

Tracker: Tracker.

Kristen: Oh my gosh, yeah right, Tracker, ah right. Kristen, hi.

Tracker: Hey, I saw you over here, I'm here visiting my uncle.

Kristen: I'm shaking your hand for way too long. What were you saying?

Tracker: You want to keep shaking my hand?

Kristen: Oh okay, it's crazy, no, I'm not crazy.

Tracker: I'm here visiting my uncle, I saw you over here casting a spell with moonstones.

Kristen: Oh yeah, yeah, I've been reading some stuff about moons.

Brennan: You see she says,

Tracker: Okay, if you ever want to talk about like, Lida and the Goddess of the Moon and stuff like that, you're welcome to come talk to me.

Kristen: Oh, you know about that stuff?

Tracker: I'm a Cleric of Lida.

Kristen: Huh, oh fantastic.

Tracker: So.

Kristen: Who's your uncle - where do you live?

Brennan: You hear a noise as you hear a voice say,

Jawbone: Well, that's just the thing right, because the feelings they're bigger when you keep them locked up,

Brennan: You see that Jawbone is walking down some steps with Ragh next to him. Jawbone still has like the black jean cutoffs and he's got this metal shredder pentagram shirt, but you see that he's moved into kind of like a thigh length cardigan sweater with like a chunky collar and he's got glasses now and he's got like a little mug of tea and you see he's going like, he goes,

Jawbone: I mean that's basically it, you know. You can't lie about who you are forever because then you're not even on your own side. It's like the Owlbears, if you're not playing for your own team, how can you expect anybody else to? You know what I mean, bud? One time I was eating this holy mushroom behind a ziggurat in Yuan-ti country and I was tripping balls, you understand, I came to surrounded by dead bodies of temple guards and a ticket for a zeppelin going to a country I'd never heard of. I think about who I'd be if I'd got on that zeppelin, if I'd been honest with myself. If you got the ticket, you gotta take the ride, kid, that's all I gotta say.

Brennan: You see Ragh kind of like touches an arm and goes,

Ragh: Oh, thanks Jawbone, you're cool as hell.

Jawbone: Hey man, ain't nobody in this world cool, you know what I mean, we're all fucking pieces of shit, come on in here.

Brennan: And he gives him a big hug and he says,

Jawbone: All right brother, you come by any time now, all right, hey if you feel up to it, you never should push somebody around or be a bully, but it's not bullying people to let them know what's going on in here okay? Okay.

Brennan: and walks away and Ragh kind of like walks off and has like a shy kind of smile, he looks like he's been crying, but has found some kind of center to himself. And walks away from there. Jawbone walks over, he goes,

Jawbone: Oh Tracker, come here girl,

Brennan: And gives her a big hug, looks over and says,

Jawbone: Oh Miss Applebees, how are you doing?

Kristen: I'm great, how are you, Jawbone?

Jawbone: I'm good as hell, I'm feeling great.

Kristen: I gotta go.

Jawbone: All right, you're welcome to go if you want.

Kristen: No, I just felt like I was keeping you guys. You guys have to go. Now.

Jawbone: If you want to come over some time, Tracker has friends over, so you're welcome to come over if you want.

Kristen: Cool, yeah, oh, you have friends Tracker?

Brennan: Tracker says,

Tracker: Do I have friends?

Kristen: Yeah, cool.

Tracker: Yeah, I have friends.

Kristen: Cool me too, those are my friends over there.

Siobhan: All of us are staring at this conversation like “oh no”.

Emily: Can I do an insight check to see how old Tracker is?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: 9.

Brennan: You have no idea how old Tracker is.

Emily: Mysterious.

Zac: Can I do an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: 6.

Murph: 25.

Brennan: 25.

Siobhan: Oh, a Nat 1.

Brennan: Tracker looks to be like high school age, she looks like she might be 16, like a sophomore.

Emily: Sweet.

Riz: You're all good, Kristen.

Kristen: What, oh no you're all good. These guys won't let me.

Fig: I wouldn't have judged.

Brennan: You try to get a read on Tracker as much as you can, but you get distracted really quick, because you're looking at Jawbone. Here's the thing, you have been getting a lot of shit for thinking that people are your dad. Even though, you don't think Jawbone's your dad, you're positive that he's not your dad in fact, but here's the thing, Tracker called Jawbone her uncle, you’re pretty sure he's her dad.

Lou: Can I do an Insight check on what Gorgug is currently thinking about?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Lou: 18.

Brennan: 18, you think that Gorgug is cracking a case wide open in his head.

Lou: Can I punch him in the back of the head real hard?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can. Go ahead and make an attack roll.

Lou: Great, a Nat 20.

Brennan: You fucking, wham, Gorgug hits.

Fabian: Okay, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hit you.

Riz: Oh my God!

Fabian: It wasn't supposed to be that hard -

Riz: What was that?

Fig: What was that?

Jawbone: Hey, hey, hey hey hey hey, what the hell is going on around here?

Faiban: I'm sorry, he was thinking that you're his dad, he does it a lot. And then -

Gorgug: No! You're her dad. Don't you see?

Fabian: Oh okay, my bad.

Jawbone: Hey, hey, there are ways to solve things without violence and I'll be honest, violence usually comes from a place of fear. And I notice that you haven't stopped by my office anytime.

Fabian: Well yeah, I watched you bite one of my friends.

Jawbone: I'm sorry I bit one of your friends, but you know what I never bit myself and that's something that you're doing on an emotional level every day.

Fabian: Okay.

Gorgug: You punched me so hard.

Fabian: I'm sorry, I didn't -

Siobhan: I pull an ice pack out of my incredible fucking jacket.

Brennan: Jawbone and Tracker take off, Tracker waves at you.

Kristen: Good luck.

Tracker: With what?

Kristen: Hm? Maybe I'll see you around.

Tracker: Feel free to contact me, yeah, if you want to hang out, let's hang out.

Kristen: Oh cool, yeah, I'll find your, can I have your number?

Tracker: Yeah,

Brennan: she just comes over, says,

Tracker: What's your number?

Kristen: 679-229-76.

Brennan: Her number shows up on your crystal and it says Tracker and there's like a little winky face.

Kristen: I have to go.

Ally: and I run, I sprint.

Brennan: Sprint away from there, you guys move along. Other loose ends that we're just gonna cover. Yeah, the cats and owls disappear almost immediately that happened way long ago, the cats and owls are gone. Who has Edgar the Rat, Edgar the Rat's just -

Murph: I have Edgar the Rat.

Emily: Yeah, what’s up with that rat?

Brennan: He's just like a good pet. Edgar's like a nice little rat.

Fig: You're so lucky to have a pet that's alive.

Riz: You have two dads.

Fig: That's true.

Brennan: You see that going into like sort of thick of winter and heading towards into the spring, you guys have been having just a really solid year. Let's go around and everyone just say sort of like how you're feeling as the year kinds of rounds into spring as you know the sort of cops took over the case and you guys are having a sort of dynamite year at school. What's going with you over the course of that year?

Siobhan: I mean I'm still frustrated with my parents that I'm doing so well at the school and it truly means nothing to them.

Zac: I'm just happy I have some friends and, every now and then, see Zelda in passing and try to talk to her, but it doesn't quite happen.

Zelda: Ah, eh,

Brennan: and walks away.

Gorgug: Okay.

Emily: I think I'll probably since I have two dads now, my rebellion is kind of calming down, so I probably actually go take some band classes and stuff like that, and then also I fake sick a lot to go see Dr. Asha at the hospital.

Brennan: On your first attempt to do that, I'm gonna need you to roll a deception check.

Emily: Okay, mm, 15.

Brennan: Uh.

Emily: Oh wait, I get an advantage, don't I get an advantage because of Actor?

Brennan: Oh you do you get an advantage, yeah.

Emily: Okay, 20.

Brennan: 20, you sneak into the hospital and find this adult dwarf who believes you to be an adult.

Fig: Hey, we just haven't talked since the kiss.

Dr. Asha: What do you mean we haven't talked since the kiss?

Fig: The kiss, we kissed.

Dr. Asha: Dr. Keller, you work here everyday.

Fig: I know, but we haven't talked, you know we talk surface level, but we haven't -

Brennan: So he closes the door and he says -

Fig: Heart to heart.

Dr. Asha: You're pregnant?

Emily: And then I quickly manifest a little pregnant stomach to my disguise,

Fig: Yeah, with twins.

Dr. Asha: Whoa, twins? But the ultrasound.

Fig: It was a triplet, but we lost one.

Dr. Asha: What? No!

Brennan: just smacks the door open and runs.

Fig: This is a really vulnerable time for both of us, just give me one more kiss.

Brennan: He turns around and says,

Dr. Asha: I'm so sorry.

Brennan: passionate kiss,

Dr. Asha: God, you kiss so weird sometimes.

Brennan: He sprints out of the room and yeah, you're engaging in something truly disturbing. You guys -

Ally: Something truly disturbing.

Brennan: How about you guys as the year goes along?

Lou: It feels right to be stepping into my rightful place or at least be taking steps toward becoming king of the school. It's nice to have my crew, party with me along the way.

Brennan: Mm, lovely.

Ally: I've been going with Tracker to like insanely gay events, but I go and I kind of go to the bathroom immediately and stand in there for a really long time, just happy that I'm there. And then I almost always fake a phone call from my parents and leave right away.

Murph: I think Riz is feeling some residual guilt for not finding Penny yet, but he's also super happy that he has friends now. He was a better detective when he was a loser, or at least that's what he's afraid of.

Siobhan: Yeah, well I think that Adaine probably is doing some extracurricular reading on palimpsests still, I think that's a thing.

Brennan: That's awesome, I think you two Adaine and Riz probably talked the most about those palimpsests, but it is hard, because life is good now, you definitely feel the edge being taken off and there's that guilt there. And there's always this, just there's something in your head of like a clue or something you missed that just tickles the back of your mind and then it's like the next fun thing with your friends or the next cool adventure, the next thing.

Fabian: Oh and I'd like to say one more thing. Now that things feel more solid, that these friendships that we have are true, it was I that got you all the gifts. It was me.

Kristen: Really?

Fig: Oh my God.

Fabian: Yes.

Adaine: Fabian.

Riz: Fabian, that was -

Fig: Fabian, that's so cool.

Gorgug: You got yourself a gift?

Fabian: Well, I didn't, I - here's the thing about being wealthy, is that often people who surround you are interested in that and only that and I didn't want, I wanted you all to stay, but I didn't want to give in so hard that you all thought that that was the only, I didn't want -

Adaine: I mean if I'm being honest the thing that's worst about you is how you're wealthy.

Fabian: Oh.

Adaine: But thank you.

Fabian: Thank you?

Kristen: Wow.

Fig: Just, I you know -

Kristen: Wow wow.

Adaine: You've risen in my estimation. That you didn’t say anything.

Fig: You know what, Fabian opened the floodgates. I know I can be a hard book to read, a tough cookie to crumble.

Kristen: No, you're pretty transparent.

Fabian: No, not at all.

Riz: You're transparent.

Adaine: You're the most transparent person at the -

Fig: A stale cracker to eat some turkey off.

Kristen: Excuse me? You've been hanging out with Gilear and eating dinner with him too long.

Riz: Anyway, thank you, Fabian, we really appreciate it.

Kristen: Yeah, we really appreciate it, Fabian.

Adaine: Thank you, Fabian.

Brennan: You see Gilear walking into the room where you're hanging out.

Gilear: More turkey crackers?

Kristen: Oh no, we're okay.

Fabian: I really couldn't.

Adaine: Yeah, I'm full.

Fig: Yes please.

Adaine: I have this waybread that I'm still looking at.

Gilear: Very well.

Adaine: Would you like some?

Gilear: Oh, Elven waybread, I better not, I can't afford it and -

Adaine: No no no, it's mine, I have it, it's fine, I'm giving it to you.

Gilear: No, I'm saying if I eat it, I'll remember what it tastes like and I won't be able to get it later.

Kristen: Wow, that's dark.

Adaine: I mean I can just, we have a ton of it at my house -

Gilear: No no, Gilear is happy with the turkey crackers.

Kristen: I feel like -

Emily: Wait wait, can we see as he turns around that I stitched him a little shirt that says Lunch Lad on the back, like a jersey?

Gilear: It's my only shirt without holes.

Gorgug: Can I ask you a question?

Gilear: Yes!

Gorgug: How did you think of turkey crackers?

Gilear: Well, there's a Bastion Market near here that gets rid of its food and the turkey gets thrown out in a sealed bag.

Fabian: Oh my God.

Riz: I know that trick.

Gilear: I need to go to my night job.

Kristen: Noooooo.

Murph: I'd like to take the tray of turkey crackers and put it in the neverending bag while winking at Fabian like “Thanks for the gift, man”.

Fabian: Of course.

Siobhan: I pull out sandwiches for everybody.

Kristen: I feel like I’m also being forced to go to church by my parents. There's another thing that I remember.

Brennan: Your parents still want you to go to church. You spend probably some nights back at home and at other times, it's like not great at home and you're just staying with friends and stuff like that.

Emily: I have one more thing I've been secretly doing, which is just that Gorthalax like I've been trying to sort of emulate what he does which is like just low key I haven't told any of them, I've never done it to any of them, but I'm kind of charming people into revealing their true selves, so I'm taking people like like when Gorthalax gave that whole speech about how he's not bad he just tempts people to reveal their true selves, I've been doing that on like a low level.

Brennan: A low key level?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: That's rad as hell. So getting into like late winter early spring kind of like end of February-ish, you guys have this weird feeling of this sort of suspicious of something like missed and Riz, one night you're asleep in bed and you have this intense dream where you're like in this giant crystal palace or dome and you look in front of you and you see Penny Luckstone. Cool, fun halfling, the best babysitter you ever had. She's got like the freckles and the sort of like shorter, reddish hair, kind of tussled curly hair and always had like fun games and stuff like that, she walks over to you kind of like hair on her feet, no shoes and she says,

Penny: Hey Riz, how you doing, bud? God, you've gotten so big.

Riz: Where have you been?

Penny: Time's coming up pretty soon. I'm not gone yet. I don't blame you for not finding me.

Riz: Hey, well, I'm still going to find you.

Penny: I hope so. I love you, you're a good kid.

Brennan: She gives you a noogie,

Penny: but the time's coming and it's worse than you think.

Brennan: You wake up in bed.

Ally: Fuck.

Murph: Riz throws up.

Brennan: Adaine, that morning your father is sort of in a huff and he's sort of like,

Angwyn: Well, that goblin woman is going to be coming by next week sometime, so I'll have to be speaking with her.

Adaine: You mean my friend's mother?

Angwyn: Um, yes, the goblin.

Adaine: Mrs. Gukgak? Actually, Captain Gukgak.

Angwyn: Very well, very well, yes, yes, yes, she's coming by soon.

Brennan: You see that Aelwyn comes by and she says,

Aelwyn: Good morning, mommy, good morning, daddy, good morning, Adaine, how are you?

Adaine: Oh I'm so well, thank you so much for asking.

Aelwyn: All right, listen, I meant to ask, can I borrow one of your divination books? I have a test coming up and I'm a little bit fuzzy on some of my divinatory practices?

Adaine: Divination, I thought that you were good at everything.

Aelwyn: I'm focusing on Abjuration, but there are some elements of Abjurative magic and divinatory magic that are not complimentary, so I'm just a little fuzzy on some of the basics, can I borrow a book or do you want to rake me over the coals some more?

Adaine: You can borrow a book absolutely, I don't need it. I've already read them thank you.

Aelwyn: Very well, Adaine,

Brennan: she lets herself upstairs.

Adaine: I can show you if you like, it's very easy, at least for me.

Brennan: She goes up into your room and she says,

Aelwyn: Read them?

Brennan: She says,

Aelwyn: Are these two library books, they're wildly overdue?

Brennan: And she holds up the two library books that you took out at the beginning of the school year from the library. They've just been like buried under dust that you never got around to reading.

Siobhan: Ah.

Brennan: Or did you read them? I don't think you did, I never described the books.

Siobhan: I don't think I've read them, yeah, no.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a roll for panic attack.

Siobhan: 6, is that a 6 or a 9, they are next to each other and identical. Oh it's a 9. 
Brennan: Oh okay. But it beats so it beats a 10?

Siobhan: No. 
Brennan: Oh, okay, but do you add your Wisdom modifier to it?

Siobhan: Oh my Wisdom modifier, which is a Wisdom saving throw, so it's yes. 
Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: Yeah, no, 14.

Brennan: Cool, you manage to calm yourself, but yeah, these two wildly overdue books that you haven't read are there in your home.

Adaine: Oops. 
Brennan: You see that she says,

Aelwyn: All right, I'm just gonna borrow these ones, thank you.

Adaine: No no no no no no no, borrow the ones that aren't library books. 
Aelwyn: All right, here.

Brennan: She gives you the library books, takes some of your divination books, like your home textbooks and heads off. Those books, which I assume Adaine cracks into as soon as possible, the two books are The Aeons of Solace. The information in that book as you sort of burn through it is that Solace was at one time a human monarchy whose royal family was connected through blood and marriage to the royal family of Highcourt, kind of explaining the relationship there. However, Solace was conquered some centuries ago by Kalvaxus, Emperor of the Red Waste, of whom the Nightmare King and the Lords of the Necronomikron were mere pawns, and Kalvaxus laid Solace to waste. However, Alexandria the 12th of the House of Tallerin, Queen of Solace and sole surviving member of the royal family, gathered her strongest allies and defeated Kalvaxus in combat. Solace was thus liberated and shortly thereafter the monarchy was disbanded and the first Council of Chosen was formed. The Elven Oracle, Eleminthindriel, spoke with Alexandria after the defeat of Kalvaxus and was to return if there were ever to be trouble.

Zac: One more time. 
Brennan: Yeah, Adaine seems a little confused by some of that.

Adaine: It's just some history isn't it, I -?

Brennan: Yeah, it's some history, yeah, Solace was thus liberated, so Alexandria defeated Kalvaxus, Solace was thus liberated, shortly after the defeat of Kalvaxus, the monarchy was disbanded and the First Council of Chosen was formed at the foundation of Solace.

Emily: Sorry, the monarchy was, Kalvaxus was the monarch or he was just -

Siobhan: No, Kalvaxus was the demon from the Forest of the Nightmare King that was worse than the Forest of the Nightmare King.

Brennan: Kalvaxus, Emperor of the Red Waste. It says that the monarchy was disbanded, so Alexandria was victorious and after her victory the monarchy was disbanded.

Siobhan: And she was a human right?

Brennan: She was a human. 
Siobhan: It was a human.

Brennan: And you see that there's a painting in the book, like an illustration of the first Council of Chosen of Solace, which is Langstone Thistlefarthing, Morris Vans Zweiwild, Annabelle Troth, Liriel Celengrook, Calesir Rockboot, and you see behind the Elven Oracle, Elementhindriel, there's a slight attribution, you see that there is a young handsome-looking wizard, and you see it says secretary and paramour to the Oracle, Arthur Aguefort.

Siobhan: How old was Professor Aguefort?

Brennan: Well, you read Aguefort's biography right after that.

Siobhan: The spicy one?

Brennan: The really spicy one. It is hard to get through, it reddens your cheeks more than a couple times, you see that there's a bunch, it's honestly not a very helpful historical text. He doesn't put dates and he only uses first names for people, so it's like it's sort of like a memoir, it's like a spicy memoir more than anything. There's a bunch of weird jokes in it. He does a good interpretation of a lot of magic and you're excited, you get to the portion on divination, like what does Arthur Aguefort say about divination, you get there and you see one of the lines is,

Arthur Aguefort’s Memoir: “The strongest of all divination, of course is the art of prophecy. You know what I have to say about prophecy? Chuck them in the bin, ha ha ha,”

Brennan: - phonetically spelled out and then parentheses -

Arthur Aguefort’s Memoir: “(this is not a joke)”.

Siobhan: You should chuck prophecies in the bin? Have we had a prophecy? There was that oracle that died in the boat. Maybe in Aguefort's bin, there's something that we should look in?

Brennan: As Adaine grapples with that, we're gonna to cut over to downtown to Seacaster Manor.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Fabian's getting ready for school, you're looking great, you get some nice cuts and bruises from the field, life is good, you're getting the Hangman ready and you see that your father Bill Seacaster comes out holding a giant sack of gold, he's got the pirate coat on. You see there's a thin, reedy-looking human man in a dark suit, sort of watery eyes and sort of pale blond hair, who walks out, handing the sack over to Bill Seacaster, you see Bill says,

Bill: Very well, Mr. Hughes, happy to do business with you. Ah, Fabian, my darling boy.

Fabian: Ah Papa, good morning, who's your guest?

Bill: Mr. Hughes, this is my boy Fabian Aramais Seacaster, captain of the Aguefort Owlbears.

Fabian: Oh ho ho, Papa, but yes Mr. Hughes I am captain. How do you do today?

Brennan: You see that Mr. Hughes says,

Mr. Hughes: Very good, pleasure to meet you young man, my name is Mr. Hughes.

Brennan: You see he says,

Mr. Hughes: Well, all being said and done, Captain Seacaster, young Mr. Seacaster, I'll be on my way.

Brennan: You see your dad looks at you and goes,

Bill: That's right, Captain Seacaster,

Brennan: you see he looks over at you, squints his eye, looks at the retreating business man and says,

Bill: Not Mr. Seacaster, Captain Seacaster as well.

Fabian: Papa, what business were you doing this morning?

Bill: Hm?

Fabian: What business were you up to?

Bill: Oh, the gentleman Mr. Hughes was the representative of a bank down Bastion City way and he's contacted me for some work in my retirement.

Fabian: Oh fantastic. Oh, that sounds lovely.

Bill: Mm-hmm.

Fabian: That's a nice way to start the day.

Bill: Well, what can I say, retirement's getting a little bit dull, well off I am to dust up on the old skins, you have a wonderful day at school there young man.

Fabian: You show them, Papa.

Brennan: And he walks back into Seacaster Manor.

Lou: Ah great.

Brennan: A few days after that, Detective Gukgak comes over for dinner at the Abernant home. A couple hours before that happens, you see that Aelwyn is looking kind of a little bit like in her thing where she gets really prim and proper and very like respectful when she's under a lot of stress, so she goes like,

Aelwyn: Mummy, Daddy, I'm so sorry I have to skip dinner today, I'm out with a friend doing a little bit of studying these finals are coming up and I'm worried I won't get a perfect score, so I must away I'm afraid.

Brennan: You see that the - 
Adaine: I've gotten perfect scores on all of my tests. 
Aelwyn: What's that? Disemboweling a gremlin? 
Siobhan: I cast Ray of Sickness on her. 
Brennan: You cast Ray of Sickness, she resists the spell.

Aelwyn: All right, quite enough thank you.

Brennan: The door opens and you see that Penelope Everpetal is at the door, you see that Aelwyn looks over and says,

Aelwyn: Penelope,

Brennan: and you see that Penelope says,

Penelope: Oh my God, your house is so cute,

Brennan: They kiss on each other's cheek, Aelwyn says,

Aelwyn: Ta ta.

Adaine: Why are you studying with somebody from my school? You hate my school.

Brennan: You see that Penelope looks over and says,

Penelope: Because I'm a great sorceress.

Adaine: Why are you studying with a sorceress? You're a wizard.

Brennan: You see that Aelwyn says,

Aelwyn: Maybe when you're a little older you'll learn. Ta ta,

Brennan: and she -

Adaine: I think she's sneaking out.

Brennan: You see that your mother says,

Arianwen: Aelwyn sneaking out? Never, she's a good girl.

Brennan: At that precise moment, the doorbell rings again and you see that Detective Gukgak walks into the home, accompanied by Gilear. You see the two of them walk in. You see that Gilear walks up to your father, he says,

Gilear: Uh, sir -

Siobhan: I'm like, this is not what I meant when I said bring an Elf.

Gilear: Mr. Abernant, my name is Gilear Faeth.

Brennan: You see that your father says,

Angwyn: Oh, a Wood Elf, very well, take a seat at the breakfast nook.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: Yes, I've come to accompany as sort of an Elven intermediary as Detective Gukgak’s questions concern some matters of culture. By the way, do you have any food here? I didn't manage to eat before I got here.

Brennan: You see that Sklonda kind of looks up at him and says,

Sklonda: Yeah, we just had a couple questions. This is sort of a something I wanted to talk about as quick as possible, my case is actually probably going to be shut down by the end of the week, but we just have some sort of followup questions for you as this thing sort of moves over to the Council.

Brennan: She proceeds to talk about Daybreak and some other different stuff, talks about the tea, palimpsests, Zayn Darkshadow, the association with DJ Brainzz was also like an accomplice in this whole thing. She talks about the fact that Coach Daybreak was found to be responsible for the attack on Biz Glitterdew and the murder of Zayn Darkshadow. She has a file, they recovered Zayn Darkshadow's body. They found it and did a whole thing with it and you hear her talking, you see that your father says,

Angwyn: Adaine, why don't you run along upstairs?

Siobhan: I cast Clairvoyance in a place that my parents cannot see it, because I assume that they can see the ethereal plane, and listen in on the conversation upstairs.

Brennan: Rad, you actually regain your Ray of Sickness spell -

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: With your new divination ability, you see that she says,

Sklonda: So the main thing we're trying to understand is, first of all, the conjuration of that corn monster shouldn't have been able to happen. There's a ward against that, there's a book in the restricted section of the library that is enchanted to prevent conjuration. “Watches and Wards” should have prevented that conjuration from occurring.

Brennan: He says,

Angwyn: Well I certainly don't know anything about Aguefort's defensive capabilities. However, if what you're saying is true that there was an attack on the girl or an attempted attack on Kristen Applebees, that would have been an act of perditional contradoxy.

Brennan: You see that Detective Gukgak says,

Sklonda: Yeah, starting an apocalypse.

Brennan: You see he says,

Angwyn: Well, that's debatable whether it would have started an apocalypse. That's religious theory that may or may not be true. Gods like to claim that apocalypses are happening because it revs up interest in the faith. You tell people that something is always going to be available, there's not an urgency on it, so you have sort of eschatology for people to come and get excited about the world ending and the world is not going to end. Perditional contradoxy is an element of the treaty between Solace and Highcourt. When Solace came under the jurisdiction of the Council of the Chosen, much of the human clergy was left in Solace in what was a semi-theocratic state. Part of Highcourt not going to war with the fledgling nation was built into the treaty, which is that the soul of any chosen of the Sun God would never occur on Solasian soil. An act of perditional contradoxy would countermand that treaty and likely incite a war.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Sklonda: Huh, and do you know anything about the death of the Elven oracle?

Brennan: You see he says,

Angwyn: No, I can't say I do.

Brennan: He says,

Angwyn: I knew the Cerulean went down and she was aboard, a terrible tragedy.

Brennan: You see that she, you hear Detective Gukgak say,

Sklonda: You know my husband was an operative at the state department when he was alive, and was assigned to that, so sorry you don't know anything more, thanks for your time.

Brennan: And you see that Detective Gukgak gets up and leaves.

Siobhan: Oh God, I get on the weird religious messaging service.

Emily: Prayer Chain?

Ally: Prayerchain.com.

Siobhan: Prayer Chain, because I don't think my parents can be monitoring prayerchain.com, and I'm like

Adaine: “guys some shit just went down and I think I maybe remember the case that we were doing and we forgot about it, but it's still happening? There is stuff happening and I think that it's, oh my God, we need to meet up right now, let's go get ice cream.”

Brennan: The rest of you guys are actually elsewhere. You guys got an invitation from Ostentatia Wallace for a dope house party.

Lou: What?

Brennan: You guys got a -

Emily: Yeah!

Lou: Ostentatia? Ah ha hah!

Brennan: Ostentatia Wallace sent you guys a dope invite.

Siobhan: She invited everybody but me?

Zac: I got one?

Brennan: Gorgug got one as well.

Emily: Yeah, you're popular now. Um, when I got the invitation, I was like,

Fig: Yo, do you need anyone to play?

Brennan: You see she says,

Ostentatia: Oh, that'd be awesome, you could play if you want, you could like set up in the backyard and like play?

Fig: Yeah, I'm definitely going to do that.

Brennan: You guys arrive at the house, it's 69420 Spell Jammer Lane in Clearbrook.

Lou: Spell Jammer.

Brennan: You guys see that -

Zac: 69420?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: You guys see you guys see that -

Emily: Oh, it's too late I was looking for a clue in that, not -

Brennan: Ha ha! You guys get there and you see it's a party that's being thrown by the Hudol kids, so the Hudol Hellions are throwing a party for the Aguefort Owlbears because they forfeited the season and it's the first time Hudol’s won.

Lou: Oh, okay.

Emily: Hudol’s where your sister goes, right?

Zac: Do we get a chance to chat?

Siobhan: I bet she's at that party.

Zac: Are we -?

Emily: Do we get a chat from Adaine?

Murph: Is Adaine there?

Brennan: Adaine's not there yet. You guys are at the party. You see the kid who's the host of the party comes up to you you see he goes,

Percival: Hello, my name is Percival Nevelsvine. I'm the quarterback of the Hudol Hellions.

Emily: No.

Zac: He's a quarterback?

Percival: Welcome to my house party.

Fabian: Hello comrade, ha ha.

Percival: Very well, from one athlete to another, so sorry about the loss of your coach. 

Fabian: Yeah, well I killed him myself.
        
Percival: Well bully for you! There are some tables with beer pong set up in the backyard. There's a keg with libations and a pool which you may feel free to jump in. Perhaps we will skinny dip later.

Fabian: Oh.

Emily: What?

Brennan: All weird-looking dudes, house party is all weird-looking dudes.

Fig: Maybe I won't do that.

Brennan: As you guys are there though you guys see that a woman walks into the party, first woman you guys have seen you have been here. She walks in. She's got like a peach shirt like tied up to show her midriff and denim shorts. It's like a beautiful, elven young woman with like long hair kind of braided. She opens the door, walks in, you see the guy, Percival says,

Percival: Ah, you're here!

Brennan: She grabs a bottle of liquor smashes it over his head.

Brennan: Cantrips the liquor into her mouth and goes,

Elf: Mm, I came here to fuck!

Siobhan: Oh my God!

Fig: Oh my God, hell yeah!

Riz: Can I - Who are you, what are you -?

Elf: Party is getting started, bam!

Brennan: A bunch of fucking Aguefort cheerleaders appear, just like gorgeous women with like flowing hair and their eyes are like glowing, they just walk into the party, you see Percival with a bloody nose goes,

Percival: Wonderful, wonderful the party is started.

Ally: I am pinching my leg so hard, because that's what I do when I'm overwhelmed sexually.

Brennan: You see that she looks at you Riz and says,

Elf: You're a funny little man, have you ever played knifey fingers?
        
        Gorgug: Do you - Um -

Riz: That sounds terrifying.

Elf: What, are you a little bitch?

Fabian: Oh, I love you.

Brennan: She walks right up to you, grabs the back of your head and plants a kiss on your mouth.

Lou: I go wild, just as hard right back.

Emily: Woo, yeah!

Brennan: Make an Insight check.

Zac: Yeah, I also want to make an Insight check. I got a 16.

Brennan: This is the craziest person you've ever seen.

Murph: I got a 27.

Brennan: You see that she fully dips you, like takes you into like the dip position, pulls your shirt down, pulls a little baggie of dragon spice out, pours it on your chest and, Woo!

Elf: All right, this is a Hudol party, so I'm going to set the rules. First of all, one person invisible at all times. If you manage to stab them, they have to drink. Let's do this!

Fig: You are -

Gorgug: That's the only rule?

Fig: You aren't Adaine's sister are you?

Elf: Oh, you're one of Adaine's little friends?

Fabian: Wait, are you Adaine's sister?

Elf: Aelwyn Abernant in the flesh.

         Fabian: Oh!

Kristen: You just kissed Adaine's sister?

Fabian: Fuck yes!

Kristen: You can't do that to a friend.

Fabian: Oh, I’ll do it -

Brennan: We're going to cut back real quick to - We're coming back to the Abernant home, you look and see Aelwyn's door open to her room that you're not allowed to go in.

Siobhan: I fucking sneak the shit in that room.

Brennan: You see in the center of her room, go ahead and make a Detect Magic or make an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Guh, 11?

Brennan: You snoop around, tossing and turning stuff over each other, you see a spell open of enchantment spells to a spell called Modify Memory. You also see a small thing in her closet, buried in the back of her closet. There is a small model of a ship, a little wooden ship called The Harpy and you see that around it are runes covered all the way around this little thing that are evocation storm runes.

Siobhan: the Harpy?

Emily: the Harpy, didn't someone die -

Siobhan: Wasn't that the ship that the Oracle went down in?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: The ship the Oracle went down in was called the Cerulean.

Siobhan: This is a different ship? ...That little fucking bitch, I knew she was bad.

Brennan: You start to get texts from people you knew at Hudol showing your sister making out with Fabian.

Siobhan: Oh my God, I'm gonna fucking kill everybody.

Ally: Everybody!?

Murph: I feel like I would definitely text Adaine to come to this party, because Riz is no longer having fun at high school since that dream.

Siobhan: I run downstairs, I show them the picture of my fucking sister at a party and then I run after them.

Angwyn: Well, that could have been doctored.

Siobhan: I hate my parents.

Brennan: You rush away. You get to the party, it is fucking going off. Like cheerleaders are everywhere.

Emily: Am I playing my bass?

Brennan: You're playing your bass in the backyard.

Zac: Can I ask for my the one tool or proficiency to be playing a basic drum beat?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely, cool.

Emily: Yeah, we are the band bitch.

Brennan: So you've joined into the band you're there doing your thing. You see, Kristen, one of the cheerleaders comes up to you at this party and she goes,

Cheerleader: Hi, I'm Fiona.

Kristen: So?

Cheerleader: What?

Kristen: What?

Cheerleader: What?

Kristen: I'm sorry, I'm wasted right now. What did you say?

Cheerleader: You're cute.

Kristen: Stop it.

Cheerleader: Hi, I'm Fiona.

Kristen: Hi, I'm Kristen.

Cheerleader: Tell me more about that.

Kristen: I am, oh my gosh, hey!

Ally: And I pretend to wave to someone behind her.

Brennan: Another cheerleader sees you waving comes over, and says,

Cheerleader: Hi, I'm River.

Kristen: Hi River, okay. What's crazy, you guys crazy party, you guys look bored.

Cheerleader: What?

Ally: I'm just going in the opposite direction.

Cheerleader: Tell me more about that.

Kristen: Okay, hey, do you guys wanna do body shots?

Cheerleader: Stop, tell me more about that.

Emily: Are they robots?

Kristen: Wait, you just said that.

Cheerleader: Awww.

Emily: They're fucking fake.

Kristen: Do you want to make out?

Cheerleader: You're cute.

Brennan: She goes straight to making out with you, and the party, you see all these weird sort of nerdy, these like wizard athletes and these giant Aguefort cheerleaders walking around. Everybody make a Perception check.

Siobhan: Am I there yet?

Emily: I don't need a Perception check to say -

Brennan: You bust in the door.

Emily: These people are -

Lou: 15.

Ally: 22.

Murph: 15.

Ally: 21.

Zac: Just a 9.

Siobhan: 12.

Brennan: Buh buh buh -

Zac: I'm concentrating on my beat, I'm not -

Lou: I really just want to try and make out with the woman some more.

Brennan: You see that Aelwyn looks over at you and says,

Aelwyn: All right, necromancy, I'm going to put a death spell in this bottle, all right? And then we're going to spin the bottle and whoever it points at it has to take it, how does that sound?

Lou: I reach out and spin the bottle.

Zac: No!!

Murph: I'm just furiously tugging at Fabian trying to be like,

Riz: Dude, don't -

Lou: I just look her dead in the eye just like eyefucking the shit out of her.

Brennan: She goes like,

Aelwyn: You're a nasty little fucking freak.

Fabian: Mm hm hm.

Murph: I'm going to try to find a similar bottle and Sleight of Hand and switch them.

Brennan: Make a Sleight of Hand check.

Murph: Okay, I pretend to like fall over while I'm grabbing Fabian and switch them. Sleight of Hand, only an 11.

Brennan: The bottle fucking smashes on the ground and a skull made of ash and smoke goes, and flies out the window and she goes,

Aelwyn: Party foul, you're a little -

Murph: Hide, hide. A 16.

Aelwyn: Where's that little goblin bitch, party foul?

Fabian: Wait, I'll find him.

Brennan: She says,

Aelwyn: You're that pirate's son aren't you?

Fabian: Yes I am.

Aelwyn: You're going to get keelhauled tonight, how do you feel about that?

Fabian: Oh, I can't wait.

Brennan: You see she says,

Aelwyn: Give me one second to go powder my nose again. God I love just fucking letting loose.

Brennan: You see that she just walks out of here.

Murph: I'm just furiously texting Adaine.

Brennan: Adaine, you burst in through the door.

Adaine: Where the fuck is she?

Brennan: Make a Perception check again, just you two.

Siobhan: Oh, I am gonna use my 19.

Murph: 15.

Brennan: Use your 19?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You see a residual of your sister going up the staircase, of like magic going up the staircase.

Siobhan: I cast Dispel Magic on her.

Brennan: Oh, you don't see her right now.

Siobhan: Oh, I don't see her. Great, then I fucking run up after her.

Brennan: Are you following?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys run up, you get to this door. The door is locked as you get there, but you hear the noise of her talking to Ostentatia on the other side.

Siobhan: Okay, well let's listen.

Murph: Shall we listen in, yeah?

Brennan: You hear,

Aelwyn: Listen, it's just a little bit of divinatory magic. Don't be a square, Ostentatia.

Brennan: Then she goes,

Ostentatia: Okay, I just don't know this Hudol stuff super well and I don't know, can you just take my word for it?

Aelwyn: I would love to be able to take your word for it, but we just want to make sure.

Brennan: Make an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Shit, 12.

Brennan: A spell you don't recognize, a unique spell, something crafted by your sister -

Siobhan: Uh huh.

Brennan: Is cast. You hear her say,

Aelwyn: Oh goody, you were telling the truth! Goodbye, Ostentatia.

Siobhan: I break down the door.

Murph: I break it down, bust in the door -

Siobhan: I use Freeze to freeze the door lock open, and -

Brennan: You use your basic Frost. Go ahead and make a Dexterity check to get through the door.

Murph: Okay. Just Dexterity?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Okay, 19.

Brennan: Boom, click, you click the door open, you rush in you see Aelwyn holding a crystal palimpsest in her hand.

Adaine: You fucking cunt.

Riz: You fucking cunt. 

Brennan: Ostentatia is sucked into the palimpsest, she looks, whips to see you.

Siobhan: I punch her in the face.

Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody to roll initiative.

Lou: Yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Oh, 23.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Brennan: That's all for this week on Fantasy High, tune in next week as it's sister versus sister, let's get it on. 
Siobhan: I'm gonna kill my sister!

[EPISODE12]

Brennan: Welcome back to Fantasy High. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan, these are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: They're still doing it and we still love it. Guys, last we left off. We were at old 69420 Spelljammer Lane at a party.

Murph: Sick.

Brennan: Sick.

Emily: I didn't get that at first.

Brennan: For the Hudol Hellions, the team of the Hudol College of the Arcane Arts, this sports party has some unlikely sports-goers but a group of Aguefort cheerleaders have showed up along with Aelwyn Abernant. We have rolled initiative. Riz, you are the first to act. Let me know what it is you would like to do.

All: Oooh.

Ally: Oh my goodness.

Lou: Wow wow wow.

Ally: Now we can see, no.

Zac: What?

Ally: What?!

Brennan: You can see that Adaine and Riz are on the second story looking in at Aelwyn who has just pocketed the Palimpsest with Ostentatia Wallace inside it.

Murph: Cool. I am going to roll on in and I'm gonna try to get, does she get an opportunity attack if I like, go past her over here?

Brennan: If you leave with threatened range, yes.

Murph: She just gets like a melee attack?

Brennan: That's correct.

Murph: She's a wizard. Sure. Take your swing.

Brennan: Does a 15 hit.

Murph: Sure does.

Brennan: She slices you for 8 points of damage.

Murph: Cool, that's more than I would have liked.

Brennan: As you rush out thinking, like okay here's this like party, you see that a sliver mercury like liquid dagger appears in her hand and she slashes you across the cheek as you run.

Emily: How do you feel about that, Fabian?

Lou: That's hot.

Murph: So yeah.

Lou: That's very hot.

Murph: So I run over by the bed.

Emily: Is it in here, the bedroom or the bathroom that they were?

Murph: We're in the bedroom.

Emily: Oh I thought, okay, sorry.

Brennan: You guys are in the second story bedroom, yes.

Ally: You thought they followed her to the bathroom?

Murph: So I run over to try to get out of the same spell range as Adaine and then I'm gonna use my, or yeah, I'll go as back, as far back as I can.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: By this bed.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: And then I'm gonna use my inquisitive, or my Insightful Fighting to try to get a read on her, so I guess -

Brennan: She rolls Deception, correct?

Murph: Yep.

Brennan: You gotta beat a, you just have to beat a 9.

Murph: Oh sweet, I have a plus 8, so and I got a nat 1, so I get a 9.

Brennan: Nat 1’s an automatic failure, my man. Here’s the problem. Aelwyn Abernant is alive with arcane energy and a confidence that makes you feel truly uncomfortable to the core of your being.

Murph: Cool, then I have to just shoot her. 20 to hit.

Brennan: 20’s going to hit. Go ahead and roll damage.

Murph: Cool. Just regular -

Emily: Wow. Shooting a teenager.

Zac: Oh god.

Murph: Oh my god. 5 damage.

Brennan: You deal 5 points of damage.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that you draw your gun as it goes right for her head, a circling miasma of runic patterns, goes in front of it. You notice that your bullet does crack the runic patterns, it appears to damage them.

Murph: Okay. She's got like temp, she's got some temp HP or something.

Brennan: That is now going to be Aelwyn's turn.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Dispel Magic on my bitch of a sister.

Brennan: I know you want to but it Aelwyn's turn.

Siobhan: Oh, it’s Aelwyn's turn. Fuck!

Zac: I'm glad that even you get it confused.

Siobhan: It's confusing, all of our names sound very similar and that's my parents’ fault.

Ally: I can't imagine having a sister.

Lou: In life?

Ally: It would be really confusing for me.

Murph: Just -

Siobhan: I mean you’re not attracted to your sibling.

Ally: Of course not. I don't know. They're just like, sisters do like cute things like fix each others hair and I think I -

Siobhan: That's not true of me and my sister.

Ally: No?

Emily: That’s definitely not true of me and my sister.
 
Lou: Definitely not true of me and my sister.

Siobhan: I guess I dyed my sister's hair pink. Does that count?

Ally: That’s kinda cool. I don't mean sexually confused, I just think there would just have been more femininity in my life growing up and I just would have been -

Siobhan: Than your very gay brother?

Brennan: Riz, you take -

Ally: Yeah. My gay brother's very effeminate.

Brennan: You take 13 points of fire damage as -

Murph: Is that attack spell or is it a range?

Brennan: It is an attack spell.

Murph: Okay, so I'm gonna use Uncanny Dodge to take half.

Brennan: Okay, cool. She whips around, you are Fire Bolted for a 13, so that would be 6 points of damage and Aelwyn vanishes.

Ally: What?

Murph: She's invisible.

Brennan: Thank you.

Zac: You're welcome.

Brennan: Gorgug's turn. You're just like playing your drums out here, you hear an explosion from upstairs.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: You hear a gunshot and then an explosion.

Zac: Can I make it an Insight check or a Perception check?

Brennan: Yeah make an Insight check, yeah go for it.

Zac: Nat 1.

Murph: Oh my god.

Ally: This gonna be a long one.

Murph: Zac, your dad made that explosion, man.

Brennan: You're not proud of this.

Brennan: But you've been struggling with this for so long that momentarily it occurs to you that there's a possibility, however slim, that you are your own dad.

Fig: Why’d you stop playing, dude?

Gorgug: Am I my own dad?! Did I go back in time?

Fig: I guess like, if you need to be.

Brennan: You may hold your action if you'd like or you can just say that Gorgug loses this action.

Zac: I mean, I'll be ready to attack.

Brennan: If anything like charges at you?

Zac: Yeah I feel weird so I -

Brennan: Cool. You guys see, Fabian you hear a noise behind you as you see one of the cheerleaders strides out and goes,

Cheerleader: Where are you going?

Brennan: You suddenly, all six of you feel one of the beer pong balls freezes in midair. You see that the dog going for the hamburgers over on the grill freezes with its mouth ust on them. All of you are still moving and the cheerleaders are moving. You see everything else has frozen in time. Make an Arcana check for me, by the way.

Ally: All of us?

Siobhan: Uhhhh. 15.

Brennan: You saw your sister take a silvery pocket watch out of her pants as she teleported away. That is, Fabian, this elemental comes running out at you. I'm going to need you to make a -

Fabian: Hey, I'm looking for your friend.

Brennan: You see she says,

Cheerleader: What? Tell me more about that.

Brennan: Wham! And it's just going to attack you.

Fabian: Oh.

Brennan: What's your armor class?

Lou: 19.

Brennan: I don't know how to describe what just happened, I just rolled two natural 1’s at the same time.

Murph: There's been four 1’s this fight.

Brennan: Already.

Ally: And some of us haven't even gone yet. Oh my god.

Brennan: The odds of two natural 1’s occurring on the same roll with two dice is truly astounding. You do not have to make a saving throw against whatever this thing's ability is. The cheerleader erupts into this like shadowy nighttime vortex whirlwind. You see that this cheerleader who is sort of swimming in the pool going,

Cheerleader: What? Aww. Hi, my name's River. Tell me more about that.

Brennan: Rushes out of the pool for Gorgug. You can go ahead and take a swing.

Zac: Okay. I got, oh, that's 16.

Brennan: 16 hits.

Zac: Hell yeah.

Murph: Sweet.

Zac: Good thing my great ax is oiled with some sort of magic. So that is a d12 plus, I'm not Raging, unfortunately, so that's only, 7 points of damage. And I don't get to take my other attacks, right?

Brennan: No, just the one.

Zac: Can I go into a Rage as I attack?

Brennan: Yeah you can go into a Rage as you attack, yeah.

Zac: Okay, cool. So that would be 2 plus 7, so that's 9 instead.

Brennan: 9, cool. 9 damage. You see that your ax glows and the like tin flower on your leather holster glows bright and you just hear voice saying like,

Digby: When you get mad, it's okay to stick up for your friends.

Gorgug: Thanks, Dad.

Brennan: This water elemental takes some swings at you, hits two times and deals first, 8 points of damage, halved to 4, and then 11 points of damage, halved to 5.

Zac: Okay. But so, but this type of damage is halved?

Brennan: This type of damage is halved. It’s just whacking at you.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Huge watery fists. Cheerleader is still like, has this like face this like, smiling and happy but her limbs get grotesque and like giant whirlpools of water. Her legs become this torrent of raging just mud and grass and things swept up into the whirlpool of her body. You see that is now going to be Kristen, that's your turn. You're making out with a cheerleader and you can see as the time thing stops you see that, your cheerleader starts to become like rocky and earthen as you make out with her.

Ally: Okay, I say,

Kristen: How did you come out to your parents?

Brennan: Do you want to hold an action or you think Kristen loses her action?

Ally: What do you mean?

Brennan: Do you want to like get, do you want to do something right now, cause thing is like rearing back to hit you?

Ally: Oh yeah, definitely. I am going to - Who is around me? It's just me in that room, right?

Murph: Oh yeah, you're -

Zac: I guess you -

Siobhan: Are you inside?

Zac: Yeah we're out here. Where is Fabian?

Lou: I’m in the hallway.

Zac: Yeah you can't see any of us.

Murph: You can do your Spirit Guardian.

Ally: Yeah. Yeah cool. I'll cast Spirit Guardians.

Brennan: Dope, hell yeah. Make sure that card’s ready and remind me, cause I think it's on their turn, right, that it does stuff?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. So just make sure to remind me about that. Keep me honest, cool? Great, Kristen casts Spirit Guardians.

Ally: And then I can run or?

Brennan: Yeah you can move if you like.

Ally: Okay yeah, I would like to get to kind of like a central location. Can I like, get to like, the stairs or something or like that?

Brennan: Sure, you can run out here. You see that there's an elemental in your way out here, you can see Fabian on the other side.

Ally: Oh maybe I'll go to those stairs, like the outside stairs.

Brennan: Oh the outside stairs.

Ally: Like just to be on the porch if people need to run by me.

Brennan: Dope, okay cool. Yeah you see an elemental attacking Gorgug out on the lawn. As this weird like, you see that like, a couple little drops of a light drizzle are like, falling about that fast as you guys fight. Now these guys go. This one. Moves over here and is going to take some swings at Gorgug. That's gonna hit both times. What's your armor class?

Zac: 14.

Brennan: 14. Yeah, it’s gonna hit both times. You take first 16 damage, halved to 8, and then 12 damaged, halved to 6. So 8 and then 6 damage.

Ally: Oh, I made a mistake on this Spirit Guardians. I'm supposed to claim who in my sight it doesn't affect. Is that cool?

Brennan: That's totally cool.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: You -

Ally: So obviously I'll do like Fig and Gorgug.

Zac: Damn.

Brennan: Dope.

Zac: That’s - Taking some hits.

Brennan: That's going to now be Fig.

Emily: Okay. I would like to cast Fear on these two girls, on these two cheerleaders, cheerleading elementals.

Brennan: Dope, they do a Wisdom saving throw for that. What's the DC on that Wisdom saving throw?

Emily: 16.

Brennan: Damn. You see that you, your infernal, your eyes light up with fire and they both go,

Cheerleaders: What? You're weird.

Brennan: And start to flee from you.

Emily: Ha ha!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Sick.

Emily: Oh and I also, and then I turn around at Gorgug and I wink at him.

Gorgug: What?

Ally: hell yeah.

Brennan: A little Bardic Inspiration.

Gorgug: That was Bardic Inspiration right?

Fig: Or was it? What do you think? Read into it.

Gorgug: I don't know.

Brennan: This fire elemental comes charging for Kristen. What's your armor class, Kristen?

Ally: 18.

Brennan: That's one hit. You take, 4, sorry you take 7 points of fire damage and you also catch on fire as this cheerleader goes.

Murph: The cheerleader has to do a Wisdom saving throw for Spirit Guardians.

Emily: For her Spirit Guardians, ‘cause she entered her Spirit Guardians.

Brennan: Rad, makes a Wisdom saving throw. Fails that Wisdom saving throw.

Murph: Three d8 radiant damage.

Ally: Cool. Three eights?

Murph: Yep.

Ally: Dope, 16.

Brennan: 16 points of damage, awesome.

Ally: I have a question. They, my, my Guardians show up as angelic, fey, or fiendish depending on who I am and I don't know who I am, so what do they look like?

Brennan: You see that, a group of phantasmal academic religious authors appear around you. You see they're sort of an older, bearded dwarven guy, and there's like a sort of fashionable eccentric looking older elven woman and their like, little tweed patches.

Guardian: It seems that in the light of our quest for freedom that we are condemned to eternally search.

Brennan: Fist goes through this elemental’s head.

Guardian: It is the questions not the answers that make the thinker.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: That elemental looks badly hurt.

Ally: This is insanely accurate.

Brennan: Another fire being. Roars out from the kitchen and attacks Fabian.

Lou: Oh well, I guess.

Brennan: What is your armor class, my good man?

Lou: 19.

Brennan: 19. That's going to hit only one time. You take 12 points of fire damage and also catch on fire.

Emily: Do you guys want to like, shout anything in Elvis, Elvish or anything like that?

Siobhan: I mean, if they're at Hudol, they all speak Elvish.

Brennan: That's now going to be

Lou: They're all frozen in time.

Brennan: Fabian, that's your turn. You take an additional 2 points of fire damage.

Lou: Okay.

Ally: Maybe telling us that she disappeared or something.

Emily: Yeah I guess that's what I'm saying. Like maybe just alert us that happened.

Lou: I uh, so I'm on fire.

Brennan: Fully on fire.

Lou: Is there a way to put, can I go -

Ally: I can help you.

Lou: But I don't know, I guess like can I run - Can I run and jump in the pool?

Brennan: You may absolutely run and jump in the pool.

Lou: Okay great. That's my, I think my first thought is, that I summon the Hangman, cause Aelwyn is clearly in trouble and we have to do something to impress her

Siobhan: I’m like, gonna fucking kill you.

Lou: But my second thought is that I need to put myself out.

Brennan: You need to put yourself out. Yes, go for it. You go to put yourself out. You call the Hangman. You hear in your mind the Hangman say,

Hangman: Master, I come to you now.

Brennan: The, and now it’s your movement, right?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six. So unfortunately if you wanted to have the pool this turn, you're gonna have to let that elemental get a swing on you.

Lou: I'll take the swing.

Brennan: And that fire elemental as well.

Murph: How much damage did you take from the fire?

Lou: Just 2.

Murph: Cool.

Lou: Let's treat it as a disengage, then. I won't get in the pool this turn.

Brennan: Okay cool. You fully disengage, you get the fuck out of there. That's going to be Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check to see what spell it was that my bitch sister used to get the fuck out of there?

Brennan: You absolutely may. Make an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Great. Oh uh. 14?

Brennan: 14’s gonna do it. 10 plus the spell level. She used a spell called Misty Step which is only a 30 foot teleportation.

Emily: Oh, she used a fucking teleportation.

Siobhan: Teleportation.

Murph: 30, she's not far, though.

Siobhan: Yeah, uh. Okay.

Murph We're up by a window, right? Probably look out the window.

Siobhan: We are by a window. I would like to cast Blink. So when I, at the end of each turn I roll and if I hit an 11 or higher I Blink into the Ethereal plane until my next turn.

Brennan: Awesome. Dope as hell.

Siobhan: Great. So I, I tell Riz,

Adaine: She's teleporting, she could turn up back anywhere in this room, you should fucking hide.

Riz: Okay.

Siobhan: She can't, when she's teleporting, can she see what's going on in the room?

Brennan: The spell that you know she just cast is an emergency bail out. It is not a powerful teleportation. It's a quick ‘get me 30 feet away from here’ and it can't go farther than 30 feet and it's not something she can do forever.

Riz: I think we gotta find her.

Siobhan: Yeah we got to find her.

Riz: I think she's running.

Brennan: Cool, that's as much conversation that you guys can do right now. Adaine casts Blink. And you begin to pierce through the veils of multidimensional reality. Good school work this year on your spellcasting. Go ahead and roll.

Siobhan: 15.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Adaine fucking vanishes. You are standing in a strange gauzy, glassy, misty version of this in the ethereal plane. The house is permeable. The walls and floors and ceilings are all permeable to you and you can see vague outlines of creatures but there's no obvious of your sister here.

Siobhan: She can go up or down?

Brennan: Teleport can go in any direction.

Siobhan: Okay, so I, I'm just gonna spend my entire time  between my this turn and the next turn like checking on this floor and the floor below me to see what's going on.

Brennan: Okay, so you're basing, go ahead and make a Perception check.

Siobhan: Yeah. Uh, 21.

Brennan: You eagle eye looking for some trace. The Ethereal plane is full of runes moving around, deep little whips of little magical things. You are scanning, looking through the matrix of the fucking Ethereal plane like, “Where are you, where are you, where are you?” We move now to the last of the elementals to go. Earth elemental comes out to Kristen takes two swings at you. Hits you for 7 points of damage.

Ally: Alright.

Brennan: It goes,

Cheerleader: What?

Zac: This one right here.

Murph: Wisdom saving throw for that one.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: That just attacked Kristen.

Emily: Yeah Wisdom saving throw ‘cause it got in the Spirit Guardians.

Brennan: The slime cheerleader comes around the side doing a double move action. Wisdom saving throw. Not successful.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: It’s three d8s.

Ally: Alright. 

Murph: Come on.

Ally: 7, 2 and 2. Alright, 11.

Brennan: 11 damage?

Kristen: Yeah, and I'm on fire. Does that add anything extra to me? Like in a bad way, any extra damage?

Lou: I'm on fire.

Brennan: It does at the beginning of your turn, yes.

Ally: Okay cool.

Brennan: See one of, another professor says,

Guardian: Well, we think, therefore you die!

Brennan: Clocks the earth elemental. You feel strangely comforted by these ghostly philosophers surrounding you.

Kristen: Yeah, we're all asking the big questions.

Brennan: That is now going to be back to Riz.

Murph: Cool. In, let me look at the window and can I do a Perception check to see if I can see Aelwyn?

Brennan: Yes, which window d’you want to look out of?

Murph: The one right there that I'm next to.

Brennan: Right there? Go for it.

Murph: Fucking 9.

Brennan: Aelwyn's right down there casting a spell, dude.

Murph: Wait, what?

Brennan: You look out the window.

Murph: She's literally outside?

Brennan: Aelwyn is down on the fucking patio casting a spell.

Murph: I'm gonna jump out the window with my rapier out and just try to stab her in the head.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Or I guess I'll try to do my Insightful Fighting.

Brennan: Yeah go for it.

Murph: Okay, I'm gonna look down on her, try to get a read on her. That's going to be a 24.

Brennan: That succeeds.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Cool, okay. Just attack. Do I get advantage when I jump on somebody from a higher thing?

Brennan: I think, well you already have advantage from the insightful, right?

Murph: Alright, yeah. I'm just hoping to hit. See cause that's not gonna do it, 12.

Brennan: A 12 does not hit but do you roll advantage from Insightful or just gives you your Sneak Attack?

Murph: It just gives me my Sneak Attack, but I thought by -

Brennan: I'll say you get advantage from the jump.

Murph: Thanks for humoring me.

Ally: Aye.

Murph: Sweet, 21.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: That will do it.

Murph: Murph: Okay.

Riz: Your sister's out here. I don't know where you went. You wizards are tricky.

Ally: Hey.

Murph: 8, 12, 16. 20 damage. And I’m also gonna do Fury of the Small to do another six, 26 damage.

Brennan: 26 damage.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Adaine: Yes bitch, fuck her up.

Kristen: Where did that sound come from?

Brennan: You uh, bam! You crash through her runic ward and slice across her arm.

Aelwyn: Ah fuck! You little fucking freak, weirdo piece of shit. Fuck you!

Brennan: And you are now down here. Go ahead actually and make an acrobatics check, we'll say DC15 not to take any falling damage.

Murph: Yeah, that was pretty careless huh? Oh wait, wait. Oh no, 14. Fuck. Alright.

Brennan: You go ahead and take 6 points of damage from falling.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: You wound Aelwyn terribly and she vanishes. Adaine you see Aelwyn appear on the Ethereal plane.

Aelwyn: What the fuck? Oh that's bullshit.

Aelwyn: Fuck you.

Adaine: I'm gonna tell on you so bad, you're gonna be grounded forever.

Aelwyn: Not if I kill you and your friends first.

Adaine: Fuck you bitch, I'm gonna kill you so bad. I wanted to do this my entire life.

Aelwyn: And you're not going to get to. A sad ending to a sad chapter in a very sad book. Fuck you, I thought that was cool. I was doing a cool thing.

Brennan: It’s gonna be Gorgug.

Zac: Can I make an insight check but tell you about specifically what I'm trying to figure out or does that help at all, or no?

Brennan: Yeah you make an insight check and tell me what you're trying to figure out.

Zac: I'm trying to figure out if I can, use the elementals against each other.

Ally: Mhm.

Emily: Yeah, that's what I was thinking, too.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an insight check.

Zac: Oh, 18, 19.

Brennan: Doesn't seem so.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: They appear to be working together.

Zac: Should I rephrase, like literally make the water hit, like if I force them into each other?

Brennan: Oh! If you try to shove, you might be able to do some damage. You're not sure if it would be as good as your magical ax, but you might be able to do some interesting stuff. Especially if you could make it like, really impactful, you know what I mean?

Zac: Gotcha.

Brennan: Like find some way to make it really impactful.

Zac: Alright. Well I'm, for now, I'm just going to attack the one that already attacked me. Which is the wind one, right? Or the, I mean the one that already hurt.

Brennan: You're attacking the one that you already hurt, gotcha. You're going for the water elemental. Go for it, make an attack.

Zac: Alright, here we go. Ooh, I'm gonna roll my Bardic Inspiration.

Emily: Yeah!

Zac: 5 plus 8, 13.

Brennan: 13 misses.

Zac: Okay, can I take a second, my second attack?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: You can take your full attack now. You're raging.

Zac: Great.

Brennan: You’re freaking out.

Zac: Hell yeah. Ooh, uh. 20, but not nat.

Brennan: That will do it.

Zac: Okay. So. Nine, 14. 16.

Brennan: 16 damage?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: And then I'll do my frenzy on top of that.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Who are you doing it to?

Zac: The, the tornado looking one, I think.

Emily: Cool.

Zac: Oh, that's not gonna hit. That's just a 12.

Brennan: 12 misses. That's going to be shadow and water.

Emily: They're frightened, right?

Brennan: Yes, they are.

Emily: They are frightened.

Brennan: This one -

Zac: Oh! I forgot that they were frightened.

Brennan: This one disappears into the pool. Makes another saving throw at the end of this turn. Cool. That's going to be, oh and this shadow thing races out here. If it move through it, it happens.

Murph: Yes, it gets hit. Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. It’s gonna make a wisdom saving throw. Fails, go ahead and roll your damage.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Man, Spirit Guardians is so good.

Ally: Yeah, 15.

Brennan: 15 damage, god damn.

Murph: That spell is ridiculous.

Ally: Yeah, that's awesome.

Zac: And you're in like such a bottleneck spot.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: You see, another person says, there's sort of like monk with holy wrappings around their hands and forearms that says,

Guardian: The rule always striving, never arriving, perfection is a direction not a destination.

Brennan: And then shadow takes a crack across the jaw.

Cheerleader: You're weird.

Kristen: You're hot!

Brennan: That's not going to be, that was the shadow, the water ran away. Kristen on the beginning of your turn you take two points of fire damage.

Ally: Okay. That’s not too bad.

Brennan: And that's gonna be your turn.

Ally: Alright, great. Where's Riz?

Brennan: You don't, you haven't, you have no idea where Riz and Adaine. So you guys out in the backyard see the four of you, no clue what's going on with Aelwyn, no clue what's going on with Adaine or Riz.

Emily: Yeah feel free to shout down to us or something.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: I've been shouting. I don't know why you can't hear me.

Murph: I yelled a goblin war cry as I jumped out of the window.

Kristen: Yeah, I'll run into the pool, if I can get there, to get un-on-fire.

Brennan: Cool, you want to just run and jump into the pool? One, two, three.

Ally: Yeah, and while passing do I hit them or it’s only on their turn if they pass me?

Murph: I think it’s when they enter the first time and then on their turn. So these guys have all already taken it.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: That one is gonna get a swing on you, though.

Ally: Okay. Armor class 18.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Siobhan: God, these guys are so good.

Brennan: And you take 13 points of damage.

Ally: Geez.

Brennan:  You do jump into the pool, you hit the water and you splash, the water splashes and then freezes in midair as you like, push through it. You fully douse the flames.

Emily: Wait, the water's frozen now?

Murph: ‘Cause there's like a time stop thing.

Emily: Oh, I see. I see. Okay cool.

Brennan: So you're able to move it and douse yourself but the farther the water gets from you it begins to freeze back again. Meaning you can interact with objects here, but they slow as soon as they leave from your kind of ability to not have to be stuck in this weird time thing.

Lou: Can I ask, which one attacked Kristen?

Brennan: Which one attacked Kristen?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: That's going to be - Oh this shadow, air elemental thing.

Lou: Part of Sentinel, Sentinel, the Sentinel feat is that anyone who attacks a person, a creature within five feet of me, I get an attack on them?

Brennan: You absolutely get an attack.

Emily: Oh yeah!

Siobhan: Sick.

Lou: Fantastic. Yeah, that will be 24. So. Nine.

Brennan: Nine damage.

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: Rapier flashes out as this thing dares to hurt one of your friends and you injure this thing.

Cheerleader: Tell me more about that.

Ally: And then I'm gonna use my like move to heal, what was that one?

Emily: Healing Word?

Ally: Where I can heal multiple people?

Brennan: Mass Healing Word?

Ally: I'm just gonna do a small heal on myself cause no one’s really worried, right? I'm in the 20s.

Lou: Yeah, we're all good. You take care of you.

Ally: Okay, cool. Then that is a, what? A d4 with my spellcasting modifier. That's a two. My spellcasting modifier is?

Brennan: Five, I think. So, seven.

Ally: Five, okay cool.

Brennan: And then remember to add your Disciple of Life stuff.

Ally: Yeah, which is another two plus -

Brennan: Yes, spell’s level.

Ally: Spell level. Which -

Brennan: So four.

Ally: Four. Okay.

Brennan: 11 to you.

Ally: 11 cool. Okay. Kind of small, but, whatever.

Brennan: This whirling tornado that was just dominating at beer pong flies up into the sky.

Emily: Yeah bitch, bye.

Ally: Nice.

Emily: Frightened.

Brennan: Still scurred.

Brennan: This creature is going to all the way down the stairs and makes it to, out here. Lands besides Fig and is going to take it out on Fig. What's your AC?

Emily: 100.

Brennan: 100?

Emily: 12, 12.

Brennan: 12, okay.

Emily: 100, 152.

Brennan: Fig takes 12, and then 11 damage.

Lou: Is that within five feet?

Emily: Owww.

Brennan: It is, but you already used your reaction.

Lou: There it is. We're learning. First time with the feat, guys.

Emily: I look like it didn't hurt me at all but that was half my fucking hit points.

Ally: Oh my god.

Emily: So I'm like,

Fig: Is that the best you got?

Emily: But I'm clenching my asshole.

Brennan: You guys are at, these elemental cheerleaders are no joke. You see, some magic sort of moves between them and you see one of them goes,

Cheerleader: Hoot growl, Aguefort Owlbears. Destroy the enemies.

Brennan: The next person to go is going to be Fig.

Emily: Okay, can I do like - No, I just want to try, I want to cast Suggestion on the girl who just hit me. I would like to cast Suggestion.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: So yeah, I hit a sweet bass guitar chord that seduces the mind of this hot elemental.

Brennan: What's your suggestion?

Emily: I'm gonna tell her to throw the fire elemental into the pool.

Cheerleader: You're cute.

Brennan: Whips around to look at the fire elemental. You want to use your movement or are you good?

Emily: Oh, so now her attention isn't on me, right?

Brennan: Not on you.

Emily: Then I'm also gonna jump behind my boy Gorgug and while I'm jumping behind Gorgug I'm giving him another wink.

Gorgug: Oh. Two winks?

Brennan: That is now going to be fire elementals.

Siobhan: This is so stressful.

Brennan: Goes here. Is gonna take it out on Fabian.

Lou: Cracks.

Brennan: 19 armor class, correct?

Lou: Mhm.

Brennan: You go ahead and take 13 points of damage.

Lou: Cool.

Brennan: Fire damage, this thing wallops you. You are still ignited.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Other fire elemental crashes out through the front door, sees Riz. 15 armor class, correct?

Murph: Yup.

Brennan: And hits you for nine points of fire damage.

Murph: Uncanny dodge.

Brennan: And you are ignited.

Murph: Great.

Emily: Feel free to shout to us, you know, so we can help you.

Murph: I think, yeah,

Riz: Help!?

Emily: On your turn.

Riz: I'm hurt.

Brennan: That's going to be -

Murph: I'm gonna get out of there anyway.

Brennan: Fabian, at the beginning of your turn you take an additional six points of fire damage.

Lou: Goddamn.

Ally: Whoa.

Lou: Okay, can I, so this water that Kristen like, pushed up into the air when she - Is there a way for me to, I don't know, pull it onto myself without fully getting into the pool?

Emily: Are you like, worried about messing up your hair?

Brennan: No, you're gonna have to fully get into the pool.

Lou: I'm gonna have to get into the pool. That would involve, in some way, you know I'm gonna stab the shadow elemental.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Lou: Yeah and those are both hit, for, yeah - 21 and 24?

Brennan: Both hit.

Lou: Great. 13.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Murph: Nice.

Lou: And nine for - 13 plus nine equals 22.

Brennan: Woo! You see that your rapier flashes forward and injures this thing, but you can tell that your rapier, it’s like this thing should be magical you're like, as it goes out injuring it badly but it,

Cheerleader: I like you.

Fabian: Oh god.

Brennan: That's going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: Still in the Ethereal plane?

Brennan: No, you snap at the beginning of your turn.

Siobhan: Fuck, okay. Well, I - with Blink you can only come in within 10 feet.

Brennan: 10 feet. So you can -

Siobhan: Of where I was?

Brennan: You can go -

Siobhan: So, I am going to cast Web, which is a 20 foot cube, where Aelwyn went into Blink.

Brennan: Okay, cool. Let's figure this out. You're here. You can reappear 10 feet in any direction from that point in the house.

Siobhan: Okay, and she's down here?

Brennan: You know that she's down here as you saw her.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: And I yelled to ya that she was out there.

Siobhan: So that.

Zac: So that's here.

Siobhan: This much movement and then I can cast Web which is a 60 foot range.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Directly down. I yell,

Adaine: Riz, I'm sorry, but at least you’re fast.

Siobhan: ‘Cause it’s a dexterity saving throw.

Murph: Okay. I think you can just choose to not Web me, right?

Siobhan: Can I?

Brennan: I don't think that's true.

Murph: No? Okay.

Emily: I don’t think so, it’s probably like Entangle.

Brennan: Rad, you cast Web. I think people roll -

Ally: Nice thinking. That's crazy.

Siobhan: Oh fuck. There's the fire elemental right fucking there. Which will set the web on fire. I guess I don't do it on the fire elemental?

Brennan: So just Riz. Now, she's also not there right now cause she's not -

Siobhan: Yes, but when she pops back in, she will pop directly into where the web is.

Brennan: Okay, the web fills a 20 foot cube.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: So you're going to, okay so 10 feet on either side?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Gotcha. Wild. So you cast it here. Here’s the thing, there's a window here, I'm gonna need you to make an Arcana check to try to break through that window.

Siobhan: I'm gonna use my 17 roll.

Brennan: Oh hell yeah. That's so fucking rad.

Siobhan: Sorry I used all my rolls on me but, this is personal, you guys.

Emily: I understand.

Brennan: Fuck yeah. Webs appear. Strands of arcane energy cover the battlefield that is now going to be slime and mud. You see, where did mud go? One, two, three, it’s here. Gorgug.

Zac: Bring it on.

Brennan: This thing does not get an attack using double movement.

Zac: Um, 14.

Brennan: Two hits. You take 10, so then five and then, 13, so six. Five and six damage. Just, bam, bam. These huge stony pom poms smash into your face. That's going to be, back to the top, that's Riz. Need you to make a dexterity saving throw.

Murph: Mmm, 15.

Siobhan: It's a DC 15.

Brennan: You succeed.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Nice.

Murph: So what, that means I'm out of the web?

Brennan: You are out of the web.

Murph: Cool.

Riz: Where's your sister gonna pop up?

Adaine: Right where you're standing. Anywhere between 10 feet.

Riz: Cool!

Murph: Oh boy. Alright, I will then. Okay, this fire guy’s gonna fucking kill me. Alright, I am going to disengage from the fire elemental. Can I, okay the web is also in this window so I can't climb in this window, right?

Brennan: The web filled… The webs are difficult terrain. So it’s half movement, you're not restrained by them.

Murph: Okay, then in that case I'm just going to disengage as my bonus action with my goblin ability, and I'm just gonna move into the hallway.

Brennan: Sure. One, two, three, four, five, and six.

Murph: Okay. And I'm trying to figure out, you know what, I'm gonna take, I'm just gonna take a dash action. I'm gonna take a double movement, ‘cause I'm pretty banged up and I'm just gonna try to get like, over.

Brennan: Over there?

Murph: Kind of out of.

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six. Cool, so you make it out here, bam. Rad. That is now going to be Aelwyn's turn.

Siobhan: Oh wait. I didn't roll to see whether I go back into the Ethereal plane at the end of my turn.

Brennan: Oh yeah, go for it.

Siobhan: 17, I do.

Brennan: Cool. Aelwyn appears here in the living room, immediately stuck in webs. Let's see what her Dexterity save is.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: You hear from downstairs,

Aelwyn: Oh fuck!

Ally: And we can all hear that, right, we're like, kind of aware?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: I put my head and fingers through the ceiling and just fucking, she can't see it, but I’m just flipping her off.

Aelwyn: I know you're fucking watching, you little bitch. God I fucking hate you. Always taking my things, you're such a piece - you're so annoying!

Brennan: End of her round, she rolls, and appears back in the Ethereal plane with you.

Aelwyn: Well, at least when your web gets burned up by my elemental, I won't be there to feel it.

Adaine: I am going to kill you.

Aelwyn: Well, we'll just have to see about that. It wouldn't be the first time you've failed a test.

Siobhan: I really want to punch her. I just want to fucking punch her.

Brennan: Can’t do it, out of the initiative order. Gorgug, that's you, baby.

Zac: Oookay. Those guys are just right in front me, huh? Okay. I, just to humor myself, am going to try to slam the rock one into the poison one. Wait, it’s not acid, though. That's a different thing than poison?

Brennan: Um. It.

Emily: It’s slime?

Brennan: It’s like a slime thing.

Ally: This fire one is looking precarious.

Emily: Well I've got, I sent someone.

Zac: I, well okay. I'm just going to try to like, I'm just gonna smack the rock one in front of me.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Zac: Alright, and um. Great. Oh, I don't.

Lou: That’s a good call. Try and kick it in the pool, or something. Grapple it into the pool.

Zac: Ooh, nat 20.

Ally: Hell yeah!

Zac: So it’s three?

Brennan: Go ahead and roll a three d - you need some d12, man?

Zac: Three? Yes, I need one. Can I have?

Emily: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Here you go, another d12.

Emily: I would be honored to give my d12 to this cause.

Siobhan: And my bow.

Zac: Oh, sorry. Alright, so that is nine, eight, three. So that's 17, 20, plus seven. 27 for that attack.

Brennan: Geez, for the first attack?

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Zac: Yeah. And then I have two more attacks.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Crit again, that’d be dope.

Siobhan: Yeah, dude.

Emily: - it again.

Zac: Hit a two.

Emily: Well, there was a two.

Zac: So that's, 10 does not hit.

Brennan: 10 does not hit. Go for it again.

Emily: Kind of like an opposite crit. Zero two, rather than two zero.

Murph: Crit, guaranteed.

Zac: Yeah!

Siobhan: Oh my goodness!

Murph: Oh!

Brennan: Are you for real?!

Siobhan: Yes.

Emily: Yeah!

Zac: 20.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Insane.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: As you said “crit guaranteed”.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll three d12, man.

Zac: Fuck, that's. Alright, two of the three times I've ever done that. Ooh, okay.

Emily: Mine was a 10. My dice, that I offered.

Zac: So six, so 23 plus seven.

Siobhan: It’s 30.

Ally: 30.

Zac: 30, 30.

Siobhan: That’s 57.

Brennan: You just fucking -

Murph: That's fucking insane.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: You guys watch Gorgug lose it harder than he's ever lost it. Something about whatever the, whatever word of -

Gorgug: I'm not my own father!

Brennan: That elemental scatters into rock and rubble in front of Gorgug.

Murph: Zac, you almost used your turn to push them into each other.

Zac: Maybe I should hit people more.

Ally: Interesting.

Murph: Just keep critting, dude.

Zac: You're right, you're right.

Siobhan: Yeah, that’d be great if you could keep critting.

Murph: I told you to crit, and you critted.

Brennan: You just gotta follow instructions, dude.

Siobhan: Oh, I just crit myself.

Murph: You just gotta like -

Zac: You just gotta do it.

Brennan: Incredible.

Murph: Everybody just crit.

Lou: Is it that easy? Is it just that easy?

Murph: Yeah man, just crit.

Siobhan: Just that easy.

Brennan: Shadow’s coming at you again. I'm gonna need you to make a Wisdom saving throw for me.

Lou: Fantastic. Oh, three.

Brennan: The shadow is going to take some swings at you and it’s going to deal first eight and then, 11 points of damage, and you see it goes,

Cheerleader: Don't you ever wonder like, you know that you're never gonna be as good as your dad because you started further than he was?

Brennan: And you feel a fear grip the inside of your heart and make you want nothing more than to run screaming from this place.

Lou: Got it.

Brennan: That's going to be, Kristen.

Ally: Okay, I'm going to run out of the pool into kind of like, try to get to that part of the porch so that I can look in through that window and see what's going on inside.

Brennan: Rad, awesome. You hop up from here. You get to the window, you look inside, you don't see Aelwyn in here, you just see a bunch of webs at the moment.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: We heard her yelling, right?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Yes you did.

Murph: I could use a heal if you got anything. I’m at 22.

Ally: Okay.

Zac: You're hurt?

Lou: 13.

Ally: Can I see you?

Zac: You're at 13?

Murph: Yeah, I'm right here.

Ally: Oh, hell yeah.

Murph: I'm not even hiding. I'm just standing there.

Ally: Oh, great yeah, then I'm gonna do like mass heal.

Emily: Oh, I could use some heal.

Zac: He’s at 13 -

Ally: Let me see. Cure Wounds is -

Fig: I'm at 23.

Ally: So then, I'm gonna cast Mass Healing Word and I think unfortunately that's just a d4 plus five for everyone.

Brennan: I think it’s plus nine ‘cause of your Disciple of Life ability, right?

Ally: Oh yes, you're right. Yeah, spell level plus two.

Brennan: Spell level plus two.

Ally: So it’s five -

Brennan: Is Healing Word a second level spell, or Mass Healing Word?

Murph: The Mass Healing Word’s a third.

Ally: Third.

Brennan: So that's five and five, so that's actually plus 10, so it’s one d4 plus 10 and then your Blessed Healer also gives you some extra.

Ally: Cool, yeah. So one d4. Two, okay, so everyone gets 12.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: That I can see, it's up to six people.

Murph: I think it’s, yeah.

Brennan: So, basically it’s everybody but Adaine right now.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm fine.

Ally: Yeah. Okay, cool and then that’ll give me -

Brennan: Yeah I think it’s just two times spell level, right?

Ally: Yeah, so, five -

Brennan: So another six.

Ally: Six.

Brennan: Yeah

Ally: Cool. Awesome, and then that was uh, a bonus action so does that mean I can still do something else?

Brennan: You can do something else, you can't cast a spell though.

Ally: Yeah, okay I'm gonna hide behind that chair, but be like peeking into the living room to see if I can figure out what's going on.

Brennan: Dope. You can take a hide action but your Dexterity's very bad, you could also take a dodge action, which would give people disadvantage to try to hit you.

Ally: I'll do that, yeah. And are my like, guardians hitting anyone? Now they're just like swarming in this area, right?

Brennan: As you move, now that you're back out of the pool, these two can be affected. When you were here, you were too far away to affect anybody.

Ally: Of course, yeah.

Brennan: Now these two are affected again at the beginning of their turn.

Ally: Okay cool.

Brennan: Just make sure to hit me up and remind me 

Ally: I’ll remember.

Brennan: If I start moving them.

Ally: Sounds good.

Brennan: Awesome, that was Kristen's turn. Now it's our air elementals. Man these ones that are running away, I've been rolling saves for every turn and they're not doing great.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: That's very helpful ‘caus --

Emily: I'm terrifying.

Murph: These ones that are here -

Zac: Really fucking us up.

Ally: Yeah, if we had two more.

Emily: And then one of them had that Suggestion.

Brennan: Yes, we're going to make an opposed check as this air elemental goes for the fire elemental. Wild, okay.

Emily: Dunk it, dunk it.

Murph: Put her in the pool.

Brennan: Dunkirk?

Siobhan: We just love Christopher Nolan.

Murph: Great film.

Brennan: You see that the air elemental rushes to shove and is rebuffed by the fire elemental.

Emily: Boo! But her suggestion lasts for a minute.

Brennan: Cool, yeah.

Emily: So, I think she's gotta keep trying to do that.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: “Cut it out. I don't want to go in the pool. I've got my phone in my pocket.”

Emily: “What are you doing? This isn’t the -”

Brennan: Check for me on Suggestion if she rolls every round to resist.

Emily: Says on a failed save, it pursues, it pursues the course of action you described to the best of its ability, the suggested course of action can continue for the entire duration. You can also specify, it doesn't say anything about.

Brennan: Cool, no more.

Murph:: You're just gonna keep trying to push.

Brennan: Just gonna keep trying to push. Fig, that's your turn.

Emily: Oh, but if you or any of your companions damage the target, the spell ends.

Brennan: At the beginning of its turn. Spirit Guardians affect it. Go ahead, it rolls a save. It’s a Wisdom save, right?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: It fails, so it takes damage and the spell ends.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Emily: Damn it.

Brennan: Okay, but go ahead and roll that damage.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Fuck yeah. 14.

Brennan: Woo!

Murph: Man, Spirit Guardians.

Ally: Yeah, it’s great.

Emily: Well, one. It was one round.

Brennan: One round is not bad.

Ally: Yeah sorry.

Emily: No, that's fine.

Brennan: You see that another philosopher comes up and says, another philosopher rushes up to it and says,

Guardian: From each according to their ability to each according to their need. Pow!

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: A little economic philosophy in there, why not? That's now going to be, Fig, that's your turn.

Emily: Okay so I've been sent, like my last turn I moved to this window did I see her Blink in and Blink out?

Brennan: Did you see her Blink in and Blink out?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Make a perception check to see if you saw it.

Ally: She did come in and yell, “oh shit!”

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: 18 plus two, 20.

Brennan: Yes, you think that she's like phasing in and out of reality.

Emily: Okay I would like ready an action for when she comes, when I see her next.

Brennan: Dope, readying an action, cool.

Emily: So I'm gonna ready, like I can ready a spell, right? I can cast a spell?

Ally: That's what I was thinking, yeah.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Where are you going to be? ‘Cause she might appear behind a wall from you.

Emily: Oh I'm just looking in the window.

Brennan: Looking in the window? Cool. You're readying an action?

Emily: I mean is it open, is it an open window? Can I climb in the window?

Brennan: It is not an open window.

Emily: Okay, yeah so I'm just -

Brennan: You can climb up on the edge so you can look in.

Emily: Yeah, you know what? Maybe I'll climb, yeah, I'll just climb as close as I can.

Brennan: Cool, dope.

Emily: And then I'll wink at Gor - no you already have it. I'll wink at Kristen Applebees through the window.

Ally: Through the other window?

Kristen: Lot of stuff’s happening here tonight.

Ally: Who is the elemental that kissed me?

Emily: It was the rock one. It was the earth one.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, the rock one.

Murph: Yeah, it was the rock one.

Siobhan: Filled your mouth with mud as you were making out.

Kristen: Gorgug did you -

Gorgug: Yeah I kind of -

Kristen: Did you obliterate my one crush I've ever had?

Gorgug: I didn't know she was - You've had more than one crush.

Fig: I think you’ve had a lot of crushes.

Kristen: I've just, I'm a very private person. I've never crushed.

Brennan: That's going to be, the fire elementals. This thing burns up all the webbing in here.

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: Rushes into this room. Sees Fig.

Zac: Are you outside the window?

Brennan: She's outside but it’s gonna smash the window to get to her. What's your AC?

Emily: 12.

Brennan: 12, okay. You take -

Emily: Oh, I have resistance to fire damage!

Brennan: You take first, five damage, so two. And then you take four, so two.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: I say,

Fig: Sister, why would you hurt me?

Cheerleader: What, you're weird.

Brennan: You see. The, you were also ignited, you're on fire.

Emily: Isn't that good though? Doesn't that just like, make me more powerful?
 
Siobhan: So metal.

Emily: Right?

Brennan: It’s pretty metal but you're fucking on fire.

Emily: Could my skin be melting and my skeleton is showing through?

Brennan: This thing is gonna take some swings at Fabian. It’s going to hit only one of those times for, 9 points of fire damage.

Lou: Cool, already on fire. Can't be more on fire, I hope.

Brennan: Nope, can't be more on fire. But at the beginning of your next turn, you take another 9 points of fire damage.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: However, you do hear.

Emily: Oh, baby!

Siobhan: Sick, sick, sick.

Brennan: And the Hangman shows up right here.

Lou: Well luckily I'm absolutely terrified and don't want to be here at all so I would like to disengage and get on the Hangman and drive, get away from here.

Brennan: Fabian, still on fire, leaps on the Hangman and tears off, flames streaking into the night coming off of his coat. And you are fucking gone, baby.

Emily: Oh no!

Siobhan: Oh, no!

Emily: But doesn't he get to, does he get to do another save or anything?

Brennan: As soon as he's out of sight, he gets to do another save. Go ahead and make a saving throw right now.

Lou: Great, can I also Second Wind?

Brennan: Yeah, Second Wind, go for it.

Lou: So, saving throw is 15.

Brennan: Succeeds.

Emily: Woo!

Lou: Great, and Second Wind is -

Murph: You just like, do a lap and realize that you're a coward.

Lou: Exactly and then, oh god. Second Wind, I'm six, level six, so then plus 13.

Brennan: That is Fabian's turn. Adaine, that is going to be you. You blip out of the ethereal plane.

Siobhan: Can I actually, so can I do an Insight check into where I think she will pop back out?

Brennan: Give me an Insight, I'll oppose it with her Deception.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You need to beat a five. And you don't.

Siobhan: No, I did. I got a nine.

Brennan: You got a nine.

Zac: She rolled a four.

Siobhan: I rolled a four, but I got a nine.

Brennan: You think she's so mad because of that Web that she's coming for you.

Zac: Are you upstairs?

Siobhan: I'm upstairs but you can, 10 feet is up as well as -

Brennan: You can.

Siobhan: Great, so I would like, to come over here and ready an action.

Brennan: And you can also, yeah you can use your movement too as you pop back out.

Siobhan: Yeah, can I -

Ally: So when you ready an action, could I have readied an action for when she appears again?

Emily: That's what I was doing.

Brennan: Yeah, but of course the problem if you ready an action is maybe the thing that you readied an action for doesn't happen.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Yeah, okay cool.

Emily: Which is what's happening.

Siobhan: Can I hide and ready an action? No, I can't, right?

Brennan: You cannot hide and ready an action. You can move and ready an action.

Siobhan: Okay. I'll move and ready an action.

Brennan: Dope, where you moving to?

Kristen: Come down to us.

Adaine: I'm not, I'm gonna fucking kill my sister.

Riz: Where is your sister?

Adaine: She's gonna come and get me.

Siobhan: Can I be like right here in the doorway?

Brennan: Yeah, you want to gain some cover from the doorway?

Siobhan: Yeah, because I have Spell Sniper so I can do my spells with half cover and I'm assuming that she does not have that.

Brennan: She does not have that.

Siobhan: Cause a stupid li’l bitch who didn't plan for this kind of fight.

Brennan: What action are you readying?

Siobhan: I would like to cast Dispel Magic as soon as she arrives back here.

Brennan: Ooh, hoo hoo hoo.

Ally: Oh shit baby.

Brennan: That is going to be slime and mud, mud's dead. Uh slime's coming for Gorgug.

Murph: Slime takes Spirit Guardians.

Brennan: It does. That's right, go ahead. It's uh.

Murph: Wisdom save.

Brennan: Fails it’s save, go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Hell yeah. This is going great. Okay, let's see. What's that? 13.

Brennan: 13. This thing comes for you, Gorgug. I'm going to need you to make a DC 15 Strength saving throw.

Zac: Oh, and I have advantage.

Emily: You have Bardic Inspiration that you never used.

Brennan: You actually only have - Strength checks, right? Yeah, you do have advantage on it.

Emily: And you also have Bardic Inspiration that you never used.

Zac: Cool. Oh yes, thank you.

Emily: In case.

Zac: 18.

Emily: Not that you need it.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: Plus whatever my Strength is.

Brennan: You still take five points of acid damage which is not halved. So you see that his cheerleader goes,

Cheerleader: What? Let's get out of here.

Brennan: And just surrounds you in a whirlpool of acid and slime.

Gorgug: Ow.

Brennan: Attempts to drown you and drag you to the ground, but you manage to get an arm down and keep yourself up from being pulled into the earth. That is going to be the slime's turn. Riz, that's you, man.

Murph: I'm gonna try to climb up and get, I'm gonna try to climb up and get in the window so I can be on the second floor.

Brennan: You're gonna try to climb the window and get to the second floor. Go ahead and give me an acrobatics check.

Murph: Please.

Ally: What's your health?

Murph: 22!

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: 58.

Brennan: You jump in, you get up through here to the second floor. You're out right behind Adaine.

Murph: Dope.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: I am going to ready an action for when Aelwyn appears to shoot her.

Brennan: Aelwyn pops out, cool. She appears. Go ahead and your readied action is a Dispel.

Siobhan: Yes, so anything third level or below ends, on the target ends, and for each spell of higher on the target, make an ability check, which is DC 10 plus the spell’s level.

Brennan: So you have to make an ability check, DC 10 plus the spell’s level.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: She has one spell on her which is a fourth level. So it’s a raw Intelligence, you're trying to beat a 14.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: No, didn't do it?

Ally: No!

Brennan: You bring Dispel down on her, end her Blink. The Blink is gone.

Siobhan: That’s something.

Brennan: Is gone.

Murph: Can I shoot her?

Brennan: You can shoot her.

Murph: Sweet. I think my Inquisitive, or my Insightful Fighting for like several minutes or until I pick another target.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: So, I think I still get her. As long as I fucking hit. 14. 

Brennan: 14 does not do it.

Riz: Fuck me. We’re gonna get blasted, Adaine.

Adaine: I don't give a fuck. I'm gonna kill her and if she kills me, so be it. She will be in so much trouble.

Zac: Oh god.

Brennan: I'm going to need each of you two to make constitution saving throws.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Murph: Oh that sucks. Not great, not great.

Siobhan: Oh my god, that's so many dice.

Ally: Oh my god.

Murph: God damn it. Come on, please.

Siobhan: 18.

Murph: 3.

Brennan: 18 is successful. 3 and 18?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: So you get like, half of like a billion.

Siobahn: Yeah it’s half damage. Oh my god. The sound of the dice.

Lou: The sound of the many many dice. Rolling around in the pool.

Brennan: Riz, you take 36 points of damage.

Murph: I'm down.

Siobhan: Oh my god.

Brennan: Adaine, you take 18 points of damage.

Zac: Do you get anything from cover, as well?

Brennan: Cover does not affect this. You see that Aelwyn appears. You rob the Blink from her.

Aelwyn: You little fucker.

Brennan: And an eruption of icy energy blasts forth from her hands. Riz is fully taken out. Adaine, you managed to throw up a shield at the last possible second to defend yourself from the blast. That is going to end, she doesn't roll for Blink ‘cause that's fucking done. That is going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, I -

Siobhan: Wait, hang on a second. I didn't, I end my turn after dispel magic?

Brennan: Oh, you would have had to voluntarily stay here and not go to the Ethereal.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Does that make sense?

Siobhan: Yep, yep.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Yep, that's fine. Just checking.

Brennan: For sure, for sure. That would be a neat trick, but that's not how that works. That's going to be Gorgug.

Zac: I want to grab, can I grab, hm. Okay. I wanna grab Kristen and try to jump to this window? Is that?

Brennan: Sure, there will be -

Ally: You mean this window?

Emily: You mean that one?

Zac: To where they are.

Murph: You want to like, boost her up?

Zac: I want to somehow, if possible, get both of us in there.

Brennan: Go ahead and make, I'm gonna say DC 15 gets Kristen in the window and you hanging from it, DC 20 gets you both there.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna try to use my Bardic Inspiration.

Emily: You got Bardic Inspiration.

Murph: Oh hell yeah.

Zac: Alright, so I have an advantage as well.

Brennan: Yes, that’s correct.

Emily: I'm playing, I'm playing your favorite song man, your favorite Green Day song.

Zac: So DC 20 gets us both in there? Okay I'm gonna save that because I have 25.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Sick, sick, sick.

Brennan: Kristen, you're standing there with, surrounded by these fucking kung fu philosopher ghosts.

Guardian: Yes, very good. A point well argued. Yes, one for reason.

Brennan: And you grab Kristen, Gorgug jumps 15 feet straight in the fucking air, smashes through the window. You are both up here.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Bam, bam. I'm gonna say that's your action and movement to get there. Or rather, you have an action left but you're not in range, you can like throw an hand ax, maybe.

Zac: Can I take the, does Dodge affect magic or no?

Brennan: It does if it’s an attack. Dodge, you can do a Dodge.

Zac: Okay, I'll take a Dodge action and say,

Gorgug: What is happening?

Adaine: I'm going to kill my sister.

Gorgug: How did she stop time?

Adaine: I don't fucking know. Just kill her.

Gorgug: Did she, do you have something?

Adaine: Oh she has a clock, she has a watch.

Gorgug: Okay.

Brennan: Bum bum bum. That's going to be, shadow looks around at where anyone could possibly be and is going to rush up here, smash through into this clusterfuck up here and is going to go for Kristen.

Zac: Does it get hit by your gentlemen?

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: Yeah, it does.

Brennan: Oh it does. Yeah, it rolls Wisdom. Fails, these guys are not wise.

Murph: Believe it or not.

Ally: Hell yeah. 16, uh, 19.

Brennan: Oh fuck.

Zac: You hit that guy like -

Murph: Yeah how many, how much HP do these guys have.

Brennan: You, you see that another philosopher jumps up and says,

Guardian: Of the many virtues there are, none is greater than love.

Brennan: Rips their chest open and their heart shoots out like an organ, bam! Shadow elemental wheels from that. It’s looking fucked up right now.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: It’s still gonna take some swings at you.

Ally: Cool, DC 18.

Brennan: DC 18, misses both times!

Siobhan: Heck yeah.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: That's going to be, Kristen, that's your turn.

Ally: Great, I do really want to revive you but I also have Hold Person that I can cast on your sister. Which is more important?

Brennan: Can cast hold person. Also, Riz is not dead but merely dying. So just healing would bring Riz.

Emily: Yeah, you can just heal him.

Murph: Yeah, I'll be back in the fight if you heal me.

Ally: Oh really?

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: Oh you're not in like, oh you're not like -

Murph: Oh, I'm not dead.

Ally: Oh, then hell yeah. Okay cool ‘cause I can do that as a bonus action, or not if I cast Hold Person, right?

Brennan: You can't cast two spells but you could -

Zac: You can smack that guy.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: If you -

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: What do you mean?

Brennan: You could just take a swing with your staff

Ally: Instead of holding her sister to like keep her there and -

Zac: You can heal him and literally attack the -

Ally: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was just saying since all of her spells are so insanely strong. She just did 30 damage, so if I held her -

Zac: She can still cast- 

Murph: But if, she's also gonna have like, high Intelligence and Wisdom, probably.

Ally: She could pass these -

Murph: So, there's a chance I die and she doesn't even get held.

Ally: Yeah, yeah true. Okay cool.

Murph: And also if I hit her, I'm gonna, I can do like 25 damage. But I'm dead.

Fig: How does she cast her spells?

Adaine: Like a li’l bitch.

Ally: Okay cool, I'm gonna do a Cure Wounds. So I need two more d8s if you guys have ‘em.

Murph: Dope.

Ally: I'm gonna do a third level cure wounds on Riz. Do you have a d8? Sweet. Oh I had d8s. I've been rolling d8s this whole time. Well they were lucky. Cool. Okay so that's 17 but then I also have this extra healing stuff, so 17 plus the level of the spell, plus five, so that's 22. 25?

Brennan: I think it’s whatever you roll plus 10.

Ally: Oh okay, cool. So then that's 27.

Murph: Dope.

Brennan: You also get six hit points because of Blessed Healer.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Sweet.

Zac: Are you gonna -

Murph: Thank you.

Zac: Are you gonna hit that guy?

Murph: Well I think you used, that's an action.

Brennan: That's an action. Yeah, that spell’s a full action.

Zac: Oh, never mind.

Brennan: But that's a great -

Murph: That was worth it. ‘Cause Healing Word is not nearly as good as Cure Wounds.

Ally: I heal seven you say?

Siobhan: Six.

Brennan: Six, you automatically heal six. Now for this air thing. Okay.

Murph: Also I think that shadow guy might die on his next turn from Spirit Guardians.

Ally: Yeah, I think so.

Brennan: Then air goes. You see that the air thing that you cast suggestion on rolls up behind you as you're peering in through the window on fire. It goes,

Cheerleader: Um, can I talk to you for a minute?

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Dexterity saving throw.

Murph: Fabian, we need you back man.

Brennan: Sorry, a Strength saving throw. Strength saving throw.

Emily: Strength?!

Brennan: Yep.

Emily: Boo. Six! So I take what, no damage, I actually heal from it?

Brennan: You take -

Siobhan: I hate it when he's counting.

Ally: Mhm.

Brennan: You take 20 damage.

Emily: Guh, okay.

Ally: What’re you at?

Brennan: And then you fall and take an additional 4.

Emily: Okay 24, okay. Still standing!

Brennan: You see that -

Ally: What are you on?

Zac: Seven.

Brennan: Cheerleader turns into a whirlwind. All of you standing up here fighting Aelwyn see Fig pop up into the second story window and fall back down. Bam!

Emily: No! Wait, couldn’t I have grabbed on?

Zac: Now you’re in this window.

Brennan: No, that was what the rolls were for.

Ally: Oh shit.

Brennan: Just, bam! 

Murph: Okay, we know that window’s where Fig is. So we gotta, we might have to throw Kristen out the window.

Emily: Throw her out, throw her out!

Murph: Throw her out!

Emily: Oh no, you don't have to throw Kristen out. Throw the sister out.

Brennan: And Fig, at the beginning of your turn -

Ally: Why?

Emily: ‘Cause like, it just -

Brennan: You take an additional two fire damage.

Zac: Is it halved?

Emily: But, isn't it halved?

Brennan: It’s halved to one.

Emily: Thank you! I'll take everything I can get.

Zac: She's at 6.

Emily: I am at a strong, virile, 6.

Zac: Very sturdy.

Brennan: It is your turn. You are on fire and just got your ass popped in the air by a tornado and slammed back down.

Emily: Okay, I am going to try to cast Suggestion on this tornado again.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Be like,

Fig: Actually, can I talk to you?

Brennan: It goes,

Cheerleader: Yeah. You're cute.

Fig: I really need you to steal Aelwyn’s little timepiece.

Brennan:  You see that it goes,

Cheerleader: Oh my god, aw. What? You're cute. Tell me more about that.

Fig: Are you malfunctioning?

Brennan: You see that, yeah it looks like the spell has worked. Do you want to use your movement or no?

Emily: Yeah, I want to try to climb the wall.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me -

Emily: And get in the second level.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an athletics check. We'll call it a DC 15 athletics check.

Emily: Okay, well this is a Hail Mary. I got 15!

Brennan: You guys watch Fig pop up, slam back down and a moment literally burning Fig claws up, pulls herself into the second story window. Aelwyn like literally looks out behind her and is like,

Aelwyn: What the fuck?

Emily: Can I land on her, ‘cause I'm on fire?

Siobhan: Give her a hug!

Brennan: No, you have used your action and movement this turn. You pull yourself in through the window. Fire goes. This thing roars up behind Fig.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Zac: Oh no.

Brennan: That's gonna be this thing. Roars up the stairs, it’s at the top of the staircase near where Kristen is. We are making the most out of this house, gang. This thing takes some swings at Fig. Sorry, um. A two and a one.

Murph: Yeah!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: Halved?

Emily: So that’s halved?

Brennan: No, no, that's what it rolled to hit you.

Ally: No, didn’t even hit.

Murph: Didn't even hit you.

Emily: Oh! Ah ha ha!

Fig: Sister, why have you forsaken me? We of the flames must stick together.

Kristen: Are you singing System of a Down?

Fig: Yeah, I am.

Brennan: And Kristen you see that the fire elemental cheerleader swings at you with these flaming pom poms, you effortlessly dodge both of them.

Cheerleader: Um. You're cute.

Murph: The fire elemental?

Kristen: I um.

Murph: Doesn't it take damage, spiritual -

Brennan: It does as it approaches.

Kristen: Guardians, baby.

Brennan: Thank you for keeping me honest. Yeah go for it. It rolls, fails its saving throw. Go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Damn.

Zac: I think all have failed.

Siobhan: They’re so dumb.

Ally: Yeah. Cool, 12.

Brennan: “Ask not what your -” No, that's not a philosopher.

Ally: In a way.

Brennan: Yeah. One of them rolls up and says,

Guardian: The unexamined life is about to end for you, fucko, pow!

Brennan: That's now going to be Fabian.

Lou: So I'm out on the street.

Brennan: That's correct.

Lou: Having like, regained my composure.

Zac: Are you still on fire?

Lou: Am I still on fire?

Brennan: Oh, you are still on fire. You take, thank you.

Zac: Sorry.

Lou: Does driving fast not, does not put the fire out?

Brennan: Amazingly being fully engulfed in flame and driving as fast as you can does not, but you see that the Hangman is like,

Hangman: Yes master, I love this. This look is us, this is our thing now.

Brennan: You take another six points of damage.

Zac: There's a hose right here, just ‘cause you can't see.

Lou: I would say, so I know nothing, none of what has happened, right?

Brennan: None of what has happened.

Lou: In order to regain my composure, like I guess my status, I'm going to drive the Hangman straight down that central hallway into the backyard where I think everyone is. Screaming “Seacaster” as I do so.

Brennan: Bam, you feel the house shaking on its foundation.

Fabian: Seacaster!

Brennan: I'm gonna say you hit the pool and fully douse yourself.

Lou: Awesome. And then realize that there's nobody out here.

Fabian: Where is everyone?

Ally: We yell out the window.

Riz: We're up in the room.

Fig: Up here!

Adaine: We’re up here.

Fig: Up in the room. Second floor!

Kristen: Second floor. Idiot, where have you been?

Riz: I almost died, Fig's almost dead!

Fig: It’s fine!

Riz: Most of the elementals are still alive.

Fig: We’re, most of us are on fire.

Riz: Where were you, did you run? You look scared.

Fabian: I did not run.

Riz: You look scared, Fabian!

Fabian: I was not scared. I needed, the Hangman had some business.

Brennan: Do you want to take an action this turn? That's your movement.

Lou: Uh. Oh, gosh.

Murph: Poolside crossbow?

Lou: I mean. Yeah what can I see of, like what can I see of the second floor?

Brennan: You see these two elementals right here. You see. You see Fig being attacked on the second story by that fire elemental.

Lou: I guess I'll crossbow the fire, I'll take a shot at the fire elemental.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: Through the window.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: You guess? You guess you'll save my ass?

Zac: Oh that's a crit.

Murph: Dude, you crit.

Lou: That's a crit from me. 19 crits.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll your damage, dude.

Lou: Great. That’s, that’ll be two d6?

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: Great. Uh, 6 -

Murph: Nice.

Lou: And uh, 10, 15.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Zac: That guy’s kind of fucked up, right?

Lou: From the pool!

Murph: Daintily peddling your feet as you're holding a crossbow.

Lou: Wait, and then - I get an extra attack or that's only with my melee weapon right?

Brennan: You can do it with your crossbow, go for it.

Lou: Oh, fantastic. So 15 on the first, second one probably doesn't hit, 12.

Brennan: 12 does not hit. So crit on the first one. The fire elemental turns to gaze at you. Awesome turn. That's going to be, Adaine.

Siobhan: I would like to use Mage Hand to pull the fucking watch out of her pocket.

Brennan: Intelligence versus intelligence.

Ally: Ooh, this is the story of your sisterhood.

Brennan: Actually it’s spellcasting attack versus spellcasting attack. So she, I'll tell you what you have to beat. You have to beat a nine.

Murph:  Did you just roll a 1?
 
Siobhan: I just rolled a nat 1.

Brennan: You reach out your hand and you see that your sister reaches up to Counterspell and uses your own Mage Hand to slam your face into the door jamb for 6 points of damage.

Aelwyn: A little bit of telekinesis.  I didn't realize we were back in grade school.

Emily: I need to know, how did she do that, how did she do that counterspell? What do I see her doing?

Brennan: Make me an Arcana check.

Emily: 14.

Brennan: It was a use of Counterspell based on a feat that she has.

Emily: But like, is she saying it with her mouth, is she doing like hand motions, what is she doing?

Brennan: Both, verbal and somatic.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Mhm. That's your action. Slime turns comes after Fabian. It's going to take some swings here.

Zac: What does Sentinel do? Is it just on other people?

Lou: No, it’s just, it’s like attacks of opportunity.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead, oh Fabian's gonna go ahead and take 16 points of damage.

Lou: I'm down.

Emily: Are you?

Murph: Yell, yell as you get hit.

Fabian: I'm down!

Murph: Oh my god, he's gonna fucking drown in the pool.

Siobhan: He's on the bike though, right? So the bike can take him out?

Zac: Is his motorcycle -

Lou: Yeah, is my boatercycle -

Brennan: You may still take actions as the Hangman if you like.

Lou: Great.

Emily: Have the hangman drive upstairs. Drive up the stairs.

Lou: Bring my body up there.

Murph: Just draped over the bike.

Siobhan: Just so wet.

Brennan: Riz that's going to be you.

Lou: I can still communicate with the hangman through my thought.

Brennan: As you go down. Riz, that's you, baby.

Murph: Okay, I am going to, where, god this hall’s a mess. Okay, I guess I'm just gonna peek in and I will just take a shot at her.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Cool. Please hit. Oh yeah, that's a 26.

Brennan: That's gonna do it.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: 18.

Brennan: You see that her ward had partially regenerated, you fracture the rest of her ward and graze her cheek ever so slightly with the bullet.

Aelwyn: I'm getting very tired of you.

Murph: And then I'd like to use, I yell,

Riz: We should spread out so we don't all get hit by the same spells.

Murph: And then I'm going to try to, where am I? I'm down under the shadow guy? I'm fucked. Cool, I guess I will just. Bless you.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Ally: This guy’s coming up the stairs.

Murph: Oh he's coming up the stairs, too? I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna try to just move into this bathroom, I guess? Just like, move back.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Murph: And hide.

Brennan: Go ahead and move your piece, yeah.

Murph: Okay, that guy probably gets an opportunity attack on me right?

Brennan: You took your action. Can you take a bonus disengage or no?

Murph: I can't ‘cause I'm gonna hide.

Brennan: Okay, yeah gets a swing on you. Misses.

Murph: Okay, cool. And then I'll try to hide. Uh, 25 Stealth check.

Brennan: You are so deep in that toilet.

Murph: I just crawl in the toilet?

Siobhan: Oh, god.

Brennan: You're in the fucking upper deck of the toilet.

Ally: What are you at, Fig?

Emily: Me, what am I at? I'm at six.

Murph: I pull that dude that's in there on top of me, so -

Zac: Frozen nerd.

Brennan: You see Aelwyn vanishes once again.

Zac: Oh fuck.

Emily: God damn it.

Brennan: But, she's gonna throw a Fire Bolt at the Adaine. Adaine, what's your AC?

Siobhan: 100. 12.

Brennan: 12?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: It’s 14 here, she still manages to hit. Hits you for 10, hits you for 19 fire damage.

Zac: Fuck.

Siobhan: I am down.

Ally: No!

Murph: Shit.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: God damn it.

Brennan: And vanishes. That is going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Fuck. Um. Hm, trying to decide which one to fucking go for.

Murph: This, the one dude is gonna take Spiritual Guardians damage, so if you have a choice, maybe not the guy who's gonna instantly get -

Zac: Okay. Can I do, okay, can I do an Acrobatics check to see if I can dive through this window at this guy past, past Fig.

Murph: So fucking, so dope.

Brennan: Please do. Please do. You can do Acrobatics or Athletics.

Zac: Oh, I'll do Athletics for sure.

Brennan: Sure.

Zac: And I have advantage for that. Oh hold on, I just want to, yeah. Ooh two 18s.

Brennan: Rad. You effortlessly like -

Zac: Plus seven, yeah.

Emily: I watch him soar over me.

Brennan: You Hulk out. You get an attack opportunity from that one which hits you for 7, for 11 halved to 5 damage. Now you're gonna make opposed athletics with this fucking fire elemental.

Zac: Okay. So just roll again?

Brennan: Yeah you have to beat a, uh, a 13.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna roll Bardic Inspiration so that's 10 plus 7. So yeah, okay.

Brennan: You see Gorgug, you're like getting pulled out of the window by this fire elemental. Gorgug freaks out and full fucking Owl Bear tackle. Bam! Whoosh, rush out of the second story, bam, smash into the beer pong table and destroy it.

Lou: Hell yes.

Zac: Broke the table, dude.

Murph: EC Dub, EC Dub, EC Dub. That's a wrestling reference, guys.

Brennan: House party, dude. This party is getting fucking wild.

Zac: Does that guy take any damage?

Brennan: Yeah, this guy, I'm gonna say, go ahead and roll 2d6 fire damage.

Zac: 2d6 fire damage?

Brennan: Oh sorry, 2d6 falling damage.

Zac: Okay. I mean he fell onto, psh.

Siobhan: Oh nice.

Zac: Fucking three.

Brennan: Three, okay.

Zac: And then also, I mean he's on a wet beer pong table.

Brennan: You, by the way, take four fire damage from touching this fire elemental.

Zac: Okay, and that's not halved?

Brennan: That's not halved, no.

Lou: That's not halved.

Brennan: Awesome. Incredible. That's gonna be these guys. Oh shadow, go ahead and have this thing make a save. It fails it’s save again.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Murph: Kill him.

Zac: He's got to be fucked.

Ally: Cool, uhh, 12.

Brennan: You do 12 damage. You see, that, uh. Oh my God, I studied philosophy for so many years, how am I running out of things philosophers say?

Brennan: You see that one of your sort philosophy people looks at you and says,

Guardian: Hey, you know, asking the questions, is the first part. The second part is fucking killing these elementals.

Kristen: Wait, I'm sorry, what?

Guardian: ‘Cause it makes it, hold on.

Brennan: Shadow elemental is fully destroyed.

        Kristen: Half of that applied?

Emily: Woo!

Siobhan: Yes!

Ally: Yes, hell yeah.

Brennan: Hell yes. Shadow is gone. That is now going to be, so that was its turn, its turn was dying. Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Ally: Great, I'm gonna Cure Wounds on Adaine.

Siobhan: Bless you, my child.

Ally: As a three, a third level spell. So then that's three D8s.

Brennan: Mhm.

Zac: How many third levels -

Ally: Plus 10. So 3 -

Emily: I mean I have three third levels and then -

Ally: Sweet, 23.

Murph: Nice.

Siobhan: Great, thank you.

Ally: Yeah and then I'm gonna -

Brennan: And you heal a little bit as well.

Ally: Oh yeah, right. Seven was it?

Siobhan: Six.

Brennan: Mhm. Or, six.

Murph: That's great.

Ally: Hell yeah. That’s full.

Murph: You're back up to full.

Ally: Full baby. And then can I do a Perception check to see if I know where her sister's gonna appear again so hopefully she'll encounter my Guardians?

Brennan: Go ahead, yeah go ahead and make an insight check.

Ally: 19.

Brennan: 19. You think, you saw her the moment before she disappeared looking straight up.

Kristen: Roof.

Emily: Oh, she’s gonna be on the roof.

Ally: Okay cool. Then can I use my movement to get on the roof? Is that an Athletics check out this window?

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: Yeah, that's gonna be an Athletics check out the window. That's gonna be a DC 15 athletics check.

Ally: I'm gonna use this one. 11, no!

Murph: Plus, hold on, what’s your Athletics?

Ally: Which is nothing, two. So 13.

Brennan: Well, you don't fail by five or more so you, so Kristen bring you back from the brink of death and just like heroically jumps out the window, gets up there and you just see does that thing were like a leg can't quite get up out of, can't quite get up to the next level.

Ally: Cool.

Murph: Oh you're gonna get Mufasa-ed.

Ally: Noooo.

Brennan: What did you Suggest the air elemental to do?

Emily: To steal the pocket watch, to steal Aelwyn's pocket watch.

Brennan: Rad, okay. You guys see that this thing flies straight up. And you hear a scuffling noise on the roof.

Murph: Whoa.

Brennan: That's gonna be Fig's turn.

Emily: I would like to ready an action to cast a spell, like the next time I hear, I hear someone like apparate onto the roof to cast a spell on that.

Brennan: You don't have line of sight to it.

Emily: I don't, I need that, can I just look up? I want to do Shatter.


Brennan: Oh you just want to Shatter up there?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, you can prob -

Emily: ‘Cause I could essentially like, if where I hear it come from, I can make that point Shatter.

Brennan: Okay, make a Perception check to be able to do it without line of sight. I’ll say DC 15.

Emily: I got 14. Okay, so I wouldn't be able to.

Brennan: Yeah, you can use your movement, you can try to make a climb check to get up on the roof.

Brennan: I think that I will do that. Yeah.

Ally: But you're weak, right?

Murph: Yeah, what are you at health wise?

Ally: Don't do it.

Emily: Well, first I'm gonna look out the window and Fabian and give him a Healing Word.

Brennan: Okay dope.

Murph: Oh sweet.

Emily: For, it’s not gonna be that much, let me see. Oh actually, I'll do a higher level one. I'll give you a Healing, that's not gonna be, still -

Murph: It will make him not die, which is great.

Lou: I'll take not dead. Not dead sounds great.

Murph: Not dying is dope.

Emily: Yeah I'll do -

Siobhan: You can shoot people from the fucking pool again.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Let's see -

Murph: Yeah he'll get two attacks on the -

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Emily: I'll do a second, you know I'll do a third level Healing Word. So it’s gonna be, two. Five, seven. Uh, 15.

Lou:  15, oh thank you.

Ally: Oh.

Emily: And then I'm gonna try to climb onto the roof.

Ally: Are you sure?

Brennan: By the way, you take another two points of fire damage.

Emily: Oh actually, you know what, no instead, if I use Healing Word, what is this Protection from Fire I can do once a day from my ruby?

Brennan: It would just give you resistance. So it’s the same shit.

Emily: Gotcha, okay.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a DC 15 to get up on the roof.

Emily: Wait, so I take another two?

Ally: Are you down to five?

Emily: I'm down to four.

Ally: Okay don't go on the roof. Don't go on the roof.

Murph: I don't think you should go on the roof.

Emily: But guys, I feel so impotent.

Murph: You might get permanently killed if they do, if she does your remaining hit points and your hit point maximum in one hit. If she does like 50 damage.

Emily: What can I possibly fucking do here?!

Murph: If you're negative, if you get hit in one shot for negative whatever your hit point maximum is, you're dead, you don't get to roll saving throws.

Zac: Oh, wow.

Ally: What’s your hit point max?

Murph: So, if you go up there and she hits you for like 40 or something, I don't know what your--

Emily: 46.

Murph: Oh well, she probably couldn't do that much damage but maybe.

Emily: Then -

Ally: I'll be up there next so I could heal you if you do.

Emily: Wait but if I cast a, if I cast, one last thing and then I'll shut the fuck up, if I cast healing word as a bonus action I can still try and cast uh -

Brennan: Cantrip? Yeah you can do a cantrip.

Emily: A cantrip. Is there anyone that I could -

Brennan: There's the slime out there.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna try to do Vicious Mockery on the slime.

Murph: Out the window -

Emily: I look out the window and fucking jeer at it.

Brennan: What save’s that again?

Emily: It is a, I would assume it’s Wisdom ‘cause that's usually what shit is with me. Yeah, it’s Wisdom.

Brennan: This slime looks too stupid and does not react to Vicious Mockery in any way shape or form.

Emily: Dang it, well I still give it my all.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: Can't do nothing.

Ally: I can't do nothing.

Emily: I can't do nothing.

Brennan: Fire thing is gonna hit you, Gorgug, for another 10 points of fire damage, not halved, and attempt to get out of the grapple, no that's actually just its action to attack you. That's going to, and then the other one is up here, it’s gonna take another, some swings at Kristen.

Zac: Uh, the Guardians?

Murph: Spirit Guardians.

Ally: Spirit Guardians, baby.

Brennan: Oh that's right. Fails it save.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: They have not made a single save on this.

Ally: Fuck yeah, 15.

Murph: Spirit Guardians rules.

Zac: That's kind of fucked up.

Murph: I can't say that enough, how much Spirit Guardians rules.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Especially for someone, I never attack. So it’s just like this built in attack.

Murph: Just consistent damage. We kept running around and doing, we keep like climbing the stairs looking for Aelwyn, you're the only one consistently just hitting everyone.

Brennan: A philosophy ghost goes,

Guardian: Epistemology is the study of how we know what we claim to know, pow!

Kristen: Wow, helpful!

Ally: I write that down.

Brennan: That is, and then it's gonna take some swings at you. Hits one time, deals you nine points of fire damage. You are also ignited.

Ally: Cool. I mean not cool but -

Brennan: Fabian, you're back baby.

Lou: Okay. So I'm currently in a pool on a motorcycle and what are you at?

Zac: Me?

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: I'm at 39.

Lou: Okay and you're wrestling with a, so I can see him wrestling with a fire elemental, I can see this slime thing in front of me, I can see Kristen dangling from the roof.

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: Okay great. What to do. I guess. I guess, can I ask the Hangman to drive me to the second floor of this building?

Hangman: Sire, what you wish is my command.

Brennan: Are you taking a disengage or letting this thing get a swing on you?

Lou: I'll take the disengage.

Brennan: You crash back steer up the, go ahead and just give me an acrobatics -

Lou: 17.

Brennan: You fucking, you guys hear as Fabian rides his motorcycle up the stairs.

Siobhan: This poor unemployed dwarf's house. He's given everything to his daughter.

Emily: I hadn't even thought of that.

Murph: Well his daughter is in a crystal and we're trying to get her out.

Siobhan: That's true, that's very true.

Zac: Of the two -

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: That's now going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: I have no choice but to attempt to climb onto the roof.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: I do not have the skills for this and yet -

Zac: Roll those sleeves up.

Ally: I'm like hanging there like,

Kristen: You can do it, your sister’s a piece of shit.

Murph: Do you have Acrobatics or Athletics?

Siobhan: I have minus two Athletics. So Acrobatics it is.

Ally: Can you climb on me to make it easier?

Siobhan: Can, oh yeah, can she help me?

Brennan: Someone else would have to have chosen to take the help action.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: Mm, sorry.

Brennan: You know what, I'll go ahead and give you a plus two bonus because, uh, Kristen’s there. You're trying to beat a 15.

Siobhan: Okay.

Emily: Maybe one of her Spirit Guardians gives you -

Siobhan: I got a 12.

Zac: Plus two?

Ally: 14.

Siobhan: Yeah, I got a 10 plus 2, plus, so 14.

Brennan: One away. So you're hanging, you're just both hanging there off the roof.

Emily: It's all on the shoulders of the tornado elemental now.

Brennan: Slime comes over to help the fire fight Gorgug. Riz, that's you, baby.

Murph: Oh boy, okay. Oh boy. Okay. I'm gonna climb out of the toilet, where I start every one of my turns.

Brennan: Quick, jump in the toilet, compose yourself, get your thoughts together, jump back out.

Emily: Siobhan, Siobhan's character goes to ethereal realms, Murph's character goes to toilets.

Siobhan: Oh wait, I didn't cast Blink. I didn't -

Brennan: Oh, go for it.

Siobhan: I still have Blink. I did not Blink.

Brennan: Cool, got ya. Great, great, great.

Murph: Okay, cool.

Ally: Blink is so cool.

Siobhan: It’s really cool.

Murph: I'm gonna join my friends out on the side of the roof. Actually, I would like to, and tell me if this is some bullshit. I would like to try to hang on the side and like, I want to try to get up there, I would like to try to shoot and then I would try use a hide action and like go back down.

Brennan: Uh if you can make the acrobatic check to get up there, I'll allow it.

Murph: Okay. Cool. That's a 16.

Brennan: That makes it.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: You pop up there.

        Kristen: Tell us what you see!

Murph: So, I just want to look, I want to look with my little goblin eyes.

Lou: Look with your little goblin eyes.

Brennan: Holy shit, hold on. You see Aelwyn struggling with the air elemental on the roof.

Emily: Woo! Paid off, baby.

Murph: Dope.

Emily: Finally, my seductive suggestions.

Brennan: Riz, you jump out there, go ahead and do your hit, take your shot.

Emily: Don't hit the elemental.

Murph: I'm gonna take a shot at her. Come on.

Siobhan: Crit.

Murph: 22.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: Hell yeah. So much damage.

Murph: Oh, I did so bad.

Ally: Oh no!

Murph: I rolled three 2s and a 1. 4, 6, 7, 11 damage.

Brennan: She looks right at you.

Murph: Fuck, then I'm gonna try to hide. I'm just gonna try to go. Hup!

Brennan: Oh go for it, yeah make a hide.

Murph: 16.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: “Okay.”

Brennan: Aelwyn looks right at you. I'm gonna need you to make a Reflex saving throw.

Murph: Reflex, you mean Dexterity?

Brennan: Sorry, Dexterity saving throw. You're trying to beat a 15.

Murph: Okay, cool. Come on. 21.

Brennan: Woo! Do you have Evasion or no?

Murph: What is Evasion?

Brennan: Rogue ability, I don't think, maybe you don't get it yet.

Murph: Oh no I don't get that. Oh, where I would take no damage instead of half damage?

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Is this a spell attack or is this just an area of effect.

Brennan: Area of effect.

Murph: Okay, so I can't half this. Well I’ll take half, I guess. Because I -

Ally: So. Many. Dice.

Brennan: You take 14 points of damage.

Riz: Ow.

Brennan: As a lighting bolt erupts from her fingers, she's gonna use her movement to try to take that stopwatch back. She doesn't do it.

Ally: Oh it has, the elemental has the stopwatch?

Brennan: The elemental has wrested the stopwatch from her hand.

Emily: Ah ha! Oh wait, but I didn't even tell the elemental what to do with it or anything.

Ally: That's hilarious.

Lou: It just has it.

Emily: I thought maybe if we just got it out of her hands it’d be enough.

Brennan: That is now going to be Gorgug. That's your turn.

Zac: Okay. Um. Am I on fire?

Brennan: You are on fire, sorry yes. So you take -

Ally: Did we have homework?

Brennan: You take another five fire damage.

Zac: Okay and that's not halved, right?

Brennan: Not halved.

Zac: So, I'm at 34. Look, I'm gonna, I'm gonna - not disengage but I want to try to Acrobatics up the chimney.

Ally: That's a great idea.

Brennan: They're gonna get swings on you. Acrobatics up the chimney. Fire one crits.

Murph: Jesus!

Siobhan: Oh fuck.

Zac: Fuck.

Brennan: And that's gonna be - seven and seven is 14 plus, five, 19 points of fire damage to you. Slime misses. So this one. You are fully engulfed in flames, hoodie in fire. Go ahead and make your Athletics check. I'll say DC 15 gets you halfway, DC 20 gets you to the top of the roof.

Zac: Okay. Or can I do Athletics? Yeah, you said Athletics.

Brennan: Athletics yeah, Athletics.

Zac: Okay, I got a 24.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: 25.

Brennan: Gorgug leaps on the elemental just pounding your flesh hands into the chimney, smashing through brick you. You are on the fucking roof, my man.

Zac: And I couldn't snatch it with this turn, still, right?

Brennan: You used your movement to get out, you took the hit. So you can snatch the watch.

Zac: Okay. Oh, yeah. Can I try to snatch the watch?

Brennan: Make an opposed athletics. You have to beat a 14.

Zac: I did that, yes.

Brennan: You run up to this tornado cheerleader, snatch the stopwatch.

Zac: Can I press it?

Brennan: Press the button. Time resets. All the Hudol kids see, so, in other words, all the fire and water splashing and everything suddenly time resets and - So like, what they saw was like, motorcycle, fight all happens in less than two seconds of their time -

Ally: Woooaah.

Brennan: And you see that all of them say,

Hudol Student: I say, it’s a regular rumble.

Brennan: And magic starts to appear around all of their fucking hands.

Adaine: Oh my god, click the watch again!

Gorgug: It’s a good thing.

Brennan: That's going to be, that's shadow and shadow's dead.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: That's going to be. Kristen, that's your turn.

Ally: Great, I climb up onto the roof and get as close to her as I can.

Brennan: Give me the check, DC 15.

Ally: Alright. Jesus. 2, it’s a 2. With athletics is another, so 4.

Brennan: You take 8 points of falling damage. Your ass smashes into the brick patio as you lose your grip.

Ally: God damn it. Okay. Let’s see. Okay. Then I am going to sprint and jump on the motorcycle with Fabian if I can do that, cause he's just going up those stairs.

Brennan: So you, run up the stairs, Kristen jumps on the back of the Hangman.

Fabian: Oh, Kristen!

Ally: Okay and then I'm gonna heal - Oh, you're really low, right?

Lou: 15, yeah.

Ally: Yeah, yeah, okay then I'm gonna do Cure Wounds but I don't think I have a third slot. So I'm gonna have to do it as a second.

Brennan: Kristen, you also take, sorry I keep forgetting this, but you take another two points of fire damage. That is going to be -

Ally: Oh uh this, I have to heal him.

Brennan: Oh go for it, yeah.

Ally: So it’s, let's see. That's, 13 plus 10 is 23.

Lou: 23? Oh ho.

Ally: And then I also get -

Siobhan: I don't have any more third level spell slots. I know, I wanted to fly out there, I thought it would’ve been dope, but I don't have any more spell slots.

Kristen: Thanks for letting me ride with you.

Brennan: You cure those hit points. Fabian you are healed by Kristen on the back of the bike.

Fabian: Thank you.

Kristen: No worries, dawg.

Fabian: Dawg?

Brennan: Gorgug, you are dealt 9, so then 4, and then 13, so 6 damage. So 10 damage over all.

Zac: Okay, I'm at 4.

Brennan: Gorgug -

Ally: You're at 4?!

Zac: Yeah, I got fucked up in the last turn.

Lou: Hey, but he unfroze time.

Brennan: That's gonna be Fig.

Emily: Okay, can I lean out the window and try and get line of sight on the roof?

Brennan: No way.

Emily: Okay, can I do another Perception? I just want to cast Shatter on where she's standing.

Murph: And make her fall through the -

Brennan: Where she's standing? Give me a Perception check, if you beat a 15 you can do it. Cause you're doing it without line of sight.

Emily: 2. Motherfucker.

Brennan: You can make the, you can try to make the Athletics to get up there.

Zac: You're also so fucked up, too.

Ally: Yeah, then we have, we'll have two dead bodies on the roof.

Emily: Ugh, God, I just want to do something. I guess I will, where are you Fabian? Oh you're on the thing.

Lou: We're coming up the stairs. Right up here.

Emily: Right yeah, you guys are coming up the stairs.

Ally: You could, maybe, if you're in that window wink at Fabian as we come up these stairs.

Murph: You also can probably hit these guys out the window, or Cure Wounds yourself.

Brennan: You could crawl through the window and get to where Fabian is going to be. You know, but make a call, what do you want to do?

Emily: I'm gonna, I guess I'm gonna cast Healing Word on myself and join you guys.

Brennan: Cool, you pull yourself into, cast Healing Word on yourself. You rush in through here. That's going to be the fire elemental's one turn to take some swings.

Ally: It gets Guardians.

Emily: And I wink at, I wink at Fabian. I think you still have a Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: It fails. They have not made a single save against this remarkable spell.

Lou: “This remarkable spell.”

Ally: That is just a 10. Just a 10.

Brennan: Just a 10.

Ally: How's it looking?

Brennan: It’s looking fucked up. Another philosopher comes out and says,

Guardian: Axiology is the study of value pertaining to both aesthetics and ethics.

Kristen: Gah!

Brennan: Fucks up this fire elemental. It turns around, it’s gonna take two swings at Fabian. One of those is a crit.

Fabian: Thank you for healing me.

Kristen: No worries.

Brennan: Fabian, you take 11, you take 14 points of fire damage. This thing gets up, roars up the side.

Emily: Oh shit.

Murph: Oh, no.

Brennan: It’s gonna take two swings at Gorgug.

Ally: Gorgug.

Brennan: Hits Gorgug for six points of damage.

Zac: Total?

Brennan: Total.

Zac: I'm down.

Emily: You aren't in Rage, it’s not like a half?

Brennan: Not it’s not halved.

Brennan: Gorgug is down.

Murph: Shit.

Brennan: Fabian, that's you, baby.

Lou: Okay, I would like to rev my, I'd like, can I take the Hangman's turn, like we're in this area, right?

Brennan: Actually, make an Insight check, both Fabian and Kristen.

Lou: Mine is a one.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: The Hangman is a magical item. These elementals are resistant
to non magical items.

Lou: Can I ram it though?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can ram it.

Lou: Because we're on like an edge, can I try and push it out of the window?

Brennan: Absolutely can.

Lou: Fantastic.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack roll as though you were making it with your rapier.

Lou: Oh!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: That's very, it’s very high, 24.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll 2d6 plus your Dex modifier.

Lou: Can I borrow d6?

Ally: Yeah, of course.

Lou: Thank you.

Ally: Yes!

Murph: Two 6s.

Lou: Two 6s and a 5, so 17.

Brennan: Hangman goes,

The Hangman: You know nothing of the flame.

Brennan: Boom! Out through the second story window, a rocketing thing of flame, all the Hudol's guys,

Hudol Student: Oh my!

Lou: And can I shout down to all the Hudol children?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Fabian: Members of the Hudol academy, there is a matter of great consequence happening upon the roof of this building. I ask that you turn all your attention to the roof of this house.

Hudol Student: A request humbly and eloquently made. One to be answered!

Brennan: You see -

Fig: These guys are such dorks.

Brennan: Fabian is the like most fighter fighter of all fighters and he speaks these nerd’s language so well.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Incredible, Fabian you also take, oh no, you're not ignited anymore.

Lou: Oh great.

Brennan: Adaine, it’s gonna be you.

Siobhan: I mean, I have no choice but try to climb up on this fucking roof again.

Ally: You can, oh.

Brennan: The flying Hudol students are gonna give you an advantage on this roll.

Siobhan: Excellent.

Adaine: Thank you flying Hudol students.

Hudol Student: Hellions!

Zac: Oh.

Siobhan: 15. Thank god because the other one was a 1.

Emily: Woo.

Ally: Oh, baby.

Brennan: Gorgug is gone.

Zac: Where, am I gone?

Brennan: No you're on the roof, fallen. You clamber to the roof to see your fallen companion.

Siobhan: I go into a rage.

Brennan: Go into, honestly, yeah. Adaine, you fully just lose it. You fucking like hulk out, you remember like just braining Doreen with a fucking ladle.

Siobhan: I am going to punch my sister in the face.

Brennan: Okay!

Siobhan: I don't fucking give a fuck about magic anymore I am going to punch her in the face.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack, go ahead and make an attack roll.

Zac: Oh God.

Ally: Yes.

Siobhan: What is that plus?

Brennan: Your Dexterity modifier and your proficiency.

Siobhan: 18.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Adaine: Fuck you, bitch!

Brennan: I need you to tell me, so it’s, what's your strength modifier?

Siobhan: Minus 2.

Brennan: Minus 2, so you punch her in the face.

Aelwyn: Gah! What are you, fucking insane?

Adaine: I, yes, I'm fucking insane! You make me fucking insane!

Brennan: Slime honestly has nothing that slime can do. Slime slimes over here.

Lou: “Slime slimes over here.”

Emily: Slime slimes.

Siobhan: Did I do any damage to her?

Brennan: Uh yes, minimal amount of damage to her. But she looks partially hurt. That's now going to be, Riz, that's you.

Murph: Cool. I'm going to then - Okay, I will just shoot at Aelwyn.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: 14. Fuck. Okay, then I guess I hide again.

Ally: Uh.

Murph: What's up?

Ally: Oh nevermind, I can't -

Brennan: Go for the hide.

Murph: Yeah. Fucking 15.

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make another I'm gonna need you to make another Reflex saving throw, or Dexterity saving throw.

Murph: Alright. A nat 1.

Brennan: 28 points of damage.

Murph: Dead.

Brennan: Riz, bam. Hits the middle of the deck.

Fabian: Hudol students, aid that man.

Hudol Student: What, Ball?

Fabian: Yes, The Ball. Yes, The Ball! Word’s gotten around.

Brennan: You watch as your sister kills your friend. Lightening unleashes from her hand. Gorgug, I'm gonna need you to make a death saving throw.

Zac: Cool. Oh, 16.

Emily: Oh!

Brennan: Cool, success.

Zac: Success, baby.

Brennan: That's going to be Kristen.

Ally: Great, okay. We are, where are we? We're kind of like in the hallway upstairs?

Lou: Are we closer to the window after the ramming?

Brennan: Yes, you are closer to the window.

Ally: Cool, can I get up on the roof with advantage from the Hudols?

Brennan: Take it with advantage, yes.

Lou: The Hudolians.

Ally: 20, nat 20.

Emily: Woo!

Brennan: You clamber up, jump up. You are on the roof.

Ally: Great, okay. I am going to run pretty close here so that my thing will affect all three of them.

Murph: Oh, dope.

Brennan: Oh, hell yeah.

Emily: Yeah, bitch.

Murph: Fucking hell yeah.

Ally: and then I'm gonna try to heal Gorgug with a -

Zac: Oh! I get what you're saying.

Ally: I have another second level. So that's just two but whatever this is plus 10, right? Can I do that?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Okay. Fuck yeah! 20.

Brennan: Gorgug is back, baby

Emily: He's back!

Brennan: That's going to be -

Ally: Gorgug's back. Get up!

Zac: “Wake me”. Nevermind.

Emily: Grab the timepiece from him.

Ally: Yeah I was gonna say, should I be holding the thing?

Zac: It's in my hand.

Ally: Since he's closer to death?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Can I use like, a last thing to do like -

Brennan: Yeah you can grab the stopwatch from him.

Ally: And then I put it in my shirt. I'm already wearing military dog tags cause I think it’s cool and I put the watch on that.

Brennan: You see, on the next turn, the water elemental reappears and the air elemental flies back in.

Emily: Woah!

Brennan: They were sent away, they made their saves and came back. Fig, that's going to be. Oh sorry, the air elemental's gonna take some more swings at - Oh, on the beginning of its turn, it makes its save.

Ally: Oof, damn.

Brennan: And it’s going to hit -

Murph: Still takes half damage, I think.

Ally: Yeah it takes half damage, right?

Brennan: For 15 down to 7. And 6. Halved.

Murph: Yeah it takes half -

Zac: I’m sorry?

Brennan: 7 and 6 damage.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: It will take half damage.

Ally: It will take half.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll half damage.

Ally: So that's 7, 9, it takes 4 damage.

Brennan: That is now going to be.

Zac: Back at 7.

Brennan: Back at 7. That's going to be Fig.

Emily: So, if I went through the chimney and climbed up, would that be an easier roll than trying to jump onto the -

Ally: You have advantage with jumping on the roof, though.

Brennan: The Hudol students are all lifting you up.

Emily: Yeah, but what would it be to go through here?

Brennan: Make the roll.

Zac: There's no entrance to, oh is there -

Brennan: The entrance is not the second floor, you just go down to the first floor. Is there a little entrance?

Emily: No, there's a little, there’s a little -

Siobhan: No, that's a chest and drawers.

Zac: That’s an armoire, or -

Brennan: Make a roll.

Emily: Okay, so okay, but I get advantage ‘cause the Hudol students? Okay, come on. I got, I didn't get it. Wait, what do I add to it?

Ally: You have to get 15.

Siobhan: Athletics or Acrobatics.

Brennan: Acrobatics.

Zac: Oh you can add, so that's 13.

Emily: No, that's 13.

Brennan: They try to give you a hand, you're stuck there. You can make a perception and try to cast Shatter if you want?

Emily: Wait, if I'm stuck hanging on them, do I at least have line of sight?

Brennan: You have line of sight, yeah

Emily: Okay, then I'm gonna cast, then I'm gonna cast Shatter.

Brennan: On Aelwyn and -

Zac: The elemental?

Emily: Aelwyn and anything, and the people around her. In a 10 foot radius around her.

Zac: Is that -

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: But specifically just hitting that -

Brennan: Just hitting the elemental and her, gotcha.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: They make saves.

Emily: It’s a Constitution saving throw.

Brennan: They both fail.

Emily: Yes. Okay, so then I do, oh I'm doing this, this is a third level, so it’s actually 4d8.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Emily: Anyone want to lend me a d8?

Ally: Yeah, how many do you need?

Emily: Oh, just -

Siobhan: Fuck her up!

Zac: I think she's -

Emily: Okay. Oh that's good, okay. Okay. 6, 5, 11, wait 15, 17. They each take 17 damage.

Brennan: They each take 17 damage? The air elemental is -

Emily: So does the roof honestly.

Brennan: Air elemental is gone.

Ally:  Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Um.

Zac: Thank you.

Emily: Was this yours?

Brennan: And Aelwyn is looking fucking hurt.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: She is looking unbelievably hurt. Fire elementals are going to go. This ones gonna take a swing at you, Fig.

Ally: Wisdom saving throw.

Murph: It takes the Wisdom saving throw first.

Brennan: Oh. It takes damage.

Emily: Oh!

Ally: Hell yeah, 20. 20 points of damage.

Murph: Yes.

Ally: Yes!

Emily: That fucking saves my ass!

Guardian: It is the discourse that matters. By discussing these issues we come to a greater understanding of not necessarily the truth but of ourselves within the truth.

Ally: I'm furiously writing all this down over the words in my corn bible.

Brennan: Fabian, that's you.

Lou: So, I'd like to get on the roof with my friends.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: You have advantage.

Emily: Are you bringing your motorcycle?

Lou: Great, 15 plus 8.

Brennan: Uh, cool. You're gonna have to leave the Hangman.

Lou: That's fine. And then I would like to attempt to grapple Aelwyn.

Brennan: Awesome, great.

Emily: Are you gonna try and kiss her again?

Lou: No, no.

Brennan: You rush up, go ahead and make an opposed athletics check. You need to beat a 1.

Lou: I do.

Brennan: You rush up, it’s not clear to, Adaine, you can see their misty on the ethereal plane, it looks like Fabian just jumped your sister and they're like making out or something, it doesn't make you feel great but you are tussling on the roof together.

Adaine: Gross.

Fabian: Just stay down, stay down.

Aelwyn: Not right now!

Fabian: No, I'm not trying to do that. Just give up.

Brennan: Adaine, you snap out of the ethereal plane.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on my sister.

Zac: Oh ho, yeah.

Siobhan: And as she's grappled and maybe doesn't know what's happening, do I get advantage on that roll, maybe?

Brennan: Or would she get disadvantage on her save?

Siobhan: Or she gets her, disadvantage on her save. Which is a Wisdom saving throw.

Murph: I think on attack spells you get advantage.

Brennan: But, yeah, so she's prone, I don't think she gets a disadvantage here. I'm gonna roll. What's the DC on this?

Siobhan: It’s my DC, so 15.

Brennan: Let's bring out the Box of Doom. Box of Doom is used for important rolls here on Fantasy High. Aelwyn Abernant, sister of Adaine Abernant, is about to make a saving throw against Tasha's Hideous Laughter. Party's at low hit points, Riz is down, many have already dropped. She gets a plus 4 to this roll.

Brennan: She rolls an 11 or higher, she succeeds. If she rolls a 10 or lower, she fails.

Brennan: 8.

Adaine: Fuck you bitch. Yeah, you laugh, bitch, you fucking laugh!

Brennan: You see. You see as Aelwyn grapples with Fabian, she turns and you manifest out of the ethereal plane. Spell energy blasts towards her. You see that she goes,

Aelwyn: Are you casting, you're casting Tasha's Hideous Laughter? That spell, wouldn't work on my in a million fucking years. It’s such a stupid spell, you cast it on me on your first day and then I, I did, I -

Adaine: Oh my god, Hudol boys, do you see that she full, she fell for Tasha's Hideous Laugher?

Brennan: Landing in their flight and levitation all the Hudol boys surround her.

Hudol Students: Oh my. A first level spell. No, no. That won't do at all.

Brennan: You see that she goes - You see all them turn to look at you and say,

Hudol Student: Were you able to subject Aelwyn Abernant to a simple elementary enchantment?

Adaine: Adaine Abernant, how do you do?

Percival: My name’s Percival.

Hector: My name’s Hector.

Walter: My name’s Walter, hello. Very nice to meet you. Well that's rather remarkable.

Brennan: You see that Aelwyn’s, she's going - All of the elementals disappear and vanish, so she loses control of her spells. I'm going to need -

Siobhan: I'm like crying a little bit because I finally fucking bested her.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: She's like clawing at her hair.

Aelwyn: It's not funny at all.

Adaine: It's pretty funny.

Aelwyn: No.

Adaine: Pretty funny. Guess what else is funny?

Siobhan: And then I reach into her pocket and pull out the Palimpsest.

Adaine: Oops, bitch!

Brennan: And that's where we're gonna end today on Fantasy High. Tune in next week for the exciting conclusion.

[EPISODE13]

Brennan: Welcome back to Fantasy High. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. These are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: I love it more each time. Guys, last we left off, you guys were on the roof of Ostentatia Wallace's house, where you still are. Aelwyn Abernant is laughing hysterically and you guys are surrounded by Hudol students that are stopping here and flying and spells are going off. Percival Nevelsvine stops and says,

Percival: My goodness, what an absolutely smashing use of Tasha's Hideous Laughter. It looked from what I could see-- obviously time and its movement had been somewhat subjected to a transmutation effect-- that you had rather a terrible conflict. The combat seemed quite gregarious.

Ally: Fuckin’ nerd.

Emily: Should we push him off the roof?

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: There's no need for that. We already trashed these mens' houses.

Siobhan: I think, first of all, we need to make sure that Aelwyn cannot do any more magic.

Aelwyn: Ha, ha, ha!

Siobhan: So, I would like to roll up—

Ally: I have Hold Person.

Siobhan: -- a sock and shove it into her mouth.

Ally: Cool, we can do that too.

Siobhan: And then tie up her hands in such a way that her fingers are also numb.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Let Fabian tie her up.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: And she's— Isn't she wearing like a--

Lou: Let me tie her up.

Emily: —little crop top or something?

Brennan: So, she is. She has that sort of shirt tied in midriff.

Emily: I'm gonna create a minor illusion to make it look like she has a little fat fold. To try and make her feel bad about herself.

Murph: I'm knocked out on the ground right now I think.

Brennan: Riz is —

Emily: Oh shit, I'll run over and heal you.

Adaine: Oh my goodness, everybody get Riz.

Lou: What were we doin' this for?

Emily: What do I have left?

Brennan: Riz, in the process of making some death saving throws—

Emily: 9.

Brennan: —gets nine hit points from a Healing Word.

Ally: Nice.

Zac: Ooh.

Emily: Oh, and then another 11. Why not?

Murph: Another 11?

Emily: For 20.

Murph: I have 20, great.

Brennan: You guys see all the Hudol kids start going like,

Percival: Well, as per usual, a Hudol house party has ended in elemental chaos and destruction.

Fabian: Yes it has.

Riz: Do these cheerleaders come to your parties a lot and cause trouble?

Percival: The young women at our school hold their own parties that are obfuscated from divination and they don't invite us. So, we pay Aelwyn Abernant to come and create these elemental cheerleaders so that the party is not a sausage festival.

Adaine: Will you—

Murph: Festival.

Adaine: —say that again, but to my parents?

Percival: What's that?

Adaine: Will you tell that to my parents?

Fig: Oh, can I take out a crystal and record what he's saying?

Adaine: Yes, please do.

Emily: I take out a crystal and I say,

Fig: just say it again.

Percival: As I've just previously stated, myself and my friends are repugnant to those of the fairer sex in our school.

Fig: No, no, no. Not insulting yourself, talk about her sister having parties.

Percival: Ah, very well. In order for our parties to not be such a sausage festival, we have paid Aelwyn Abernant to come here, sell us drugs and liquor, and create elemental cheerleaders that we might kiss upon the mouth and dance with—

Adaine: Isn't that a thing that is against school rules? The kind of thing that might get you kicked out of school?

Percival: Well to that I would simply say,

Brennan: Poof, gone! The Hudol students start disappearing.

Kristen: This could have been your life Adaine.

Fig: Adaine--

 Gorgug: Wait, wait. Do we have the crystal that that girl had?

Murph: Yeah, can we search Adaine's pocket for--

Siobhan: It's in Adaine's pocket— It's in Aelwyn's pocket.

Emily: Oh, I would like to Thaumaturgy myself into some sort of demonic goddess, look Aelwyn in the eye and use my Whispers of Terror on her to intimidate her.

Brennan: Uh, go ahead and give me that Intimidate roll.

Emily: Do I get, do I get, 'cause it's Whispers of Terror, do I get like advantage or anything? I don't even need it. I don't think at least.

Ally: I would like to Thaumaturgy and be behind her with matching eyes.

Emily: I got a 24.

Brennan: Ah, you got a 24?

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Ah, you see... Aelwyn looks up at you, terrified. She's been restrained, she's been fully defeated. She looks up at her sister, who's hit her with this spell, looks terrified.

Emily: I take one of my nails that's been filed to look like those vampire nails, 'cause I did that in the time we had, I brush her hair out of her eye, and I say,

Fig: Where do you and your bitches party?

Gorgug: They party here.

Fig: Shh, shh, shh.

Kristen: Thought they had a different party?

Adaine: The girls have different parties.


Brennan: Um, you see, Aelwyn goes.

Fabian: Oh that's right, the sock. We have to take the sock out of her mouth.


Riz: Pull the sock out.


Adaine: She's gonna cast a spell.


Aelwyn: I party here. I get paid to come here, as the young student said. This is where I go.


Adaine: So, you don't even go to the fun party? What a waste.


Brennan: You guys hear a noise of a car pulling up into the driveway. With magical spider webs hanging from the windows, smashed windows, things are on fire and have been electrocuted and otherwise destroyed. And you hear a voice say,


Unknown Voice: Oh, God dang, my house!


And you see there is an unemployed, dwarven dad, with yknow, a sort of jacket going,


Ostentatia’s Dad: Oh God, I couldn't afford the insurance this month, oh no!


Siobhan: Can I use my Mending cantrip to mend everything that I can?

Brennan: You're like putting some shingles one by one back on the exploded roof--


Emily: Can I just do Minor Illusion to make it look like it's better than it is?


Adaine: I'm so sorry, sir, and I think that you might want to call the police because I have very bad news. Your daughter is unfortunately trapped in this crystal. And this girl did it.


Brennan: You see that he says,


Ostentatia’s Dad: Oh, thanks I guess. Oh God, Ostentatia, my sweetheart. First that dang poison tea, I can't keep her safe. I think I should probably just put her in Mumple.


Adaine: Oh, no, no, no.

Kristen: Don't do that, she's nice.


Adaine: She’s such a good student.


Fig: She's so promising.


Fabian: This is not on you, this is on the world within you inhabit.


Ostentatia’s Dad: Oh….


Brennan: You see he takes his crystal out of his pocket, dials a number, and within a moment or two, you guys hear sirens approaching.


Fig: Shit, do we wanna be here?

Riz: Let's ask Aelwyn--


Fig: Yes, Aelwyn, why were you putting—


Riz: Why are you putting girls in the diamonds?


Emily: I'm still intimidating her, Whispers of Terror. I'm whispering in her ear.


Brennan: You see she says,


Aelwyn: This was my first try.


Riz: Where did you get the idea to do it?


Adaine: Was it Penelope Clearwater?


Murph: Can I do an Insight check on her?


Brennan: Sure.

Murph: Phew, I can't get lower than an eight, 'cause of my thing. So, I got like a 10.


Siobhan: Oh, I got a 24.


Brennan: Great.


Siobhan: Insight.


Brennan: Um, you see your sister looks at you and says,


Aelwyn: I think you all well know where I got the idea from.


Fig: Was it Johnny Spells?


Adaine: No, was it Penelope Clearwater?


Fabian: Coach Daybreak.


Gorgug: Penelope Clearwater?

Aelwyn: You really have no idea.


Adaine: Oh my goodness.

Gorgug: Was it my dad?


Fig: Or do we have—

Adaine: Our father?


Fig: —all of the ideas we need—

Adaine: Your dad?


Fig: And we're just waiting for you--

Kristen: The Harvestmen?

Fig: —to come clean? So that we don't kick your fucking ass.

Aelwyn: If you're going to kill me, just kill me.

Adaine: We're not going to kill you.

Fig: I'm not going to kill you.


Fabian: Nobody is going to kill you.


Adaine: We're just going to make you go to Mumple, which is much worse.


Fig: Yeah.


Aelwyn: You can't make me go to Mumple.


Adaine: I don't see why not.

Fig: Oh, we will make you go to Mumple.


Kristen: You'd fit in perfectly.


Adaine: Oh my goodness. You'd learn to be an innkeeper or a shopkeeper or a--


Emily: Can I say,


Fig: Hey, don't you and your jacket have that Mumple school uniform in her size?

Adaine: Oh, I do! I have exactly that, yes!

Aelwyn: No, no, no, no, no! I won't go! Listen, look, I can't tell you. Adaine, go to my room back at the house, I literally can't tell you.


Brennan: You, with your Insight check, see a look of genuine fear in her eyes and--


Adaine: Has somebody cast something on you?


Brennan: The cops pull up, and you see that your mom gets out with a couple other police.


Riz: Cool. Hey mom.

Sklonda: God dammit honey!

Riz: Sorry.


Sklonda: What's going on?

Riz: Okay, so this girl, she put another girl, the Ostentatia, in a Palimpsest. We were tryin' to stop her and here we are, we did.


Sklonda: Well, good job. Please stop taking the law into your own hands.


Riz: Yes, ma'am.

Brennan: You see, she comes up, she escorts you guys down off the roof. They get a ladder up there to help you guys get down. You're sort of in the front.


Zac: I climb down the chimney.

Lou: I flip off of my own accord.

Murph: I jump into the pool.

Siobhan: Yeah, I use Blink to go down each flight of stairs.

Sklonda: The ladder’s for that!

Ally: I take the ladder, I just go,

Kristen: Thank you ma'am.


Brennan: Uh, you see she goes,

 Sklonda: Okay.

Brennan: She looks over at Aelwyn... A car pulls up. Angwyn and Arianwen step out.

Adaine: Hello mother, hello father.


Brennan: You see that she--

Emily: Such warmth.

Zac: Here I am at.

Murph: Here I am at.

Lou: Right.

Brennan: You see that Angwyn, your father, steps up and says,

Angwyn: I'm so very sorry, there's been a misunderstanding. Myself and my children are covered by diplomatic immunity. Please release my daughter at once.

Emily: Oh! This is so fucked up.

Adaine: Yes, but she's gonna get in trouble though isn't she? She put a girl in a palimpsest.

Angwyn: What, what kind of trouble?

Adaine: She came to a party. I'm not allowed, she's not allowed to go to parties. She said she was going to study.

Angwyn: Well, there's no way of knowing that she wasn't here to study, Adaine.

Adaine: She wasn't.

Angwyn: Is there any proof of that?


Adaine: All of my friends—

Riz: We have the—


Adaine: Oh yes.


Emily: I play the, I play the thing of the little kid talking.


Angwyn: Well I don't know that little human.


Kristen: Check her room when you get home.


Riz: He goes to Hudol. Um, hey…


Murph: Can I pull Adaine aside?


Riz: Hey, should we steal your parents' car and go back to your house before they get there? Because they're definitely gonna clean up after your sister.


Adaine: I mean why don't we just get on the bike? I mean the three of us could fit on the bike and then—


Emily: I’m off somewhere else.


Kristen: Yeah. You get in a backpack and then—


Fig: You guys go, I have one last way to gather a little intel.


Brennan: You see, Detective Gukgak is speaking to Angwyn who says,


Angwyn: Excuse me, madam, if you would care to--


Brennan: You see that she looks and says,


Sklonda: We've met, sir. I was in your home earlier tonight.


Siobhan: I'm so bright red with embarassment and anger.


Brennan: He looks at her and says,


Angwyn: Release my daughter from these handcuffs at once.


Brennan: You see that your mom gets a look in her eye. Like this goblin look, like her pupils look slit a little bit, and she says,


Sklonda: Well sir, your diplomatic immunity obviously comes from your position as a diplomat, and extends to your family. However, diplomatic immunity can be revoked if any member of that diplomat's family feels unsafe in the presence of said individual.


Adaine: I feel unsafe.


Sklonda: Oh, well, we gotta take her in for custody. Thank you young madam.


Brennan: You see that she grabs Aelwyn, like jumps up to grab the back of her head, and like puts it into the cruiser and throws her in the back, slams the door. You see that your father turns and says,


Angwyn: What have you done? A member of this family in a goblin's jail cell?


Adaine: She tried to murder me.


Angwyn: A-a-a-and be that as it, you let her go at once, un-apprehend that young woman.


Brennan: You see that your mom turns and looks at him and says,


Sklonda: Your Eminency, with all due respect, suck my dick, fuck you, if you have any problems, you can come downtown. Or I can ask your daughter if you make her feel unsafe.


Fig: Nice.


Riz: Hell yeah, mom.


Adaine: Your mom is so cool.


Fig: I’m so glad Gilear is hitting on that.


Riz: Strong mom, just a strong mom.


Kristen: So, will they have to go down and tidy it up?


Adaine: Can I come stay with you guys?

Brennan: You see that she gets in the cruiser, looks to you and says,


Sklonda: Home!

Riz: Yes ma'am.


Brennan: She takes off in the cruiser.


Emily: And they're going back to the--


Ally: They're going downtown with her?


Emily: Downtown?


Brennan: The Abernants look like they're standing here and discussing things for a moment.


Emily: I'm talking about where is um--


Murph: Let's get downtown.

Siobhan: Let's go right now!


Emily: I'm talking about, Aelwyn is going to be downtown in the prison?


Brennan: Yep.


Emily: Okay.


Brennan: As she's loaded into the cruiser, right before the door closes, she looks over at you and goes,

Fabian: Oh.

Riz: Fabian, Fabian, we need to go.


Kristen: Fabian.


Fabian: On my motorbike, let's go.


Adaine: That's not okay.


Fabian: What's not okay?


Zac: Are we all getting onto the bike?


Murph: We can't all get on the motorbike.


Ally: No you can't.


Lou: Well, then, I'll take—

Emily: It's okay.

Ally: I'll stay.

Emily: I think I should go down, I wanna go, I have, I-I would like to do something at the police office.

Ally: Like—

Fabian: Right, well I'll take Adaine and Riz,

Riz: Okay.

Fabian: The Ball, and—

Gorgug: Do you wanna go— we can go, go to the— the police station.

Emily: Yeah.


Siobhan: Go to the police office.


Brennan: Those who go to the Abernant home, you arrive there, ostensibly a minute or two before your parents are gonna head home.


While Brennan is talking, the screen shows a map of Elmville, with a red line going from Ostentatia’s house to the Abernant home. They’re pretty close together.


Brennan: What do you guys do when you arrive there?


Siobhan: Go straight to Aelwyn's room.


Lou: Yes.


Brennan: You go to Aelwyn's room. Go ahead and anyone who's here make an Investigate check.


Murph: This is what I'm supposed to do.


Lou: It's time. Private eye Fabian.


Murph, Siobhan, and Lou all roll.


Siobhan: Nat 20.

Murph: 24.


Siobhan: Nat 20.

Lou: 11!

Emily: Nice!

Brennan: 20 and a 24.

Lou: 12!

Brennan: Riz, you discover tons and tons of drugs, money hidden under the bed, there's handcuffs, you see there's a couple of loaded guns.


Siobhan: Oh my God!


Zac: Oh God.


Emily: Whoa! Eh, you carry one.


Lou: Can I take those handcuffs?

Brennan: You absolutely may take those.

Adaine: I don't even know you anymore, man.

Murph: I hide them from Fabian.

Riz: It's weird, nothing sexual found here.

Brennan: You guys, what you find is in the books. You find inside of Aelwyn's spell books, the spell you saw before, Modify Memory. You see another spell, Conjure Elemental. You see another spell, that it looks like Aelwyn has researched and crafted herself with your notes on the margins of it. Things that she's copied from your divination books.

Siobhan: Uh huh.

Brennan: The spell has a very disturbing name. It is called, Detect Maiden.

Emily: Ew.

Adaine: Detect Maiden? So she can tell people are virgins? Ew! Ugh!

Fabian: It's not so bad to be a virgin.

Adaine: No, I know, but why do you wanna know?

Riz: Why would you detect them?

Emily: No one who's detecting maidens, is a maiden.

Lou: You're not here.

Emily: By the way. ...Oh, uh, you're right. I shut the fuck up.

Riz: I had a crazy dream where my babysitter, who is missing, said that she was, her time was running up. So I think this is all bad.

Fabian: All right, well I mean, is there anything else to collect? I mean otherwise we can--

 Riz: Yeah, what else?

Brennan: Riz, you also find that little runic thing around the ship in the closet, that Adaine found earlier. The Harpy.

Murph: Yeah.


Riz: Do you know anything about these little runes or anything?


Adaine: I don't,


Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Magic on it? I don't think, oh, can I cast Identify on it?

Identify Spell: Ah, yes. An effigy used in the casting of long-range evocation spells. This storm summoning sigil uses a carving of the object meant to be ensorcelled that has been made to look as though it is the larger object. The wood used in this rendering of the Harpy was taken from the actual Harpy itself, making the spell almost impossible to avoid. Notice the runes around the outside of the invocation spell, also include element of illusion magic to hide the spell from powerful diviners such as prophets and oracles.


Adaine: Oracles. How... is there a timing on it? Does it say when the spell is gonna hit the Harpy?

Identify Spell: It appears it already has. The date in question, September 1st of last year. This has been another use of the Identify spell.


Fabian: I mean— 

Adaine: But the ship that went down wasn't the Harpy, it was the Cerulean. Unless, there was some sort of trickery involved. Which I guess is also… a lot of stuff is happening is trickery.


Riz: Yes.


Adaine: Ah.


Riz: Do you know anything about the Harpy?


Fabian: Do I have any ship knowledge?

Brennan: You know who does.


Fabian: All right, well, my father would.


Adaine: Well, I mean, let’s get back on the bike before my parents—

Fabian: Fantastic.


Lou: We'll head to my house and I'll text the rest of the group that that's where we're headed.


Brennan: Roll to see if something good or bad happens, okay.


Murph: Can we take pictures or anything of this?


Brennan: You can snag it all on your phone, no sweat.


Murph: Great.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You guys walk out the front door to your two parents coming up the garden path.


Murph: I'm gonna hide.


Riz: Let's go out the back. You got a back door?


Brennan: You see your father says,


Angwyn: It was a very brilliant move at that house, Adaine. A diplomat's child cannot be taken into custody. It is an insult to the nation of Fallinel. There will be consequences for this. Drastic consequences. Your foolishness, taking Aelwyn, she is your sister.

Adaine: You have treated me like a second class citizen in this house for as long as I remember. She has been treated like some sort of golden child and she is no better than me and in fact, is in many ways, worse. She's putting children in crystals. She has a spell called Detect Maiden. That's creepy.

Angwyn: I understand that sisters are jealous. But, maybe if you applied yourself to your studies a little more—


Siobhan: I cast Invisibility on myself.

Brennan: Poof. Your father looks around.


Angwyn: Well, she's teleported away, that's fine.


Brennan: And he walks up the garden path. But your—


Fabian: Goodbye.


Brennan: Your mother stays.

Arianwen: I don't know if you're still here. Your father was never really good at recognizing spells. He's not a very talented practical caster. I believe you, and I'm very sorry.

Brennan: You see a little tear forms in your mom's eye and she walks into the house.

Fabian: All right, with that we should be off.


Murph: Riz and Fabian are just —

Adaine: Oh, by the way, I'm still here, so--

Riz: Okay, good.

Fabian: Okay, good.

Riz: Your mom just stared out, instead of saying it to us—

Fabian: Check it.

Riz: To like relay it, she just—

Adaine: The spell is gonna run out—


Riz: —stared off into the abyss.

Adaine: —in like 10 seconds. So, let's go.


Fabian: We, I was like we were the only ones—


Riz: Yeah. I was—


Fabian: —who were there for that—


Riz: At first I was like is she talking to me, is she talking to Fabian?


Fabian: Exactly.


Riz : She's talking to, okay, great, cool.


Fabian: Cool.

Riz: Let's go.


Fabian: All right, yes. Away.


Brennan: You guys head out. The other three, you're still at the crime scene Kristen, right? Or…


Ally: I went with them to the—

Emily: Yeah.


Brennan: You three went to the precinct.


Emily: All at the precinct.

Brennan: Cool, you guys are already at the precinct.


Emily: I disguise—

Zac: What are we doing?

Emily: —myself as Penelope Everpetal.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I cast Disguise self as Penelope Everpetal and I want to talk to, to try to talk to, Aelwyn.

Brennan: Aelwyn. Um, cool. Do you walk into the precinct looking like Penelope?


Emily: No, I walk in looking like Fig. Well, I'm looking, like if she's gonna be there, if I see her I'm gonna go back and then come back in as Penelope. But, I might just wait till right before I go in to meet with her.


Brennan: You take a look and you don't see an obvious cell where Aelwyn is being kept. You could try to make an Investigate check to find her, but, that would involve you going into the precinct. Which would —


Emily: Okay, I'll just become Penelope Everpetal. I'm Penelope Everpetal.


Zac: But, isn't she missing? Aren't people gonna freak out?


Emily: I thought--


Brennan: Penelope's not missing. Penelope's a popular girl.

Emily: Yeah, she came--


Zac: Oh I’m— I got her confused—


Emily: Penelope was at her house earlier today.


Zac: Gotcha, nevermind.

Siobhan: Yeah.


Emily: So I go in.


Brennan: You walk in as Penelope.


Fig: Hi, I like heard that, I heard that Aelwyn was here? Can I speak with Aelwyn?


Brennan: You see there's a sort of thick-necked half-orc guy, in kind of a highway cop getup, looks at you and says,


Cop: Uh, oh, Aelwyn Abernant?


Fig: Yeah.


Cop: Yeah, she's not accepting visitors right now.


Fig: She would be if she knew it was me.

Zac: Can I get Insight check on this guy to see--


Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Oh oh!


Zac: Nat 20. Is he my dad?

Brennan: Uh, you look at this dude. Half-orc, right age, every possibility that this guy could be your dad. It would be so simple for this guy to be your dad. And you see that he looks over at him, looks over at you, he has like a weird familiarity in his eyes. He goes,

Cop: Gorgug?


Siobhan: Oh my God.


Gorgug: Yeah, I'm Gorgug.


Cop: Oh my God!


Gorgug: Who are you?


Cop: You're that freaky kid who steals backpacks!

Gorgug: I don't, I think there's been some wires got crossed.


Murph: Got a Nat 20 and then got dunked on.

Gorgug: I don't steal backpacks. It’s sort of this, my friend was being funny for a backpack, I caught it, so.


Brennan: You don't think this guy's your dad, bummer. But you do notice that he seems generally just like as antagonistic and kind of, not into helping as these guys generally are.


Fig: I think you're gonna wanna talk to Aelwyn, and if you need I could bring Mr. Everpetal down here.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Intimidate check.

Fig: It's gonna be another 24.


Brennan: 24.


Emily: Yeah.


Brennan: See he goes—

Emily: Tap my fingers on his—


Cop: Ah, rich girl, all right.


Brennan: You see that he gets up, says,


Cop: Come on with me.


Fig: Okay.


Brennan: He leads you into this room where you see that Aelwyn is all done up in chains. She's sitting on a bench in a little jail cell. It's like a general holding thing. So the cop walks you back and then just sort of stands there.


Fig: Like, what happened?


Brennan: She looks up at you. Make a Deception check.


Emily: I have advantage, right, because I'm an actor?


Brennan: You do.


Emily: I have the actor feat. Well that's gonna be a 29 or a—


Murph: How do you roll so well?

Ally: God.


Emily: Or a 26. I have plus 11 to Deception.


Murph: What?


Ally: Jesus.


Murph: Yeah, wow.


Ally: That's crazy.


Emily: I had an advantage on it.


Brennan: You see she looks up at you and says,


Aelwyn: My little sister and her friends caught me.


Fig: Did you get her? Where is she? Where is the crystal?


Brennan: She looks at the cop standing right next to you, and says,


Aelwyn: The evidence locker, I imagine.


Fig: They caught you?


Aelwyn: Yes.


Fig: He is not gonna be happy.


Aelwyn: I know.


Fig: What are you gonna tell him?


Aelwyn: I don't imagine I'll be saying much of anything to anyone.


Fig: Do you want me to go to talk to him?


Aelwyn: Yes, I think you should.


Fig: Okay. Do you know where? Shit, um, my crystal's actually dead. Do you know where he lives? My crystal fucking died. Because I've been running around all night trying to find you.

Aelwyn: I don't, my crystal's not, I don't have anything on me anymore.


Fig: But I'm saying, where is he tonight.


Aelwyn: You know that I don't know.


Fig: How did he get in touch with you?


Aelwyn: You got in touch with me.

Fig: Cool, I need to use the bathroom.

Brennan: Oh you see, that the cop says,


Cop: Uh, okay, sure.


Brennan: And lets you go use the women's restroom.


Emily: Okay. I climb out the window of the women's restroom. And I knock on the front door to tell him.


Gorgug: What?


Emily: To come out.


Gorgug: Why are you outside?


Kristen: Is that Fig? Okay, yeah, let's go...


Gorgug: You're knocking on the front door of the police station.


Fig is gesturing for the other two to come out.


Ally: We run out.


Kristen: What happened?


Fig: Penelope Everpetal—

Kristen: Let's keep going.


Emily: Okay, we start walking.

Fig: Penelope Everpetal put her up to it.

Gorgug: Okay.


Kristen: Penelope?


Fig: Yeah.


Kristen: Okay, so let's go get her?


Fig: Yeah, let's go rendezvous—

Gorgug: Let's like go with this--


Fig: with the other people and just consolidate intel.


Gorgug: Hey, what do we call our group by the way?


Kristen: The Dads.


Gorgug: The Dads?


Gorgug: I don't think that fits at all.


Fig: The daddy-less daughters.

Kristen: Daddy issues.

Gorgug: Anyways, let's all meet back up.


Kristen: Yeah, yeah, yeah. They texted—

Murph: So I think we probably text you guys.

Ally: Yeah.


Murph: That we're going to—


The map of Elmville is onscreen, showing two red lines from the police station and the Abernant home that go to the Seacaster Manor.


Ally: So we all made it to Seacaster's?


Brennan: You guys meet at Seacaster Manor.


Fig: Guys.

Gorgug: Can I ask you a question?


Adaine: Yeah.


Gorgug: About the thing that you saw. With the runes?


Adaine: Mm-hmm.


Gorgug: Do you think that's the thing actually casting the spell on whatever the ship is? What would happen if you broke that?


Adaine: The Harpy?

Fabian: Oh!


Adaine: But it already happened.

Riz: I think it already happened.


Fig: Is it invisible?

Fabian: The spell was cast--


Adaine: September the 1st.

Fabian: On September 1st of last year.


Gorgug: But isn't it keeping something hidden?

Fig: But why would it still be going?


Fabian: No, I mean as far as the Identify spell explained it—


Fig: Yeah.


Fabian: It kept anyone from knowing that the spell was being cast. Or that it had been cast.


Ally: Can I do Insight to check on that?


Brennan: Uh, yeah, you can make an Insight check. Actually it would be a Perception check.


Adaine: Can you do—


Ally rolls a die.

Adaine: Detect Good and Evil on it?


Ally: 11.


Brennan: You look at it, it seems like a piece of arcane magic that is not really either good or evil. It seems like it was a powerful storm evocation that sunk a ship.


Emily: So it doesn't feel like it's still continuing?


Brennan: No, it looks like it was a—


Zac: No.


Fig: Why would she hang on to it?


Adaine: Right?


Lou: Can I call for my Papa?

Brennan: You get to Seacaster Manor, you see that your father's in the drawing room with this banker guy again. You see this guy, Mr. Hughes, in there. They each have like a glass of brandy. Your father looks at you and says,


Bill Seacaster: Aye, young Fabian, my boy, my darling boy.


Fabian: Hello, Papa, ah, good to see you.


Bill: You and your young friends, you seem to have some battle scars on ya'.


Fabian: Haha, yes Papa, another one well fought.


Bill: Ha, ha, ha, ha. That's what I like to hear. Young, reedy Mr. Hughes here would know nothing of battle would you?


Brennan: See the banker goes,


Mr. Hughes: Uh, no, I would not.


Fabian: Well, it is fine Mr. Hughes, everyone has their lot in life. Papa, do you know of a ship known as—


Gorgug: Oh, wait, hold on.

Kristen: No, maybe we could —


Gorgug: Can we talk over here?


Kristen: Yeah.


Gorgug: Do you mind if we talk over here for a second?


Fig: I'm gonna chat with Mr. Hughes.


Brennan: Cool.


Gorgug: Wait.

Fig: Just to get a vibe from him. You guys can go.


Emily: I don't have anything in particular to say.


Kristen: You know we probably shouldn't--


Emily: I just want to learn.


Kristen: —mention all this stuff in front of the bank guy.

 

Fabian: I was just going to ask about the Harpy.


Gorgug: I just feel like…

Zac: Are we out of--


Brennan: Sure, you are out of earshot, yeah.


Gorgug: I don't know what that guy's doing. Because remember there's weird stuff going on with the bank.


Kristen: Yeah, the bank might be like the epicenter of all this.


Fabian: But we don't know which bank he's from.


Gorgug: Maybe we just don't have a conversation in front of him.


Kristen: Yeah.


Mr. Hughes: Uh, well, young lady, I represent KVX Bank. We're based out of Bastion City.


Fig: Is that the bank that doesn't have free lollipops?


Mr. Hughes: We have a policy about not handing out sweets or pens to people.


Fig: Okay, cool. You work out of like an office?


Mr. Hughes: I work out of a skyscraper. The financial headquarters down in Bastion City.


Kristen: I'm bored!


Fig: Wow.

Kristen: All right, what are we gonna do tonight?


Brennan: Bill Seacaster looks over at you and says,


Bill: Young lady, why are you bored?


Kristen: Oh, no, I was just kidding.


Brennan: He says,


Bill: Don't you know that me and this fella here are in the same line of work? Ha, ha, ha.


Kristen: No way!


Bill: Oh that we are! We're both thieves.


Adaine: I thought you were a privateer sir.


Bill: What?


Adaine: A privateer.


Bill: A privateer? Who said I was a privateer?


Fabian: But, Papa—


Bill: Who put those words— I, young lady, am a pirate through and through.


Kristen: Oh.


Fabian: Papa, sometimes in mixed company, I'll describe your chosen profession as a privateer. You might come off as more of a gentleman, you know.

Bill: More of a gentleman?

Fabian: But it's just random. In mixed company it's just I'm not, sometimes the word pirate can be construed as a, you know, something negative.


Fig: Fabian made out with a hot girl tonight.


Fabian: I did.


Fig: Tried to help, sorry, I tried to help.


Bill: I—


Kristen: So did I, but, she wasn't real.

Bill: I'm going to table how proud I am of you for making out for a moment.


Fig: Sorry, I tried.


Bill: Are you ashamed of me boy?


Fabian: I’m not— I could never be ashamed of you, Papa.

Bill: Why not say what I am?

Fabian: I mean--


Bill: Does this man shame you?


Brennan: You see he draws his rapier and holds it to the banker's throat, who just stops.

Bill: Does this man shame you? Would it bring shame to any of you to have this man as your father? Let me tell you somethin', what this man is, I am. But, more honest. You ever take someone's home away from 'em, Mr. Hughes?

Brennan: So he goes,


 Mr. Hughes: We occasionally foreclose on a property.

Bill: Aye, I've robbed many things in this world, but never someone's dwelling place. I am the courageous version, of this man. And every man like him.

Adaine: I mean I certainly think that you are better than my dad.


Kristen: My dad too.


Fig: I have two dads and they're both great.

Brennan: You see, he looks at you and says,

Bill: You and I were raised very differently, and I'm realizing that now. There's no shame in bein' who ya' are. I'm a pirate, lad, and I'm sorry that that gave you pause and felt like something you had to conceal. Then he sheathes the sword.


Fabian: I'd like to just adjourn to my room for a second.


Adaine: I am so sorry I got you in trouble I really didn’t mean to.


Riz: Does Mr. Hughes have a briefcase or anything?


Brennan: He does. Bill Seacaster goes to walk away. Mr. Hughes says,


Mr. Hughes: I better be—


Brennan: And Bill Seacaster kicks him right in the head, kicks him out of his chair, gets on a rope and swings sadly off into a crow's nest.

Gorgug: Aw.


Mr. Hughes: I'm going to be going. I've been kicked in the head by one of my—


Zac: Can I make an Insight check on him?


Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Yeah, I would like to do that too.


Zac: All right I got--


Emily: I'm just memorizing what he's wearing.

Murph: I'd like to pretend to be like helping him get up and stuff, but try to swipe anything I can out of—


Brennan: Give me a Stealth Check—

Emily: Ooh!


Brennan: —and a Sleight of Hand.


Emily: I'll also, I'll just play some music to try and distract him.


Fig: What's your favorite song Mr. Hughes?


Mr. Hughes: Not now.


Murph: Stealth, 19. Sleight of Hand, so good, 21.


Brennan: What do you wanna grab for? This guy's wallet, business card?


Murph: Let me grab for his, just somethin' quick.


Brennan: You grab a card out of his—


Murph: Okay.


Brennan: —out of his coat. Fabian, do you head off to your room?


Lou: Mm-hmm.


Brennan: You guys see Fabian walks off into Seacaster Manor.


Fig: So we should probably leave, right? 'Cause we're just in someone's house and they're just--


Riz: We should go to Fabian's room.


Adaine: No, we should go to Fabian's room then.


Riz: We should talk to Fabian.


Fig: You think that Fabian wants this?


Adaine: To get this information.


Gorgug: Let's just try to cheer him up.


Riz: Let's just go to Fabian's room.


Fig: All right, all right.


Murph: We'd like to go up to Fabian's room.


Brennan: The card you get says Alston Hughes, KVX Bank. You see that the KVX is this little slanted red logo KVX Bank. There's his crystal number on it, address of the office down in Bastion City. The department that he is a part of is special investments.


Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check on the logo?


Brennan: Give me an Arcana check on the logo.


Emily: I like that, that's a sassy move.


Siobhan: 7, 14.


Brennan: 14.


Gorgug: KVX, like roman numerals like V, what is VX, 50?


Adaine: Well, but, no. VX is five and then 10, but--


Fig: The K is…


Adaine: Not how you would do it.


Fig: What is K?


Riz: Doesn't it minus if it's on the left side?


Kristen: Yeah.


Adaine: No, but if you, I mean, ten minus five is just five, so, it would just be five. So, it's not Roman numerals.


Riz: Right. Mmkay.


Brennan: You guys head over to Fabian's room. You guys haven't been to Fabian's room. Fabian, what's your room look like?

Lou: It's like very cool, there's not like a ton going on. Like the floor is clean as hell, the bed is absolutely massive, and then there’s just like a massive picture of my father over my bed. And then a bunch of like heirlooms and different trophies that he'd won or that I especially liked all over, and have hung up. And I think I'm just on my side on my bed like looking away out the window very, very sad.

Fig: Hey Fabian.


Adaine: I'm so sorry I got you in trouble.


Fabian: Everything's fine.


Fig: Fabian.


Adaine: But also, like, you made out with my sister.


Fig: Have some Gnomish whiskey.


Fabian: What?


Fig: Have some Gnomish whiskey.


Fabian: Fine. Oh God! Oh that's disgusting, oh my God!


Fig: I stole it from the hospital.

Adaine: Do you have any of the Elvish wine left?


Fig: Yeah, fine Elvish wine, yeah.


Adaine: I think I would like--


Fig: I have a flask for each.


Adaine: To have a drink.


Kristen: I'll try some alcohol.


Gorgug: Should we all—

Fig: Here's some Gnomish whiskey!


Gorgug: —just get drunk right now?


Fabian: I guess. Is it the mood?


Riz: I am not gonna get drunk.


Gorgug: What do you have, can I try something?


Adaine hands Gorgug a drink.


Kristen: This tastes crazy.


Fig: I’ve got fine Elvish wine, Dwarven vodka and Gnomish whiskey.


Fabian: I'll have some of the Elvish wine.


Kristen: When we do like wine and bread at church, they always use grape juice. I've never had actual wine before.

Fig: Go to town, girl.


Brennan: You see that Cathilda, the halfling maid, walks in with a bunch of shot glasses.

Cathilda: All right, children, well, hello there. Would you like something to drink?


Fig: How did you know?


Kristen: I guess I'll do a shot.


Fig: Yeah.


Cathilda: Well, we have a little bit of tequila here if you'd like, and I certainly could cut some limes.


Gorgug: You have a tray of tequila?


Cathilda: Little tray of tequila for the master's son.


Fabian: Please, Cathilda, could you make my favorite snack?


Cathilda: Of course I can.


Brennan: You see that she takes a little tin, unwinds it, a little thing of kippers right in front of you.


Cathilda hands the snack to Fabian.


Fabian: Thank you.

Cathilda: And any snacks for the rest of you?


Kristen: I've only seen this on movies. Keep 'em comin'!


Adaine: Yeah—

 Fig: Am I allowed to—

Adaine: —I'll take some snacks.


Fig: —smoke in here?


Fabian: Of course.


Fig: Okay, cool.


Kristen: I'm good on snacks. I think I'm not gonna eat. Crazy that we were at a party and we're just now partying.


Adaine: Yeah.


Fig: Hey Cathilda?


Cathilda: Yes.

Emily: I wink and give her a little Bardic Inspiration.


Cathilda: Well, thank you very much, lass, I appreciate that.


Fabian: Cathilda, would you leave us?


Cathilda: I'll do that right now.


Brennan: So turns—


Adaine: Thank you so much Cathilda.


Gorgug: Thank you.

Fig: Thank you.


Cathilda: Aaaaall right and you're welcome children.


Brennan: She walks away.


Lou: I'd like to lock the door.


Riz: I don't wanna be this guy while we're having a party, but, Fabian, why do you think your dad's talking to this bank guy?


Fig: Yeah.


Fabian: I don't know. My father's in all sorts of business. He's stupid wealthy. I know none of you have wealthy parents.


Adaine: I have wealthy parents.


Fabian: You have wealthy parents. You know what it's like, our parents are involved in all number of things that I have no idea about.


Adaine: It's terrible.


Kristen: Special investments is what that guy was in.


Fig and Riz: Should we?


Fig: Go to Bastion City?


Riz: Call his—


Fig: Road trip.


Riz: Or we can just maybe, borrow Bill Seacaster's--


Adaine: I mean why don't we, why don't we,


Riz: —cell phone and text this number?


Adaine: Or we can maybe look up what special investments means?


Gorgug: Yeah, I think I’m still kinda hurt.


Riz: Can we see if we can go to this—


Adaine: I am still kind of hurt as well.


Fig: I am too.


Riz: Yeah, we’re pretty fucked up.


Adaine: And I don't have any spells left.


Riz: Should we, do you have like a dope computer?


Fabian: Of course. I've got multiple dope comp— I mean, what do you want? I have, I’ve literally bought anything I've ever wanted.

Brennan: A whole wall lights up.


Fabian’s Computer: Avast! Hello Fabian!


Fabian: Good to see you, computer. My friend was hoping to use you.


Fabian's Computer: Oh, wow!


Riz: Hi.


Fabian's Computer: Hardy, har, har, har. Lower the main sail!


Riz: Ahoy. Um—


Fabian: Please don't talk to my computer like that.


Riz: Sorry. I'm so sorry. Sorry, I've never spoken to a computer like this before. Uh, can you do a Fantasy Google check on KVX Investments, KVX Bank special investments?


Fabian's Computer: 16 men on a dead man’s chest, num, num, num, na, na, num, na, na~


Brennan makes a circle with his finger to indicate a loading icon.


Emily: Oh my God.


Brennan: You go to KVX's home page. It’s a large private bank.


Gorgug: Do they have like a mission statement on their website or something?


Fig: Ooh, yeah. Let's get into the depths, let's get into the about.


Brennan: You go to the about section. Who ever thought a game of D&D, who thought we’d get to looking at the about section of a bank's website.

Adaine: Is there a FAQs on this website?


Fig: Can we hack into the actual...


Kristen: Is there a profile of this specific banker who was here? Like his—


Adaine: Oh, yeah.


Kristen: —picture and all that.


Fig: Alston Hughes.


Brennan: You find Alston Hughes. It has a little thing for him, says Head of Special Investments, helping the bank make specific individual investments to further the dynamic mission statement of this bank.


Adaine: Eugh, is there a Reddit equivalent?


Kristen: Oh yeah.


Adaine: Where people can talk about conspiracy theories?


Fabian: Hold on, computer pause. What exactly are we looking for? I mean I'm unclear as to the information that we are hoping to acquire.


Gorgug: Well—


Fig: Well, we know, here's what we know. We know Penelope Everpetal is involved somehow.


Fabian: Yes.


Kristen: Yeah.


Fig: We know that she is the reason that Aelwyn did what she did tonight. We also know that bank is shady as hell.


Adaine: Yeah.


Fabian: But we have one maybe thing and one very clear thing.


Adaine: Do we know what Penelope Everpetal's parents do? I don't know anything about them.


Fig: I don't know, but when I went in there--


Adaine: Except that she wants to be--


Gorgug: She always hangs out with Dayne, right?


Fabian: Computer, please Fantasy Google search Everpetal.


Fabian's Computer: Dead men tell no tales. Num, num, num, na, na, num, na, na.

Brennan: You see there's a little social media profile. Penelope Everpetal, she's got a little filter that has a crown on her head and she's kissing Dayne, and there's another thing of her on a trip to Highcourt. A thing of her trip to Fallinel, a trip to Kalembrimor. All just sort of making the same face in each one.


Gorgug: She takes a lot of vacations.


Brennan: There's another one of her, a young one with her and Sam Nightingale on it.


Riz: Hm, she's— that's one of the missing girls.


Fig: But, who are, who are her, we knew that Sam Nightingale.


Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Investigate check.


Murph: ‘Kay.


Fig: We wanna find out who her parents are. And why she's rich.


Murph: 27.


Brennan: 27. You dip into these, you go not through her tagged photos, but you find a way, going through like a mutual friend and dipping through, to get to one of her photo albums, which says old photos that she's untagged herself from. There's some old sort of best friend forever photos of her and Penny Luckstone. Her and Katja Cleaver. Her and Danielle Barkstock. Her and Antiope Jones. Her and Sam Nightingale. Her and Ostentatia Wallace. You see one posted earlier today of her and Zelda Donovan.


Adaine: Zelda!


Kristen: Zelda!


Gorgug: Wait, what?


Adaine: Your girlfriend.


Kristen: Your girl.


Gorgug: Actually we're not dating, but-


Fabian: Yeah, he does not have a girlfriend.


Gorgug: Yeah, I mean—


Fig: He has more of a girlfriend than you do, Fabian.


Fabian: Okay, alright, I kissed someone.


Riz: All of these girls are missing and then there's a picture of Zelda. So Zelda’s in danger.


Kristen: Yeah, Zelda's next.


Adaine: Stop bringing that up.


Kristen: Oh, we should—


Riz: Do you know where Zelda lives? Since she's your girlfriend.


 Kristen: Did you ever get a number from her?


Gorgug: She's not my girlfriend.


Kristen: Did you get a number from her, Gorgug?


Gorgug: I didn't get a girlfriend. I didn't--


Adaine: You didn't get a girlfriend.


Gorgug: I didn't get her number.


Fig: Okay, so we think that Penelope's a bad guy, right?


Adaine: Oh, she's definitely a bad guy.


Fig: We know that she's a bad guy. But, what do we know that's going on in the world. I took notes about what we had in the past. So…


Kristen: Let's see.

Fig: We had, you had the stuff that you told us about Kalvaxus, was the main bad guy in the Red Waste and he owned the, he was like in charge, he was using as pawns the Nightmare King and the Necronomicon. And then there was like a big showdown and then Alexandria defeated him and disbanded the monarchy.


Adaine: So what does that have to do—


Fig: 'Cause we know that Coach Daybreak-

Adaine: So, Kalvaxus—

Gorgug: Wait, what is Kalvaxus?

Fig: He was the bad guy.

Adaine: Was the demon guy.


Fig: Was like the demon guy who liked the Night--


Gorgug: Kalvaxus?


Fig: Kalvaxus was—

Adaine: Oh! KVX!


Fig: Ohhhh!

Riz: Okay, so--


Kristen: Like the bank?


Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Yes.

Fabian: Yes. Yes.

Adaine: Motherfucker.


Kristen: It's Kalvaxus' bank.


Adaine: Riz, there's something I need to tell you.


Riz: Oh, what's up?


Adaine: I know something about your dad.


Riz: Yeah, he worked for like, the State Department? He was like a, had like a disease and he died.


Adaine: No, he died on the ship that sank. He was in the Secret Service and he died on the ship that sank.


Fig: Your dad died on September 1st?


Brennan: No, your dad died five years ago.


Adaine: So he died in a—


Riz: He died in a—


Adaine: —different ship that sank?


Fig: Why are people dying so much?


Riz: My dad died in a ship that sank?


Fig: Wait a second. Sinking ships throughout history has been used to start wars.


Fabian: No, wait.


Adaine: You're right. Who are they trying to start a war with?


Fig: And, Coach Daybreak was probably trying to start a war when he did the perditional contradoxy thing. Because that's technically--


Adaine: Right. Breaking down barriers between the two worlds, the two, uh—


Gorgug: What two worlds?


Adaine: Countries. Um, Spyre and Highcourt, because Highcourt is—


Gorgug: Well if Spyre is everything—


Adaine: —the religious country, right? It's, it's, um, um, kyriarchy? It's run by the church.


Fig: Yeah.


Gorgug: Maybe we don't have all the answers.


Fig: I don't think that we do.


Adaine: I don't think that we do, but I feel like we're closer.


Kristen: For KVX, yeah, I think that's the biggest thing.


Adaine: Is Kalvaxus, I mean, if he's some kind of demon, that means that he's immortal, right?


Gorgug: Can you ask your dad—


Adaine: Can we kill a demon?


Gorgug: —about Kalvaxus?


Kristen: Yeah.


Fig: Yeah.


Emily: Can I text my dad?


Brennan: Sure.

Emily: Can I text Gorthalax? Can I FaceTime him actually?

Brennan: The FaceTime doesn't go through, but you can text him.


Kristen: I have an idea too. Maybe Gorgug, you could

try to find Zelda's—


Gorgug: Can I use your computer?

Kristen: Online profile.


Fig: We do have to do something about Zelda.


Kristen: And start texting with her. And see if—


Adaine: Yeah. Can you text Zelda?


Kristen: Just be suave. Just like woo her.


Gorgug: Can you guys kinda help me out?


Fig: Ask her to meet you.


Gorgug: Okay.


Fig: Tonight.


Gorgug: Tonight? ...We should, all right. You guys mind if we use your computer?


Fabian: Your crystal won't do?


Kristen: Wow!


Gorgug: Oh, you're right, I can pull out my crystal.


Adaine: Let him use your computer man.


Fabian: No, no!


Kristen: Let him use your computer.


Fabian: Nobody gets to just use my computer because you have a texting device.


Kristen: There's a bunch of porn on there.


Fabian: No, there's not a bunch of porn on there.


Kristen: There's a bunch of porn on there.


Fabian: There's not a bunch of porn on there.


Gorgug: I don't wanna look at your porn.


Adaine: So much porn.


Fig: I search porn.


Fabian’s Computer: Yo, ho, ho. Accessing pornography.

Fabian: Stop! Computer, stop! Stop, pause! Pause! 

High-Pitched Porn Voice: 

Pirate Porn Voice: Yar har, ha ha har, yar har.

Fabian: Everyone, look away! Do not look at this!


Pirate Porn Voice: Oh, shiver me timbers! Suck the plank!


Fabian: Stop! This is my father's stuff.


Fig: Priva-tear me a new one, wow!


Kristen: Wow!


Fabian: No, there's no need for puns, all right.

Kristen: Wow. You guys, this is a wild night for me.


Adaine: Your dad is looking at porn on your computer?


Kristen: That's weirder.


Fabian: Well, it's a central hub. Or something.


Kristen: Hmmm. I don’t buy it.


Gorgug: I will try to find Zelda on my crystal.


Fig: Yeah, get in touch with Zelda.


Kristen: After that.


Brennan: You find Zelda on your crystal, there's the little add friend button. Her profile photo is a black and white, filtered and blurry ink rendering of just an eye and a piece of her hair coming down.


Fig: She's really artistic.


Gorgug: So cool.


Murph: So Myspace.


Fabian: Gorgug, do not.


Gorgug: Such a cool picture.


Kristen: You have to. Don't let Fabian tell you. Add friend—


Gorgug: All right.


Adaine: Don't take dating advice from Fabian.


Kristen: Uh…


Gorgug: Okay, I added her.


Kristen: Okay, and then send a message too? Just like--


Fig: Yeah. I think just chat her. You need to chat her.


Gorgug: I have to wait for her to accept my friend request, right?


Brennan: You see that the request is confirmed. And then you are immediately unfriended.

Gorgug: Huh! Ah.

Brennan: And then a friend request comes in for you. And that friend request is deleted.


Gorgug: What?


Brennan: And the friend request comes back.


Gorgug: Huh?


Brennan: And then deleted. And then the friend request comes back. And deleted.

Emily: Can I do an Insight check if she's just having a panic attack or if someone else is controlling it? It's not gonna be the best.


Ally: I'll do the same. 


Emily: It's gonna be a 10, no sorry 11.


Ally: I got 18.


Brennan: 18. She's freaking out.


Kristen: Oh! Cute!


Fig: Oh.


Kristen: Just send her a message that says hey!


Fig: Saying I don't want to freak you out.


Gorgug: Okay. Hey. What?


Fig: Tell her--


Kristen: That's it.


Gorgug: Should I say?


Fig: Tell her you just got a tattoo.


Gorgug: I didn't get a, do I have to go get a tattoo now?


Adaine: Don’t tell—


Kristen: Don't listen to Fig—


Riz: We need to be more—


Kristen: Just put hey.


Adaine: Don't listen to Fig.


Gorgug: Um. What’s up? 


Adaine: Do you wanna go see some art? Ask her to go and see some art.


Gorgug: I don't know, I bet—


Kristen: It's nighttime though.


Riz: I can't believe I just found out my dad sank in a ship and we're helping him flirt right now.


Fig: That is--


Fabian: Take some gnomish vodka and shut up, all right?


Fig: That's totally fair. I will play your favorite sad song.


Zac: I say,

Gorgug: What's up, uh, how's your semester going?


Kristen: What?


Fabian: That's so bad.


Gorgug: Why? I wanna know!

Fig: Tell her you got a tattoo!


Riz: She's actively in danger right now. So, say that you need to meet up.


Fig: You need to meet up.


Gorgug: Okay.


Adaine: Don't say you need to meet up.


Gorgug: But— 


Fabian: That's thirsty. Don't say you need to meet up.


Gorgug: I need to meet up.


Fabian: Say you'd like to meet up.


Riz: We’re not— this isn't a date.


Adaine: He already did it.


Fig: Tell her the tattoo got infected.

Gorgug: She doesn't even know I have a tattoo.


Adaine: Why do you keep saying that?!


Gorgug: I don't have a tattoo.


Brennan: So what does the message say to her? It says we need to meet up?


Gorgug: I say, hey, what's up?


Fabian: We want—


Kristen: And then Fig adds—


Gorgug: How is your semester?


Kristen: —my tattoo got infected, to whatever this is.


Adaine: Hey what's up, how’s your semester, we need to meet up.


Fabian: We would like.


Gorgug: We would like to meet up.


Kristen: We?


Fig: We?


Kristen: No, that's weird.


Fabian: You, you you you.


Gorgug: I backspace. Okay. Hey, how's your semester, I think you might be in trouble LOL.


Kristen: No. No, no, no.


Fabian: Keep that LOL in there.


Gorgug: I send that.

Brennan: You get a response back that says,

Zelda: not much, you? *good not, not much. *not, not much. I didn't mean to type not much. I meant to say good. My semester's going good.


Gorgug: What does that mean?


Fig: Just tell her you need to meet up right now.


Kristen: Her semester is going good.


Brennan: She says,


Zelda: I'm in trouble LOL? Like how do you...LOL...what?


Fig: Oh my gosh, she thinks that you are, like, being flirty with her.


Gorgug: Oh. Well—


Kristen: Say, “let's meet up tonight. I know this sounds crazy, but where are you?”


Gorgug: What if we just went to get ice cream?


Riz: Just say that you wanna—


Kristen: Invite her to Basrar's.


Adaine: Invite her for ice cream.


Gorgug: Hey, do you wanna get ice cream tonight? I know that's wild LOL.

Riz: LOL.


Fig: Okay, that's… fine.


Riz: This seems to be a thing between them. Sorry, I'm emotionally distraught.


Fabian: Uh-huh. Yes.


Brennan: There's a long pause, like about a two minute pause.


Gorgug: Oh no.


Fabian: I’m sorry buddy.


Fig: Maybe she's like—

Gorgug: Maybe they got her.


Kristen: Oh, no. Don't say that.


Fig: All because you couldn't nut up and tell her that you got a tattoo.

Brennan: You get a message back from her saying,

Zelda: So sorry, I dropped my phone in the toilet, I'm on my computer now.


Gorgug: What?

Kristen: Okay.


Brennan: She says,


Zelda: LOL forget about the toilet thing that didn't happen something else happened. I took a pause in the conversation for a different reason. Not the toilet. Forget about the toilet thing I said.

Fabian: You cannot date this person.


Kristen: You absolutely have to—

Riz: She is—


Kristen: —date this person.


Adaine: Who else is he gonna date?


Fabian: All right, fair.


Gorgug: Wow.


Kristen: Invite her to ice cream, she's--


Adaine: I mean, she’s perfect for you, because she’s really nice.


Kristen: Say you're gonna pick her up and go to ice cream. And then you two hop on the bike and you pick her up on the bike.


Brennan: She says,


Zelda: on my way to Basrar's right now LOL. Hope that you like banana sundaes because I also like them and then that would be a thing we had in common.


Gorgug: That would be a good for me too. And I like them.


Adaine: A good for you too?

Gorgug: And that would be a good thing for me too to eat a banana split.


Fabian: Well that's fantastic.


Gorgug: I guess I like them too.


Fig: I guess? Commit, man!


Gorgug: I got it.


Riz: All right, all right, cool.


Fig: Okay.


Riz: Let's go to the ice cream shop. ...How are the ships— why are the ships five years apart? Why was my dad on the one ship—


Fig: Did your dad die on September 1st is what I’m asking.


Riz: No, he died five years ago.


Fig: But, I'm sayin' was it five years ago on September 1st?


Fabian: Well, I'm— .


Murph: Did my dad die on September 1st five years ago?


Brennan: He actually died on that first Saturday after September 1st, if you remember. He died a couple days later in September five years ago.

Adaine: But maybe, so maybe it's a weekday thing. It's like a first Sunday in September type thing or a lunar calendar, or...

Fig: Is like a prophetic time for--


Gorgug: Let's talk on the way.


Siobhan: Can I, uh, do— 


Adaine: Yeah, let's talk on the way.


Siobhan: Can I do, like, a— oh, sorry.


Emily: Can I text Gorthalax and say, hey pops, what do you know about— 

Kristen: Maybe have him join us at ice cream.

Gorgug: Kalvaxus?


Adaine: Kalvaxus.


Emily: Oh, I could say,


Fig: Hey pops, first off we're goin' to Basrar's. I know you got that sweet tooth. If not, what do you know about Kalvaxus?


Brennan: Cool. You guys head off to Basrar's. You don't get an immediate response from your dad. You guys wanna do anything before you leave Seacaster manor?


Lou: Can I do a better job of hiding my pornography?


Emily: Can we, can I do—


Murph: While he's hiding his pornography, I kinda wanna whisper to these guys,


Riz: Hey guys isn't there something with how doing something through that gate might not bring about the apocalypse, but might bring back the monarchy or something?

Adaine: Yeah, maybe.

Fig: That's what I'm thinking.

Riz: You know who might want a monarchy, like a captain working with a bank.


Fig: You know who wanted a monarchy is Penelope.


Adaine: I—


Riz: Yeah, that's— .


Gorgug: Yeah.


Adaine: Yeah.


Riz: Prom king and queen?


Adaine: Mm-hmm.


Fig: Yeah.


Riz: Jesus Christ that's nuts.


Kristen: You think she wants to be like eternal prom king and queen?


Riz: Like eternal prom queen?


Adaine: Like eternal prom king and queen?


Kristen: They wanna be, her and Zayn wanna be king and queen of the entire land.


Fig: There's no way that they could ever reach that level of—


Gorgug: Wait, someone’s trying to bring the—


Riz: A prom king?


Fig: What do Zayn's parents do?


Riz: We don't know anything.


Adaine: Isn’t it Dayne?


Emily: How does Font of Inspiration do work, because I'd like to heal us all while we're—


Brennan: Yes.


Emily: Because I'm worried about--


Brennan: You guys head off. You can do your short rest up if you want to.


Murph: Yeah, that's a good idea.


Brennan: You guys go to Basrar's.


Siobhan: I will do it.


Siobhan: It's a… like, 5 d6’s.


Lou: 10.

Emily: But I'm supposed to give an extra D6.


Siobhan: Oh right.


Brennan: Actually I'm just gonna say you guys are all back to full.


Siobhan: What about spell.... What about spells?


Brennan: Spells, spells are not. It's like getting late and it's like about 11 o'clock at night. You guys go into Basrar's. Soda fountain's all set up, it's lovely here. Pretty empty, it's getting late at night. In a little booth that's just one of those booths that's like small in the middle of the thing, you see Zelda is seated. She's got a little green hoodie that has a little black silhouette of like a fairy sylvan creature on it. Her hair is kinda hanging down in front of her face. You see that she's got little earbuds in and is sitting. You see that she has a little rose in her hand. A little flower.


Siobhan: Let's—


Zac: Maybe Gorgug— I put on that leather jacket I’ve been carrying.


Kristen: Gorgug, can we just pop in with Gorgug really quick.


Adaine: Yeah, we need to—


Kristen: Make sure you ask how she knows Penny, how that goes bad. Maybe try to find out if anyone's done anything weird to her lately.


Gorgug: Yeah.


Kristen: You got this, but—


Riz: She's not your dad.


 Gorgug: She isn’t?


Kristen: Don't get sidetracked.


Adaine: You’re a good guy.


Emily: Can I give him like—


Adaine: You’re a good catch, okay?


Fig: Yes you are.


Gorgug: Okay, thank you, okay. 

Emily: Can I use like a little Minor Illusion to like gel his hair in a nice way.



Brennan: Your hair kinda pops back and immediately falls back in front of your face.


 Gorgug: Awww.


Fig: It looks great, it looks really great.


Adaine: It looks really great.


Kristen: You look intentionally great.


Fabian: It looks fine.


Gorgug: I gotta do it. I gotta go.


Brennan: You go sit down. Are you guys making anything to hide?


Murph: I think we’ll just be in like a different booth.


Emily: I’m hiding.


Siobhan: I'm just being like a couple booths over.


Fig: No, we gotta hide, he'll feel embarrassed.


Riz: We'll be on the other side.


Kristen: We'll just be on the other side.


Riz: You want us to wait outside? Do you guys just wanna wait in the parking lot?


Fabian: I'm gonna get a root beer float.


Kristen: I'm gonna get a sundae. I mean, hello!


Siobhan: I would like to, as we're doing this, look up, check on the lunar calendars of when the first and second ships sank to see if there's any sort of significance there?


Brennan: Cool. As you look it up, going back through your notes. You realize that what Sklonda was saying was not that Riz's dad had died in a shipwreck. You're only going back over what you've written. As it all happened very quickly.


Siobhan: Right, yeah.


Brennan: But that he had died on a mission, and you realize that her wording makes it unclear if the mission was on the ship as though he was physically on the ship or if his mission was on the topic of the ship. So, you just assumed because you'd seen that little ship in your sister's room. But suddenly you realize, that it might be even more complicated than that.

Adaine: Yeah, Riz, I might have made a mistake. It might not have been that it's, he was on the ship, he maybe he was investigating the ship.

Riz: Interesting, I wonder if I should talk to my mom and see if she'll—

Adaine: I mean it's weird that she hasn't told you already. So, maybe—

Riz: I am 14. But, now that I'm a renegade detective—


Adaine: That's true.


Riz: —maybe she'll tell me.


Brennan: You see that Gorgug goes and stands over there. Zelda looks immediately terrified. You see that she's noticed your friends here. And she's just like, wincing ahead of time. She looks up and goes,


Zelda: Um, your friends here, like, as a prank or something?


Gorgug: No, no, oh they're just, they're like, they heard that I was getting ice cream and wanted ice cream too. So they're just, it's good to see you. 

Zelda: Oh, cool, yeah, my friends they all peaced out. They didn't want, they were all like, “we all live in different homes.”


Gorgug: Right.


Zelda: “We have to go home.”


Gorgug: All my friends live in different homes, too.


Siobhan: I message him.


Adaine: Tell her she looks nice.


Gorgug: Um, y-you uh,


Zac: I look at my phone.

Gorgug: You look nice.


Zelda: Are you bored?


Gorgug: No, no.


Zelda: What did you say?


Gorgug: I said you look nice.


Brennan: Go ahead and make a, Persuasion roll.


Emily: I wink at him.


Brennan: Wink at him, cool, with Bardic Inspiration.


Emily: My last Bardic.


Brennan: This is actually just a Charisma check. Charisma check.


Murph: Gorgug's charismatic, right?

Zac: Wait, do I get…


Emily: You get to add an extra d6.


Zac: Phew.


Zac: Phew. Flat five.


Brennan: Flat five!


Murph: What?


Brennan: You see, she looks at you and goes,


Zelda: Oh, could—


Gorgug: I'm sorry, I'm nervous.


Zelda: It's cool, I'm nervous too. I, uh, I’m— Your friends are like popular and loud. 

Gorgug: Yeah they're really loud.


Fabian: Ha, ha, ha!


Emily: I take out a violin bow and start playing my bass now.

 Riz: Father!!!


Gorgug: Sometimes I feel like they're just so loud all the time and I would just love to be quiet.


Zelda: Yeah, I get that. My family's super, um, loud too. Um, I'm like the least loud… uh, one.


Gorgug: That's me, too. I like to be quiet. Did you want some ice cream? Should we get some ice cream?


Zelda: Yeah!


Brennan: Basrar comes over.


Basrar: Ah, hello! To the young couple, congratulations.


Gorgug: Ahhh… 


Basrar: Is this some sort of anniversary? I notice you have a flower.


Gorgug: Oh, yeah.


Brennan: You see Zelda looks and she goes,


Zelda: I actually just, was, I— 


Brennan: And just eats the whole rose, thorns and all.


Gorgug: Oh.


Fabian: The Ball, did you see that? Did the girl just eat the flower?


Riz: Yeah, sometimes people eat flowers. Goblins do it all the time.


Fabian: Okay.


Zelda: I'm part goat, so I can eat, super anything.


Gorgug: Yeah. Uh, do you want more flowers? 

Zelda: No.


Gorgug: To eat?


Zelda: No, but if you want, do you want some?


Gorgug: Could we get a sundae with some flowers on it?


Basrar: I can only do ice cream is the thing. So I can do like a flower flavor?


Gorgug: Okay.


Basrar: Like I can do my very specific wishes, okay? So—


Gorgug: I get it.


Basrar: Okay.


Gorgug: What I, yeah, whatever, uh. Does flower flavor sound good to you?


Basrar: Flower is okay. Do you wish to use your wish for ice cream later or is someone going to pay?


Brennan: Zelda says,


Zelda: I can, I'll pay.


Gorgug: I got it, I got it. I can, I'll pay. It was my idea, so.


Zelda: Okay, okay.


Gorgug: Yeah.


Brennan: You pay for the ice cream. It comes out to be one gold piece. You see that--


Zac goes to mark it on his character sheet but stops, laughing instead.


Brennan: You see that Zelda looks over at you.


Zelda: Yeah, my family, all worship the god of wine and ecstasy,


Gorgug: Oh.


Zelda: And I'm, um, I’m training to be a battle dancer, and...


Gorgug: Battle dancer?


Zelda: Yeah, sort of my ancestors would go wild in the hills and forests and they would drink, um, wine and they would experience a deep ecstasy and they would rend men limb from limbs with their hands. Um...


Gorgug: So cool.


Zelda: Really? Cause some people think it makes you like, a freak.


Gorgug: Oh, I don't think so, I think it's cool. Um, yeah.


Zelda: That's why, if I was weird when you flipped out on Ragh, It was just that I got super, um, like when you flipped out, it's like that's... hot.


Gorgug: Oh!


Zelda: Um, 'cause I also,


Gorgug: What?


Zelda: No, it's stupid.


Gorgug: It’s not stu— um, uh, cool. I mean. Awesome. That's awesome.


Zelda: Yeah, whatever.


Gorgug: That's really awesome.


Zelda: I just, like, I um, I flip, like,


Gorgug: You flip out?


Zelda: Yeah, I have to, I have to practice with Porter.


Gorgug: Oh, yeah.


Zelda: Because I can't be in the regular Barbarian classes because I flip out too hard for the other barbarians?


Gorgug: Really?


Zelda: Yeah, 'cause it's like a divine thing, where it's like powered by the god of wine and ecstasy—


Gorgug: No way.


Zelda: And so it gets really disturbing. So, I have to—


Gorgug: I bet it's awesome. Hey, this feels like an annoying thing to ask, but, do you know Penelope?


Zelda: Uh, not super well. She asked me to hang out earlier today, but,


Gorgug: She's been doin' weird stuff. We were, just, me and my friends were just like kind of noticing.


Zelda: Yeah, I didn't super get it. She actually asked me about you and like if we had hooked up at all or, I don't know, she thought, it's weird.


Gorgug: Huh.


Zelda: It's weird.


Gorgug: That's so weird.


Zelda: I haven't hooked up with anybody, so.


Gorgug: Oh, yeah. I know what you’re thinking, but yeah, me either. I just bought a jacket and stuff.


Ally: I'm like asking Fig to spike my milkshake so I'm on one right now.


Fig: Yeah, yeah. Drink up, girl.


Zelda: But is she weird? She's like, not cool?


Gorgug: I think she's like maybe, I don't want to freak you out, but I think she's like maybe like a psycho, like.


Zelda: Weird.


Gorgug: Killer person. Like she might be doin' some crazy stuff like putting people in stuff.

Zelda: I'll super, she just asked with me to hang out tomorrow but I'll super not.


Gorgug: Wait, what? Yeah, maybe you should. But, also, where did she say that she wanted to hang out?


Zelda: Just like at school.


Gorgug: Okay, cool. What kinda music do you like?

Zelda: Um, I like a lot of different stuff. Like I like screamo, I like emo. I like punk and like some pop punk I like. I like metal, rage metal, I like death metal. I like scream metal. I like mad metal, I like hate metal. Um, I like mad metal, crazy metal. I like thrash metal, smash metal, some of it's good, I like the older stuff. I like, uh, slice metal is good, I like chop metal, it’s good.

Emily: I throw something at Gorgug.


Gorgug: Ow, ow!


Zelda: How 'bout you, what kind of stuff are you into?


Gorgug: Same stuff.


Brennan: You guys watch the rest of this very cute ice cream date between Gorgug and Zelda.


Murph: Can I sneak out and see if there's anybody outside like, following Zelda?


Brennan: Gimme a Perception roll.


Murph: Cool. 

Brennan: Coast is clear.


Murph: Everything's all good.


Emily: Have I heard back from Gorthalax?


Brennan: You have not heard back from Gorthalax.


Siobhan: Can I do—


Emily: That's really weird.


Siobhan: A Ritual Detect Magic on Zelda just to see if there's anything weird—


Brennan: Weird?


Siobhan: Weird going on there?

Brennan: Nothing that seems to be weird. She has a little bit of a trace of divine magic around her, but that's about it.

Siobhan: That's pretty normal for somebody who's a—


Kristen: Um, what should we do? Like someone at all times follow her? Keep tabs on her to and from school?


Fig: Yeah, I think tomorrow, we just need to shadow her.


Brennan: Zelda waves at you, she gets up and says,


Zelda: All right, well it's getting late and my parents, honestly, they get mad at me if I get home too early 'cause they're like, “live life, rip your clothes off, kill, feel the rush of blood and feel the hot, warmth of what it means to truly live.” And I'm like.


Gorgug: Wow.


Zelda: Dad, shut up, shut up.


Gorgug: Cool. Um, uh, my parents are gnomes.


Zelda: What?


Gorgug: Yeah.


Ally: I'm drunk and I yell,


Kristen: You should go home together!

Zelda: I gotta, I gotta go,


Gorgug: Oh, okay.


Zelda: Um, bye, it was super nice to—


Gorgug: Yeah.


Zelda: Uh.


Gorgug: I'll see you at school tomorrow.


Zelda: Yeah, I'll see you at school.


Kristen: I'm probably not going to school tomorrow.


Gorgug: Awesome.


Zelda: Awesome. Bye!


Brennan: All right, she runs away.

Riz: Should we... follow her?


Fig: I think we should be, yeah, we cannot let her—


Riz: Do you wanna drive her home?


Fig: Here's my thought.


Gorgug: I just got out of that so smoothly. I have to follow her now?


Fig: Okay, well, how 'bout you show up with Gorgug on the back? Give her a ride home.


Adaine: Yeah.


Fig: And then you and your elvish ways can stand guard at her house, maybe.


Kristen: Well, Ball is really good at hiding.


Fabian: Well, I mean—


Fig: He needs to sleep.


Adaine: I need to sleep 'cause I have no higher level spells left.


Fabian: Yeah, but didn't you say that Penelope was planning on—


Gorgug: She's saying she just wanted to meet her tomorrow.


Fabian: I mean feel like it’s, when school or tomorrow morning early, is when we need to be on guard.


Riz: Most of this ends with—


Kristen: Yeah.


Riz: These people not showing up to school.


Kristen: Yes.


Fig: Yeah.


Riz: Is that, how most of these things end.


Kristen: I think we gotta, this is just one night we gotta sacrifice. Who feels most comfortable staking out the place?


Riz: I can probably just sleep outside.


Fig: I mean, I only got Gilear to go home to and he won't notice if I'm not there.


Riz: Oh, actually my mom would be super pissed. She told me to go home like six hours ago.


Fig: She did.


Fabian: Yeah, I need to get eight hours or else I'm very cranky.


Fig: I need to get eight hours. But, I mean we could do shifts.


Gorgug: I feel like I could go. But I don't—


Riz: Why don't we do a quick lap on the motorcycle and make sure she gets home okay.


Fabian: Wait, you don't get to dictate what happens on my motorcycle, The Ball, okay.


Riz: Just a quick lap on Fabian's motorcycle.


Kristen: All right, who's gonna stay—

Riz: Me and Fabes.

Kristen: —staking out her house all night? 'Cause I can offer.


Fig: I can too.


Kristen: I'm bound to be up all night.

 

Adaine: If you do that, we won't have any healing spells.


Gorgug: I think you're really drunk.


Kristen: I'm—


Fabian: You should go home.


Riz: You for sure need to sleep the most.


Fabian: You know what, fine! Me—


Kristen: If you guys could only feel what I'm feeling right now.


Fabian: You know what, fine. Me and The Ball will go and case the joint.


Brennan: The Hangman says,


The Hangman: Master. I neither sleep nor rest.


Kristen: Ooh, perfect.


The Hangman: I can keep my watchful gaze upon the girl.


Riz: Okay.


Fig: Awww.


Fabian: All right, fine. My motorcycle will go watch for the girl and make sure that everything's all right.


Kristen: You can go home and watch porn.


Fabian: J-- Good night!


Brennan: The Hangman begins to roar down the street. You see that Zelda has her arms up on her backpack, and has her headphones in, turns around, sees this flaming motorcycle coming down the street. Turns and goes,


Zelda: Aaaahhh!


Brennan: Runs screaming as the motorcycle chases her down the street.


Kristen: No.


Riz: Oh, no, shoulda been more specific with, uh...


Kristen: Yeah, fuck.


Fabian: Hangman, not in the moment, just keep an eye out on the house.


The Hangman: Oh, the house, very well master. I will destroy the house.


Group: No!


The Hangman: I will protect the house.


Riz: Make sure the girl doesn't get kidnapped.


Fabian: Yes, just keep watch.


The Hangman: I shall keep eternal vigil on the house until every rock has been reduced to dust.


Fabian: All right, thank you Hangman.


Emily: Can I give him a little treat? I wanna give him like a—


Fabian: Do not give treats to my motorcycle, all right.


Brennan: You guys head home.


Adaine: Can I stay at somebody's house?


Fig: Yeah, come sleep over with us. 

Kristen: Can I sleep over at your house too? I hate my parents.


Fig: Yeah.


Riz: Everybody lives at the crappy apartments now.


Kristen: Hell yeah.


Brennan: So, four of you— so, you go back to the Thistlesprings.


Kristen: Vending machine party again. I'm just eating a million chips shit-faced.


Riz: Hey, Fabian, if you wanna sleep over, I got a—


Fabian: No, just, do any of you have a king plus size bed? No? All right, fantastic, I'm going home.

Brennan: You go back to Seacaster Manor.


Fabian: Can I talk to my father before I go to bed?


Brennan: Yeah, you go up to the crow's nest. You see he's up there.


Emily: The crow's nest.


Siobhan: Can I give you, I'll give you the model of the Harpy.


Fabian: Oh.


Emily: I don't think it's a diplomatic mission.


Bill: Well, well, well.


Brennan: Bing, da, ding.

Bill: Playin' me shanties up here in the crow's nest. How goes it, Fabian Aramais Seacaster?


Fabian: It goes well father. I want you to know that.. I am your son through and through. Only last week, I literally thought about cutting a man's heart out of his chest.


Bill: Don't try to patronize me with things you know I love.


Fabian: I was going to do it. He was constantly making fun of me for having no heart and then I literally thought about taking his heart out of his chest and showing it to him because then I would have heart and be, it's not worth it. Um, father, you're a pirate and, I'm not. But, I am your son. And that means more to me than anything.


Bill: What's that you have there in your hand?


Fabian: Oh, it's a ship, it's called the Harpy. Are you familiar?


Bill: Aye, I know the Harpy well. Cursed ship that.


Fabian: What?


Bill: Some centuries old. That was the flagship of the navy of Kalvaxus, Emperor of the Red Waste.


Fabian: Oh, you don't say. Um, fantastic, but it's gone, right? Wait, hold on. Did you say it was Kalvaxus' ship?


Bill: It was the flagship of Kalvaxus' navy.


Fabian: If I were to tell you that this model here was made out of the wood of that ship. Would that be surprising or?


Bill: That be cursed wood then. And I'd see it out of me house as soon as you please.


Fabian: All right, well, it's not, it’s not, so—


Bill: The Harpy was destroyed along with all the rest of Kalvaxus' wealth long ago. But the Harpy was the most fearsome ship on the seven seas.


Fabian: Oh.


Bill: It was… made with illusory magic. Could go invisible, look like another ship. It could cloak itself, disguise itself, it was a true devil on the seas. Far before my time, but, any sailor knows the legend of the Harpy.


Fabian: Now I do as well. All right, well father, I must be off.


Bill: Are you truly the captain of the Owlbears? Or is Dayne Blade still the captain?


Fabian: I...


Lou: Am I the captain of the Owlbears?


Emily: Yeah you are, Gorthalax made you—


Lou: It was the talk of everyone being the captain, but—


Brennan: Yeah, Gorthalax seemed to be really uncomfortable telling anyone they couldn't be captain.


Lou: Ha, ha, ha.


Brennan: So, he was just like, if you feel like captain you are a captain.


Lou: Okay, great.


Emily: Ha! That's my dad.


Fabian: Well, Father, I'll tell you this, I killed the coach of the Owlbears, which, in a way, I don't know, makes me king of the Owlbears? I mean took down the previous ruler, and though I don't sit in his place and wear his crown, I have his soul in some way or another.


Bill: You journey with those friends of yours, and I see the way they look at you, a peer, no fear in their heart of you. I do not know what you are the captain of, Fabian. Leave your father be now.


Brennan: Make a Perception check for me.


Lou: All right. A 3.


Bill: Get along then.


Fabian: Yes, Papa.


Bill: Ha ha ha… Well roll the ol’ chariot along… Well roll the ol’…


Brennan: You walk away from the crow's nest so you can go down to your room. You see that Cathilda pops in real quick and says,

Cathilda: Right, Master Fabian, is everything all right?


Fabian: It's fine, it's just I'm not used to Papa being mad at me. I don't know.


Cathilda: Well, you're growin' up. Every parent gets mad at they're children as they get older because they're really mad that they’re seeing their last chances to make a difference.

Fabian: Well, when you put it that way, Cathilda.


Brennan: You see that she pinches your cheek and says,


Cathilda: I'll go get some kippers.


Fabian: Ooh, thank you.


Brennan: We cut over to the Thistlespring tree real quick. You arrive home late, you see your parents are out. Your dad's in like an undershirt. Your mom's in like a sort of apron and has like a little sort of wrap around. It's like hot, they're like welding together, they're like sweating out of building this big apparatus. Look over at you and say,


Wilma: Well, hi there, bud, how you doin'?


Gorgug: I'm good, what, you guys are up late.


Wilma: Yeah, we're workin' on a big ole project.


Gorgug: Oh, what, what is it?


Digby: Well it's a big ole power source for the new arcade down at the Elm Valley Mall.


Gorgug: Oh?


Digby: Yeah!


Gorgug: Good night.


Brennan: You head to bed.


Wilma: Anything exciting happen today?


Gorgug: Oh, um, well, I kinda went on my first date.


Thistlesprings: Ah!


Brennan: Like fireworks.


Thistlesprings: Oh my goodness. Well who's the lucky young lady or fella bud?


Gorgug: Oh, I'm glad that you're open-minded, but it's Zelda. She goes to school with me.


Wilma: Golly, that's so lovely. Well what's she like? Could she come over? Where is she now?


Gorgug: I think she went home 'cause it was gettin' late.


Thistlesprings: If she wants to come over, she can come over. If you ever wanna hang. Hey, let me tell ya' somethin', I know you're a teenager, you ever wanna have a drink, you ever wanna do a smoke, you ever wanna kiss somebody, I rather you do it here, under the tree where we know you're safe, all right bud? Where we know you're safe. Okay?


Gorgug: Okay, all right.


Thistlesprings: Well golly, so happy. Where'd ya, how far, what base?


Gorgug: We just talked.


Thistlesprings: What's that? You docked?


Gorgug: We talked.


Gorgug: We talked.


Digby: Talked, oh that's lovely.


Gorgug: Wait, what is docking?


Digby: Lovely.


Gorgug: What's dock?


Digby: What's that?


Gorgug: Docking mean?


Digby: Well, Wilma you wanna handle--


Wilma: Sure, Digby, I'll handle it. Docking is when two uncircumcised men put the tips of their penises, erect penises against one another, and they sort of fold the foreskin back, sort of on top of each other,


Gorgug: Hmm.


Wilma: It's almost like a docking, sort of an insertion and they're kind of linked together by that foreskin there.


Gorgug: Huh. We didn't do that.


Thistlesprings: Well, I would hope not, I would hope not. That's a little bit much for a first date.


Gorgug: Right. We shared some ice cream.


Thistlesprings: That's, great too. Whatever you wanna do as long as everyone involved is havin' a good time and you're talkin', yeah? You know you’re talking, you should check in because here's the thing, you're a big fella, and one of the important things you gotta know is that you gotta be checkin' with each other's feelings. Make sure that everyone's having a good time. Make sure everyone likes what's happening and there's, hey, don't buy into the hype, there is nothing sexier than being clear about what you like and what feels good.

Gorgug: Okay, uh, I'm gonna go to bed I guess.

Digby: You know what the number one erogenous zone is bud? Bing, bing, bing. It's the brain, okay. And everybody bein' on the same page.


Zac: I'm like half way up the steps.

Thistlesprings: All right. And you know about, you know about birth control, right? You know about, you know about condoms.


Gorgug: Huh?


Thistlesprings: 'Cause that's your job.


Gorgug: Yeah.


Thistlesprings: It's not just the lady's job.


Gorgug: Okay, okay, yeah, I hear you.


Thistlesprings: All right. Wrap it up every time, okay?


Gorgug: K, good night.


Thistlesprings: Keep checking in. That's two rules for you bud. Check in and wrap it up.


Gorgug: Okay.


Thistlesprings: Night, kiddo.


Gorgug: G’night.


Brennan: You see, you hear them outside, sayin',


Wilma: Okay, we better, let's go put some music on.


Digby: Why?


Wilma: We know he's gonna be in there, he's gonna— He's gonna be— You know what he's gonna be doin' in there. Let's just give him a little privacy, huh. It's a small tree, c'mon.

Zac: Polishing my ax.

Ally: Google confirming docking.


Brennan: They play some music. We'll cut over to Strongtower Luxury Apartments with the other four members of the party.


Adaine: This is the best.


Emily: Is Gilear there?


Brennan: You see that you guys open up, Gilear is in there, you see that he is washing a bunch of what looks like some kind of steak sauce out of the little wisp of hair.


Riz: Gilear, you had steak.


Adaine: I cast Mend on his hair.


Riz: That's good.


Gilear: Yes, one of the more unruly children at the school today, saw fit to take the Salisbury steak and to dump a plate of it on my head.


Fig: Who?


Gilear: What's that?


Fig: Who? I'll fuck 'em up.


Gilear: I believe it was Ragh Barkrock.


Kristen: I'll fuck him up too.


Riz: Oh, he is—


Adaine: That kid.


Fig: Ragh is so fucked.


Adaine: Mumple-bound moron.


Fig: He's goin' to Mumple, you got a—


Kristen: He’s a piece of shit.


Fig: You got a Ragh-size Mumple?


Kristen: You guys wanna know a secret?


Fig and Adaine: Yeah.


Kristen: I think I like girls.

Fig: You definitely do.


Riz: We know.


Kristen: You guys wanna know a bigger secret? I haven't told anyone that.


Fig: Yeah, I think—


Riz: They probably figured it out.


Kristen: Don't tell anyone.


Adaine: I mean I think everybody knows.


Fig: You know, I think you should tell everyone. I think you should tell Thrasher.


Kristen: What? Who's that? Oh, Tracker?


Fig: Tracker. Sorry, I just give her a slightly cooler name.


Kristen: You hook me up with a Thrasher… maybe.


Fig: Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.


Ally: I fall asleep.


Ally: On the ground.


Brennan: Kristen is totally asleep. Gilear looks at you and says,


Gilear: Uh, Adaine, you've come to spend the night here at Strongtower Luxury Apartments.


Adaine: It's very luxurious.


Gilear: Has a room opened up in your home?


Adaine: Why don't you try and ask my parents that. Actually I'm not even gonna put you through that. No.


Gilear: Oh.


Adaine: I'm staying here for the night.


Fig: Gilear, this is the place to be. She's comin' here because her house sucks compared to—


Adaine: It does.


Fig: —what we've built together.


Gilear: Oh, that's true. This is the place to be.

Adaine: Gilear can I ask you a question? Do you know about the Harpy?


Gilear: What's that?


Adaine: The Harpy. A boat, a ship.


Gilear: It is a partially nude bird woman.


Adaine: You don't know about the ship, the Harpy?


Fig: The ship.


Adaine: Oh, do you know anything about the oracle's ship that sank last year?


Gilear: Terrible accident. Although it's sort of like… you’re an oracle.


Adaine: That's what I said.


Gilear: How do you not,


Adaine: You should know that.


Gilear: If I'm an oracle and I'm walking towards the ship, and I'm, bing, bing, all right, wait a minute, I'll catch the next one.


Adaine: Take another ship. Yeah.


Gilear: I'm gonna go get a hotel room for a night and we’ll sail tomorrow.


Fig: You know they did all lose their lives. Perhaps we could be a bit gentle.


Adaine: All right, all right.


Gilear: Fig, why don't you pack it in, all right.


Lou: Ho, ho, ho, ho!

Fig: Gilear, I took you back! I took you back as my dad—


Ally: I'm somehow having dreams about the Harpy, the nude bird-woman.

Murph: I'm gonna turn her on her side.


Ally: I have a big smile.


Brennan: You see, you do the responsible thing of turning Kristen on her side so she doesn't throw up in her mouth.


Fig: Wait, Gilear, where is Gorthalax? When's the last time you talked to him?


Gilear: I talked to him earlier today. He went to go have a talk with your mother for the first time.


Fig: Oooohh… Oh, dear. Okay, cool.


Gilear: They're probably, I don't know, boning down on each other right now.


Riz: Speaking of boning down, have you seen my mother lately?


Gilear: What the fuck?

Riz: Oh, I figured you guys were, I don't know.


Gilear: Me and your mother.


Riz: Yeah, kind of in the—


Gilear: I'll be very honest, Riz.


Riz: I'm in the market for another dad.


Gilear: Brutal. I'll be honest, Riz. Your mother is too much woman for me to handle.


Fig: Gilear!


Gilear: Kiddo, I'm standing here with steak sauce in my hair.


Riz: He's not wrong.


Gilear: I have a, what I'm going to offer you for dinner tonight, is an order of garlic knots that mistakenly came with a pizza I... found.


Riz: How do you know it was a mistake Gilear?


Gilear: I checked the receipt on the outside of the box. Things aren't going great for ol’ Gilear.


Fig: Gilear, we need to do—


Zac: I think they're going pretty good.


Fig: Gilear, come to the mirror with me. We need to do some affirmations, okay.


Gilear: All right.


Fig: This is too sad. Look yourself in the mirror and say, I am strong.


Gilear: I am strong.


Fig: I am powerful.


Gilear: I am powerful.


Fig: I believe in me. Gilear?


Gilear: Does it have to be true when you say it?


Fig: The idea is that it becomes true if you keep saying it.


Gilear: I believe in me. 

Fig: Okay.


Riz: Go get it Gilear.


Fig: That's enough affirmations for tonight. I’m proud of you, Gilear.


Gilear: All right. I'm going to go jiggle the vending machine to see if anything falls out. If anyone wants any of that. All right.


Brennan: And you see he walks down the hallway.


Fig: He's in a rut.


Riz: All right. Should we go talk to my mother?


Adaine: Is your mother there?


Murph: Do I know if my mom gets off soon?


Brennan: Um, she gets off in a little while. But—


Fig: Why don't you just go to sleep?


Brennan: I think these three head to sleep and Riz, you head home.


Murph: Cool, I'd like to set up like a chair in the middle of the room and a lamp next to me. And I'd like to pour myself a little drink. Sitting in the middle of the room.


Fig: I'm gonna kind of platonically snuggle with Kristin Applebees.

Siobhan: So confusing.


Ally: I'm chirping.


Brennan: Here's what you guys see. At this place, your mom's full case box is on the kitchen table.


Emily: Am I there? Or, no—


Brennan: No, you guys are asleep. It's just Riz.


Ally: Chirp, chirp.

Murph: Well, my mom told me to go home. She left it out, I open it up.


Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Investigate check. And you roll with advantage 'cause the whole fucking case is here.


Murph: Okay. Oh, pretty good. 24.


Brennan: Your mom's case is being shut down at the end of the week. It's moving federal. They have not been able to work on the extradition from Highcourt. There's a lot of dead ends they're hitting trying to get the palimpsests back from Highcourt. It seems there’s like, a lot of wrong information for some reason. It's unclear to you what the fuck is going on. But, it's like there's a bunch of weird dead ends in their attempts to get those palimpsests back. It covers taking down the Harvestmen and how they got all the Harvestmen arrested in town. The chief feels that's the accomplishment so the chief is pressuring your mom, because they've got Daybreak, they’ve got the Harvestmen and this is a win for the department. Let's move on and not keep it as an open case. So they're handing it off to the feds to handle the palimpsest stuff. You see, you look at something, and that little scratching clue in the back of your head triggers. You're looking at when Biz Glitterdew went to the hospital from his attack months ago.

Murph: Mm-hmm.


Brennan: And Zayn Darkshadow's time of death. You see that they have attributed both of these attacks to Coach Daybreak. Because of the scarecrow mask, the sweatpants, the sweatshirt, all this stuff. You realize that's impossible. Because, the time of death on Zayn Darkshadow is incorrect. Because time of death is measured from body temperature.

Murph: Mm. So, he was taking them cold pills, right?


Brennan: Taking them cold pills. So, you realize that his time of death would not have been way sooner as they say it is. Or sorry, way earlier. 'Cause they're like, oh he died a long time ago for his body to get that cold.

Murph: But he was like fresh dead.


Brennan: Fresh dead. It's just that now his body was already that cold.


Murph: Got it.


Brennan: Uh, so you see that their time of death is wrong and that the time of death for Zayn Darkshadow would have been the exact same time that Biz was attacked in his home. Meaning that two different people had to have done this. Coach Daybreak could only have done one of them.


Murph: Hmph.


Brennan: You also see that an amount here was paid back from KVX Bank to William Seacaster and that there is a, amount of money being paid from KVX to William Seacaster in this portfolio.


Murph: And that's part of the evidence?


Brennan: Part of the evidence in this case. Doesn't seem to be that they're going after Seacaster but it's part of the trust's information that they were able to obtain from KVX.


Murph: Does it seem like Seacaster is the one that's stopping the Highcourt?


Brennan: Doesn't look like it. There's Coach's handwriting to a contact in Highcourt about the Palimpsests, which seems to be the main thing they're going off of. It's a handwritten letter from the coach talking about picking up the next Palimpsest.


Murph: Okay. The coach wants the palimpsests or Highcourt wants the palimpsests?


Brennan: He's talking to, it's the coach's handwriting, to a contact in Highcourt that they haven't been able to locate that is about getting them another palimpsest with another soul trapped inside.


Murph: Got it. Okay. So he's a supplier.


Brennan: You see that Edgar, the rat, sort of jumps out of your bag, your little briefcase, and goes over to a little area behind your mom's desk and starts pawing at the wall.


Riz: What the fuck, Edgar.


Murph: I go over and I check it out. I investigate it.


Brennan: Yeah, give me an Investigate.


Murph: 24.


Brennan: You move your mom's desk, you feel a little bit of air coming out of the wall. You push and the wall of the apartment opens up.


Murph: We are not gonna get our security deposit back.


Brennan: You walk inside and you see there is a little desk in here. It's a dark corner of the room, there's like a hanging lamp, it all looks like super collected dust. You see that there is a little chair here with a picture lying down of your dad as though someone comes in here to look at it and have a drink. There is another desk up against a wall that has a little picture of you as a baby and your mom on it. So, someone had a picture of you and your mom on their desk. Looking around you see the desk is clearly your dad's.


Murph: Okay. Can I investigate his desk?


Brennan: For sure, go for it. And it's all his shit so just give me roll with advantage.


Murph: Oh my God.


Ally: Yeah.


Murph: Nat 20.


Emily: Oh, oh!

Brennan: Your dad, you see that there's a photograph of him in here with your mom. Your mom is dressed in a sleek black gown and she's holding him. Your dad is looking like you never saw pictures of him. He was always like a clerk, kind of middle management guy. You see that he's in a black tux, he has a little pencil mustache, sleek hair combed down, one of these big long goblet things, and you see that he has a gun, a thing of a holster under his tux with a little arquebus with a silencer on it.


Murph: So dope.


Brennan: You see that in all of the stuff on his desk there is an investigation he was going into. Your dad was a foreign agent, he went into other countries as a goblin, perfectly able to join up with evil armies, to become just another minion, he would infiltrate places for the Solesian government and spy on them from the inside. There is evidence here that he has collected, talking about a ship called the Harpy and going into a whole detail of how the wealth of Kalvaxus had to be destroyed at the foundation of Solace. You see that there is a note in his handwriting, circled around and around, about a dock certificate where the Harpy was supposed to be destroyed and he says “wrong ship, dud, never destroyed”. On another thing, he goes, there's a side-by-side picture of the Harpy and a ship called the Cerulean, underneath it he says, “illusory capability... same ship”, underlined. You see that there is also a crystal here. There's a ton of banking information, wealth, following money trails, and you see there's a tiny little crystal, you also see, you sort of lost track of it a long time ago, but you see in here that it sort of like fell and rolled away. You see that Edgar is looking for something. There's a little crystal on your dad's desk and then Edgar is sort of scrounging around for something as well.


Murph: Cool, I'll leave the crystal for now. Let's see what Edgar is looking at.


Brennan: Edgar finds a little Necromancer's pearl that is gray. And you realize that you haven't kept track of your pearl. Your mom must have grabbed it for evidence a long time ago. This is Zayn Darkshadow's Necromancer's pearl and it is gray right now.


Murph: So, that means he's not dead. Or… Black is dead?


Brennan: I believe black is dead and white is alive.


Murph: Oh, so he's like maybe lost somewhere. Interesting. Okay.


Riz: Edgar, is this your dad? Is he-- You think he might be alive? Maybe?


Murph: All right. I'll check out this crystal.


Brennan: You see your dad, a little image of your dad appears setting up a crystal. You see that a little version of you in the background of the apartment climbs up on a sofa with a little magnifying glass. Your mom comes in and says,


Sklonda: Riz, get off the couch you’re gonna, there's nothing back there. ...Oh, there is something back there. One of your blocks went back there, how did you find that?


Brennan: She takes you up into your room. Your dad looks over and says,


Pok: Okay, this is Pok Gukgak recording. It is August 31st, 'bout to head out on a dangerous mission. Bud—


Brennan: You see a little nine-year-old you in the back running around.


Pok: Bud, you're nine years old right now, I've already said goodbye to you, but, I don't think you really know how dangerous this is and I don't really wanna tell you. God, I had a whole thing prepared and now it feels kinda stupid. Kiddo, there's a lot that I wanna be around to be able to tell you. The world's a hard place for goblins. We're small, people look at us and see an image of a certain kind of creature, something that is wicked and disposable, threatening but also kind of a joke. It's the worst of all worlds. It's not really fair, but, you have a ton of work ahead of you that in a more just world you wouldn't have to do. Knowing how hard a road you have ahead of you, I wanna say this: I'm not worried about you at all. I got nothing but hopes for you, kid, and hopefully you'll never have to see this. Clues are always out there and the one thing nobody's counting on, is that you'll never give up. When you're smaller than everything else in the world, the one thing that you can have bigger than everybody is will and grit. And that's you, kiddo, love ya pal.


Brennan: Click.


Riz: Love you, dad.


Murph: I'd like to find his gun. 'Cause I wanna kill whoever did this with his gun.


Brennan: You find an incredible midnight black arquebus with a silencer on it and a bandolier of 20 magical bullets on the side of it.


Murph: Dope.

Zac: Nice.


Brennan: You hear the key in the front door of your apartment.


Murph: Um, I'm just gonna let my mom find me like this.


Brennan: Your mom walks in, you hear her bag drop, the front door doesn't even close. She just walks into this secret room.


Riz: Hey, Mom. I know about dad.


Sklonda: Hey, kiddo. I thought there was a world where you wouldn't walk down the same road.


Riz: But Mom, we're all super badass, the whole family is super badass. At first I thought it was just me and you were badass, but Dad's a badass too. We're just like this trio of frickin' goblin badasses, Mom. Do you see, this is so—


Ally: This is so teen.


Sklonda: Honey, your dad was the most badass man I ever knew.


Riz: This is so fuckin' cool, Mom, why didn't you tell me? I know you thought it would make me sad, but it just makes me happy.


Brennan: You see she says,


Sklonda: This is my greatest fear come to life. The reaction you're having, even more than you being angry at me, this was what I was trying to avoid. Because the world will knock you on your ass kid. Are you ready for that?


Riz: I've got, uh, Nimble Escape, so—

Brennan: Your mom kisses you on the head and says,


Sklonda: Fuck it, no fighting destiny I guess. Do I smell alcohol on you?


Riz: I had a little bit of alcohol after, after, first of all, all my friends were drinking, I only had a little alcohol after I found out about dad. So, sue me.


Sklonda: All right. Let's go visit dad sometime and I'll tell you all about him, okay?


Riz: I would really like that, Mom. And I'm sorry that I went through your stuff.


Sklonda: It's fine. Honestly I think your dad would have approved of you finding out this way more than any other.


Riz: Oh, that's really badass.


Brennan: She kisses you on the head, goes off to bed. And you sleep that night as well. The next morning you guys meet up at school. What do you guys do?


Fabian: Guys, I broke the case all right. My father told me about the Harpy, alright, and the Harpy is, there's runes on the ship--


Fig: Shh.


Fabian: Fine. There's runes on the ship all right, and that means that the ship can't be seen by divination. So, that's how it snuck by the oracle.


Fig: Have we thought of if the ship's wealth is being laundered through the bank?


Riz: Guys, I also found out some stuff. Turns out my dad was a super badass.


Fabian: Okay, all right.


Riz: He was kind of like a special agent type guy. He was going in real deep. I found, his gun's really cool.


Murph: I show them my magic gun.


All: Whoa!


Riz: It's even more magic than my gun. Anyway, apparently, I found some evidence. There was a false wall in my apartment, I guess we have a two bedroom.


Adaine: So cool.


Fig: I hope Gilear has one of these.


Gorgug: Oh!


Riz: So, I went in there and I found my dad's desk and it turns out that the Harpy didn't really sink.


Fabian: That's what I said. I said the exact same thing and nobody cared.


Riz: Right, but it's the Cerulean.


Adaine: The Cerulean was the ship that had the oracle in it.


Fig: Yeah. The Cerulean did sink.


Riz: The Cerulean—


Adaine: Unless, it didn't sink and it had these runes on it of illusion. And it just was an illusion that it sank and actually it's just sailing around. Why would they want—


Fig: That makes sense. Because everyone's been saying why would oracles get onto a ship that was going to sink.


Adaine: Right. But why did they need an oracle? Except that—


Kristen: You guys.


Adaine: Maybe they need the oracle to stop the—


Kristen: I found out something too.


Adaine: Is it that you're gay?


Kristen: I think I might be gay. I just wanna say--


Adaine: You told us when you were drunk.


Kristen: something really quick. I'm a little hungover and maybe this will take 10 minutes to say. I hope it doesn't take that long but—


Fig: Ha, ha, ha.


Kristen: I just wanna say, we are friends and, for a while, you know what, the Corn God was my religion, but now, seeing you guys is my friends that's what I believe in. And you guys were there with me through—


Gorgug: It's actually inspiring.


Kristen: From kisses to kiss. So many kisses. I can't sleep sometimes I'm thinkin' about all the kisses. Kisses to come!


Fig: I know how that feels.


Kristen: Kisses that passed.


Adaine: I'm just quietly thinking about realizing I've never kissed anybody.


Kristen: Just so many kisses, drownin' in kisses at this point. Older people kisses, young people kisses. Kisses for all of you!


Ally: I kiss everyone.


Fig: Oh, yeah. That's my ticket.


Fabian: Ooh, God, no, please.


Kristen: You loved it!


Riz: That was my first kiss.


Kristen: Well, I'm gay, so you're gonna have to talk about this in therapy later. Set you up for failure.


Gorgug: I had a—


Riz: Did we deduce that the Cerulean is the Harpy?


Brennan: You guys have deduced that the Cerulean is the Harpy.


Emily: And we believe it to be missing.


Brennan: You believe it to be missing or that its illusory capability was what allowed—


Ally: To show that it was sinking?


Brennan: Was what allowed the Harpy to become the Cerulean without anybody noticing it was missing.


Emily: Can we assume that you've filled us in on everything, right?


Murph: Yeah. I told you everything.


Emily: So, perhaps, did you tell us everything about Seacaster?


Murph: Yeah.


Ally: Oh, okay.


Fig: So, perhaps the bank is bribing your dad, because he knows it's still out there.


Kristen: I didn't want to say this, but it took another strong man beating the shit out of someone. Do you think they convinced your dad to commit the other, like rough up?


Fabian: My father couldn't be beaten into anything.


Gorgug: Oh, I have something. Two things. I learned about, first this thing called docking, it's just very interesting. But, second, the more important thing. My parents are working on this big power source. Are we still looking for a power source or anything?


Adaine: Oh, for the palimpsests.


Riz: I think we have—


Fabian: I think, well Biz says he couldn't.


Kristen: Wait, are they making it for the bank?


Gorgug: She said the arcade. But, maybe the bank—


Fig: Or maybe they're making it for the bank.


Brennan: You guys hear The Hangman say,

The Hangman: Master, trouble at the girl’s house.


Kristen: Fuck!


Fig: What?


Fabian: There's trouble at the girl's house.


Adaine: Oh, how do we get there? Go on a bus?


Riz: Go in a car? Gilear!


Kristen: Let's get Gilear to drive us.


Adaine: Gilear! We need to borrow your car.


Brennan: You guys are at school right now.


Emily and Zac: We're going to the Lunch Lad.


Brennan: Oh,


Fig: Sorry, sorry, Lunch Lad.


Gilear: What, no, I have to—


Murph: I’m gonna try to pick his pockets for his keys.


Gilear: I have to warm the—


Ally: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah!


Murph: I got a 23. Sleight of Hand.


Brennan: He says,


Gilear: I can't go right now, I have to warm up the Hot Pockets.


Kristen: Oh, okay, well then, you keep doing your job and thank you for everything you've done.


Adaine: Thank you so much.


Gilear: Very well.


Fig: Gilear, sometimes I prefer you to Gorthalax.


Ally: We run.


Gorgug: Gilear, you have an open Hot Pocket on your head.


Gilear: How the fuck?


Riz: Gilear, I actually don't want you to be my dad anymore.


Gilear: What?


Riz: I don't want you to be my dad anymore.


Gilear: Hurtful.


Murph: Ha, ha, ha.


Siobhan: Here's some Elven waybread that I just pulled out of my jacket—


Gilear: Everyone's introducing a different topic to me right now.


Kristen: I might be gay.


Gilear: Oh my God.


Riz: You said you were for sure.


Kristen: I mean, I'm leaving my options open.


Riz: Okay, bye bye Gilear.


Gilear: You still drunk from last night?


Kristen: No, I'm fine, I got some coffee, it was Irish. I'm not Irish. I thought it was funny.


Brennan: You guys jump in Gilear's car--


Emily: Wait, on the way out, do I see Ragh at all?


Brennan: Let me roll. You do not see Ragh on the way out.


Fig: Ah, I just wanted to blast him real quick.


Brennan: You guys dip out of there. You grab Gilear's car, you head over to where The Hangman is. The Hangman is in the front yard covered in blood, surrounded by a whole bunch of shirtless satyrs, that have like tattoos and look insane and there's a bunch of just like, dead, what look like weird elemental creatures, summoned fiends and stuff like that. Just happened in the suburban, this is like a scene of slaughter.


Ally: Fuck.


Fabian: What—


Gorgug: So, this is it.


Fabian: Hangman,


Fig: What happened?


Fabian: What happened?

The Hangman: Master, these rad satyrs flipped out and killed all of these summoned beings here.


Brennan: You see that the lead satyr comes over and says,


Satyr: Hey, which one of you, which one of you is, you are the boyfriend.


Gorgug: I don't know if I'm the boyfriend.


Fabian: Yes, that's the one.


Brennan: He grabs you and kisses you firmly on the mouth and says,


Satyr: I am the father of your woman.


Gorgug: Okay.


Fig: Was that your second kiss?


Gorgug: Yeah.

Murph: Baffling.


Zelda’s Dad: Someone put my girl in this ball. 

Kristen: Oh, fuck!


Gorgug: In a ball?


Fig: Of course.


Gorgug: Is it a crystal?


Brennan: You see that there's a palimpsest.


Kristen: We've lost every other palimpsest. We have to get her out—


Riz: We can get her out of there.


Brennan: You guys—


Adaine: Yeah, I think we can get her out.


Brennan: He says,


Zelda’s Dad: You can get her out? I trust you. When you get her out, you know what you must do.


Gorgug: I, will give, yes, I do, I will.


Fig: I think he means the honorable thing is to marry her.


Gorgug: Oh! I won't.


Zelda’s Dad: What?


Fig: Oh, okay.


Zelda’s Dad: No, we worship the God of wine and ecstasy.


Adaine: We have wine.


Fig: Yeah, I have a bunch of fine Elven wine.


Zelda’s Dad: Then you know what you must do.


Gorgug: I have to get drunk with her?


Zelda’s Dad: That's a start, my man.


Gorgug: Oh, okay, all right.


Fig: Oh my God.


Zelda’s Dad: Very well. We will return to our home and continue to watch daytime television.


Kristen: Is it cool if I have some of this punch?


Zelda’s Dad: Oh, that is a religious hallucinogenic.


Kristen: Oh! It tastes good. There's some melon in it, I didn't expect that.

Brennan: You guys dip out. And you have this palimpsest, that apparently Zelda has been sealed inside.


Adaine: Can I Detect Magic on the things that got conjured?


Brennan: Yes, you can. Go ahead and give me an Arcana Check.


Siobhan: Okay.


Ally: I can do the some thing.


Siobhan: 21.


Brennan: 21. These were conjured by your sister’s magic.


Adaine: How the hell? This is Aelwyn.


Gorgug: Did she make a bargain to get out of jail?


Riz: Did she, maybe Penelope is—


Fig: She had a palimpsest?


Riz: —the one that's—


Fig: Wait! I bet Penelope is your sister. I bet your sister's in disguise as Penelope, maybe.


Adaine: But, she's in jail.


Fig: Yeah, so I'm saying--


Gorgug: But she got out.


Adaine: I hate her so much.


Riz: I also didn't tell you guys that Zayn and Biz were attacked at the exact same time.


Kristen: Oh yeah. That's what I was saying. Do you think maybe Bill Seacaster was that second attacker?


Adaine: I don't think so, I think it was another—


Kristen: Someone strong enough.


Gorgug: I think he's just muscle for something.


Adaine: I don't think Seacaster would beat up a child. I don't think he would see it as an honorable fight.


Fabian: We have to find Penelope.


Adaine: We have to.


Brennan: You get a little bing on your crystal. It's an article from your mother being sent to you. A little news article.


Adaine: I hate it when she sends me articles.


Kristen: It's probably about marriage.


Riz: What’s it say?


Fig: Yeah, it's probably, just close it.


Brennan: War declared between Fallinel and Solace. The government has discovered that an Elven strike team liberated a diplomatic family member from custody. And Solace has declared war.


Adaine: Uh oh.


Kristen: That would be your sister.


Adaine: So, I think I maybe accidentally started a war.


Gorgug: That happened fast.


Riz: They broke her out.


Fig: Well they want a war.


Riz: They broke her out, that's what started the war.


Gorgug: Let's just text Biz and see what he says we should do with the crystal.


Riz: There's a war, should I—


Kristen: Should we pick a headquarters so we don't have to go to school, right?


Riz: Yeah.


Adaine: Yeah, let's, we—


Riz: Yeah, there's a war, fuck school. Should we call, should we find out, 'cause Aelwyn must have got out of jail. That's what it said, right?


Fig: So, Aelwyn got out of jail.


Riz: She broke free?


Kristen: I know this is crazy, but I think Strongtower Luxury Apartments should be our main headquarters.


Adaine: Great. Can we, can we, let's go.


Brennan: You've stolen Gilear's car so you're good to go.


Gorgug: I think we needed, earlier, and we can ask Biz to see if this makes any sense, and also I'm so stupid, so I don't even know what I'm talking about. But we needed—


Kristen: We have the power source from your parents


Gorgug: —a power source.


Adaine: Yeah, bring Biz to your parent's house and we can—


Gorgug: Okay, yeah, let's go to my parent's house with Biz.


Brennan: Okay. You go to your parent's house and do you guys text Biz too?


Murph: Yeah, we text Biz to meet us.


Brennan: Biz shows up there.


Emily: Uh, maybe we shouldn't text him, maybe we should show up to his house and make sure it's not intercepted.


Murph: Alright, we’re gonna go pick up Biz.


Brennan: Cool, you pick up Biz and he goes,


Biz: Hey gang, what's going on?


Riz: Get in the car, Biz.


Adaine: Don't sit next to me.


Emily: Can I do a check to see if it's really him?


Brennan: Sure.


Siobhan: Oh yeah, I would like to do that too.


Emily: I have a 6.


Siobhan: Oh, I didn't do my rolls for the day.


Brennan: You see that, yeah it seems like it's Biz to you guys.


Murph: I got a 26 Insight.


Brennan: Yeah, seems like it’s Biz.


Riz: Biz, you check out.


Brennan: You see that, you guys are driving, you're looking on your phone, it's like a weird, scary day. You see like this fuckin' sudden declaration of war because an Elven military unit performed an operation on Solesian soil. Is like an immediate, you know, that's an act of war.


Emily: I'm driving right?


Adaine: I mean it's insane that my parents would just text me an article to tell me this and not be like, “you should come home.”


Murph: Can we look more information, like what preceded this happening? We see that she broke out of the jail cell?


Emily: She was broken out by an Elven strike team.


Lou: Yes.


Emily: That means that Fallinel sent a crew.


Brennan: Deeper in the article, it says that your sister has been remanded to Elven custody. Which is interesting.


Adaine: She's remanded to Elven custody?


Brennan: Meaning that they also are like—


Adaine: So she's just at home.


Riz: Should we go to your house?


Gorgug: I don't think with should go there.


Adaine: No, let's break out this pal-- Let's see if we can get this palimpsest open.


Brennan: You guys arrive at the Thistlespring tree, big old fuckin' power source. You see that Biz is there goes,


Biz: Oh, baby, okay, daddy like.


Siobhan: I throw up a little bit in my mouth.


Kristen: Should one of us be spying on your house?


Emily: I think I'm gonna be the muscle. I'm gonna go into bouncer mode and just kinda strut around in my German Shepherd mode.


Brennan: You see the Thistlesprings are there, your parents come out and say,


Thistlesprings: Hey bud, how's it goin'?


Gorgug: Kinda bad. You remember that girl I told you about?


Thistlesprings: Yeah.


Gorgug: She's in here.


Thistlesprings: Wha--!


Gorgug: She got stuck, some magic put her in here. But I think if we use the power source that you have here, we could maybe start to get her out.


Brennan: Biz looks at it and goes,


Biz: I've got an idea, check it out. We can't move this thing in a car, or I don't know if we can, but can you guys meet me tonight at the Elm Valley Mall? Because we could hook this bad boy up to the new arcade they're building there. And that's gonna power this bad boy. We could get this fuckin' palimpsest cracked in no time with the amount of juice running through that place.


Kristen: Well this was already going to the arcade, right.


Adaine: Yeah.


Brennan: You see the Thistlesprings nod their head. Says,


Biz: Bingo fuckin' bango, guys.


Kristen: Wait, that's weird.


Biz: Hacker, back at it again, wild.


Riz: That's wild, Biz.


Fig: Yeah, Biz.


Riz: Okay.


Kristen: That's kinda weird though. Why was it already going to the arcade? Is someone else trying to do something with these palimpsests?


Gorgug: We just gotta get her out I think.


Adaine: Yeah.


Gorgug: So, let's just go.


Fig: We have to protect the palimpsest before—


Kristen: Yeah definitely.


Brennan: How are you guys going to, oh, actually you see that the Thistlesprings say,


Thistlesprings: We already have a van to move it if you guys—


Riz: Yeah.


Adaine: Yeah, we'll load in.


Riz: We'll accompany you to the old mall.


Fig: I'm gonna text Gilear and tell him I'm still borrowin' his car.


Brennan: He texts you back and says,


Gilear: I have made several reports to the police today, you need to tell me these things in advance.


Fig: Call the pigs off, Gilear.


Brennan: You guys roll over to the mall. It's after hours, you see the Thistlesprings go in, there's this giant arcade, Skee-Ball, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, all these fuckin' wild machines everywhere.


Gorgug: Hey, Mom and Dad, I think--


Thistlesprings: Yeah?


Gorgug: I'd like if you guys got outta here, we can handle it from here I think.


Thistlesprings: Okay, if you think that's wise, sure.


Gorgug: Biz, you got it, right?


Brennan: You see Biz says,


Biz: Do I got it?


Gorgug: You got it, right?

Biz: Oh yes, I got it. Yeah, for sure.


Siobhan: I text my mom, k. It's several hours later. I just text her k.


Kristen: Guys, I got a slushy. If anyone wants some, it's in like one of those long yard things.


Riz: That's a margarita. Who gave you a margarita?


Kristen: What?


Fabian: It's wartime, so I'm sure everything's looser now.


Brennan: You guys are walkin' in here. There's this giant glass case of all the rewards and shit that people have here. Huge reward casing that's super rad. Different prizes and shit in there.


Fig: Hey Biz.


Biz: Yeah.


Fig: You got Darkvision?


Biz: Yeah, I do.


 Gorgug: I do too.


Fig: Me too.


Ally: Can I cast Detect Good and Evil on this arcade?


Brennan: Sure, yeah, absolutely.


Ally: I cast it.

Brennan: You Detect Good and Evil. There's a faint malevolent presence.


Emily: Mm.


Brennan: In some of the games. One or two of the games has like a sort of faint malevolent presence in it.


Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check?


Brennan: Sure.


Emily: I'd like to German Shepherd case it.


Brennan: Cool.


Siobhan: Ah, 22.


Brennan: You start looking around at the arcade stuff. You see that Biz quickly wheels the thing into the back and says,


Biz: Riz, you wanna give me a hand, dude?


Riz: Yep.


Brennan: Sort of wheels it back. Starts setting it up in this back room with a bunch of machines around there. Make a Perception Check.


Murph: Sure.


Ally: I have a crazy idea.


Murph: 17.


Brennan: As he's setting up he goes,


Biz: All right, well we got this puppy pretty, I'll be able to crack this palimpsest in no time.


Brennan: You see that there is a little video game console and you see that it's called Lucky Stones on it.


Riz is startled and stares, alarmed.


Brennan: And you see that a little halfling girl appears on the screen and goes,


Video Game Girl: Hi, I'm Penny, wanna play?


Riz: What the fuck?


Brennan: You start to examine one of the games. You see a powerful conjuration on it. You detect a sort of malevolent presence from the game that Adaine is looking at.


Kristen: There's, what are you seeing?


Adaine: It's some kind of powerful magic on it.


Brennan: And you guys are in the front room kind of area here.


Siobhan: Can I, can I press the buttons? See what's going on with this?


Brennan: Yeah, you look at it--


Siobhan: Put a little silver in there.


Brennan: You start to put the game in there. You see that suddenly,


Video Game Girl: Hi, I'm Katja, I'm here to chop, ah!


Brennan: Fighting game, chop, ah, hah. 

Ally: If I cast Guardian of Faith at a point in this arcade, it lasts for eight hours. Can I cast that like—


Brennan: Yes!


Ally: Ahead of time? 'Cause it feels crazy and I want something on our side.


Brennan: You cast Guardian of Faith. You see that Biz looks over at you, and says,


Biz: Riz, what's goin' on, my man?


Riz: That is one of the missing girls. She used to be my babysitter. And she's in that game.


Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,


Biz: Hey, can I be super honest with you for a sec? Guys like us don't really get a chance to be cool, you know what I mean?


Riz: Sure.


Biz: And, um, it's not like, fair. Like hot guys always get like all the attention.


Emily: Oh my God.


Riz: Are you giving me a nice guy speech right now?


Brennan: He says,


Biz: But here's the thing dude, here, with these— 


Brennan: You see that he takes a blank palimpsest out of his pocket. He says,


Biz: We get to call the shots when they're in here.


Riz: Oh, so we make the games. Got it. Dude are you the one that's hookin' all these up?


Biz: Uh, what can I say dude, I'm good at what I do.


Brennan: You see he says,


Siobhan: You son of a bitch.


Biz: Now, I got one extra one from our new supplier, and I've had my sights on Ms. Abernant for some time.

Riz: Can I see it?


Biz: Are you into that, 'cause you feel like a cool guy?


Riz: Hey dude, I am in.


Brennan: You see he says,


Biz: Take a look, go for it, what do you think.


Riz: Very good. I pull my gun out on him. 

Brennan: I want everybody here to roll initiative.


All: Ah!


Siobhan: That little creep!


Brennan: That's it for this week on Fantasy High.


Ally: Jeez.


Brennan: See you next week to see exactly how the game gets played.


Siobhan: Oh, I'm gonna wring his little shitty neck.

[EPISODE14]

Brennan: Welcome back to Fantasy High! My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. These are our intrepid heroes, say hi intrepid heroes.


Cast: Hi, intrepid heroes.


Brennan: For now.

Zac: We might not be intrepid after this?


Brennan: We find ourselves at the arcade at the Elm Valley Mall. In the back room around this giant power structure, filled with glowing crystals, Biz Glitterdew and Riz Gukgak face off. Last session, Riz pulled a gun. We are going to begin with a box of doom roll!


Murph: What!


Siobhan: Already?


Brennan: This is mostly in your guys’ favor. It is going to determine whether or not Riz gets a surprise round.


Murph: Oh, dope.


Brennan: On Biz, what's going to happen is this. Riz, you're going to roll Deception. Biz is going to roll Insight, which is Wisdom. Biz gets a minus 1 to this roll.


Murph: Okay, makes sense. He’s not good at picking up on cues.


Ally: And your Deception is plus 1.


Murph: My Deception is- oh it's Deception, okay, my Deception’s not great but-


Brennan: Plus 1, you need to get more than less than 2 than him.


Murph: Okay.


Lou: What?


Brennan and Murph roll inside the Box of Doom. Brennan gets a 7.


Murph: 14, yes!


Brennan: Our old clueless friend Biz, who thought he had a true friend in Riz Gukgak, is about to get shot.



Emily: I feel so bad for him.


Siobhan: Don’t.


Zac: Are you using your cool gun?


Siobhan: Oh yeah using a dope gun.


Murph: I am using my cool gun, is my cool gun different?


Brennan: Your cool gun is a magical weapon.


Murph: Dope, so I say,


Riz: Alright, sorry Biz, you're a fucking creep!

Murph: And then I'm gonna try to, Insightful Fighting, try to get my Sneak Attack on him, so that's an 18 Insight, it's Insight versus Deception.


Brennan: Gotcha, you do not get Insight into Biz.


Murph: Fuck, alright, I'll just shoot him.

Emily: Shoot him, point blank.


Murph: It landed on a corner. And I rolled a 1.

Siobhan: Oh shit.


Brennan: The gun, smoke comes out of the gun, and your hand as ping, ping, ping, ping, you see Biz goes,


Biz: Man, I thought you were cool.


Brennan: His eyes start to spiral, glitter and color start to ooze out of his fingers, everybody in the arcade sees the walls, wubb wubb, undulate, sparkle an insane phantasmagoria of rainbow, color, and endless space begins to enshroud the arcade. Where the machines end, the lights begin, and endless sound and noise occurs, is beyond your conception as it turns into this chaotic wonderland.


Biz: Alright time to throw down I guess.


Riz: Hey, guys, Biz is a bad guy.


Adaine: Yeah no duh!


Riz: I thought he was just a bad guy, like he sucked, but he's a real bad guy.


Brennan: That's going to be Gorgug, your action.


Zac: Okay, can I make a Perception check on that case, with the prizes?


Brennan: Yes you can, go ahead and make a Perception check for me.


Zac: Okay. That is only a 10.


Brennan: There's some stuff in those cases, looks like some cool prizes and stuff.


Zac: Cool.


Brennan: There's like a sword, and some like sneakers, and there's like a teddy bear, a fun teddy bear prize, and there's some like Nerf bullets, and some shittier, cheaper stuff, you know like marbles, and fucking jumpin, little jacks.


Emily: I'll do one on my turn too.


Murph: Take the freakin sword, dude.


Zac: I'm going, kinda wanna leave the sword for Fabian, so I'm just gonna go into a rage and run into the next room.


Brennan: You enter a rage, run into the next room, awesome. Go ahead and move your character. You now have a speed of 40 so you can move eight squares in one movement.


Zac: Yeah so one, two, three four, five, six, seven, eight.


Brennan: Eight. So that's a movement action, if you wanna take another action you can you can use a dash, if you'd like.


Zac: I'm gonna dash.


Brennan: Hell yeah


Lou: Gonna dash.


Zac: So that's eight more, so one, can I move through my friends?


Brennan: You can move through your friends


Zac: Two-


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Dexterity- Sorry, a Charisma saving throw.


Zac: Charisma, baby.


Emily: Why, because of the phantasmagoria?


Zac: And being in a rage is not as helpful?


Brennan: Not as helpful for that.


Zac: Okay so just, fuck, I have zero Charisma. Oh, nat 20.


Brennan: Go ahead and keep moving, man. You are in a deep rage, whatever was about to happen does not happen.


Zac: So that was three, four, five, six, seven, eight.


Brennan: That's you, that's your turn. That is going to be, uh, oh baby, you guys see that-


Ghosts: We who gave our lives here defend the master.


Brennan: Ghosts leap from the video games, surrounding you, emerging. You see the ghosts are dripping with ectoplasm, their coke bottle glasses pushed up their nose, their pocket protectors full of pencils, little binders under their book, little references on T-shirts, or short sleeve button ups. You see two appear on either side of you guys here. Go ahead and let me know what Guardian of Faith does.


Ally: So they have to, that one that's near it, it's up to 10 feet, so what is that one square?


Brennan: Two squares.


Ally: Two squares, okay, so I guess just one of those is included. They have to make a Dexterity saving throw, if they fail they take 20 radiant damage, and if they pass they take 10.


Brennan: Gotcha, okay, and what's the DC on that?


Murph: 16.


Brennan: 16, Jesus. And it's a Wisdom save? Or Charisma?


Ally: Dexterity.


Brennan: Or Dexterity- None of the saves would've mattered anyway.


Zac: I think it's for 20?


Ally: Yeah so it hits for 20, up to 60, so this is the first hit.


Emily: Oh okay, that makes more sense.


Ally: So it only lasts for a little bit.


Brennan: You see that one of the nerds, this sort of young woman who’s got this little nerd T-shirt on, her hair kinda in her face, she goes,


Ghost: Uh, game on!


Brennan: The Giant Spectral Corn says,


Spectral Corn: Chosen of the Corn God, Kristen shall not be denied, feel the mighty glow of my kernels!


Brennan: And this ghost is partially shredded by radiant light.


Ghost: I'm not supposed to be out in the sun!


Ally: Cool.


Emily: Yo I shout in,


Fig: Corn God sucks!


Kristen: I kinda agree!


Fig: I like the scholars.


Brennan: These ghosts are gonna take some swings at you. One goes for Kristen, that's gonna be a miss. One goes for Adaine, what's your armor class?


Siobhan: 12.


Brennan: That's a miss.


Ally: Hell yeah,


Siobhan: Fucking nerd!


Brennan: Two are going for Gorgug,


Gorgug: What is happening?


Brennan: Oh, they both miss, and two go for Riz. Riz, what's your AC?


Murph: 15.


Brennan: One of these ghosts reaches out and shreds you for… ooh. 23-


Murph: Uncanny Dodge!


Brennan: -23 points of necrotic damage, does uncanny dodge. I'm gonna need you to make a Wisdom saving throw.


Murph: Okay. 5.


Brennan: One of the ghosts says,


Ghost: If you die here you can be my pal!


Brennan: And you are filled with such a deep fear of that fate, that you need more than anything to get out of this arcade.


Murph: Got it.


Brennan: That is now going to be Fabian.


Lou: Can I also do a perception check on the rewards?


Brennan: Yeah, you absolutely may.


Lou: 13.


Brennan: Yeah, there's like some cool prizes in here. There's like swords, and shoes, there's like a cool Frisbee-


Murph: Maybe that's like the ghosts’ unfinished business, is that they wanna win the prizes, fuckin give them a prize, man.


Lou: Can I go take a look at the sword?


Brennan: Yeah, your Perception check is taking a look at the sword, it's the most expensive thing, it's way up high, it's this jet black little short sword that looks incredibly like shimmery and shadowy looking, and it takes a million credits at the arcade.


Lou: God, I mean, I'd like it.


Emily: Yeah...


Brennan: Go for it, you can absolutely smash that thing.


Lou: Okay,


Brennan: So you're going to take your action to smash the glass, go ahead and give me an Athletics check to see if you can smash it without cutting yourself.


Lou: 16.


Brennan: That's fine, you elbow, and you line up your jacket, and bam, break the glass, snatch this sword out of it. It glimmers and shines in your hands. The little placard reads, (nasally nerd voice) Ultimate Ninja Sword, found in a for real ninja monastery that my friend Trevon found out about.


Zac: Trevon.


Siobhan: That's so long to write on a sword.


Brennan: A little placard.


Siobhan: My friend Trevon found it!


Brennan: This real ninja sword is a million credits, and it glimmers in your hand.


Lou: Fantastic, is that-?


Brennan: That's your action, your movement, you're right there, so you can still take another few feet of movement if you want, you can move like three squares.


Lou: Yeah I'll take it, one, two, three.


Brennan: Dope, that's going to be Kristen.


Ally: Okay I'm just gonna cast Spirit Guardians as a fourth level slot-


Brennan: Awesome!


Murph: Oh fuck.


Siobhan: Sick.


Ally: -and that means I have an extra d8, so I have 4d8 of damage to anyone who’s near me.


Brennan: Jesus Christ.


Zac: That's so much.

Ally: Oh no, I didn't have that, it has to be a three level slot cause I only get one fourth.


Brennan: Gotcha, no worries.


Ally: So that's 3d8s, but still that's-


Siobhan: Pretty sick.


Ally: I'll take it.


Brennan: Kristen, you cast the spell. Do you move or no, you just cast the spell? 'Cause you're surrounded right now.


Ally: Yes, and I would like to, I can choose any number of creatures to be unaffected by it so obviously the party.


Brennan: Your pals, awesome. Adaine, that's you.


Siobhan: Is this a wall?


Ally: Oh wait sorry, I wanted to move.


Brennan: Oh you wanted to move, so where do you move?


Siobhan: Oh, sorry.


Ally: My mistake, just as far as I can towards Gorgug, can we move into this like blank space?


Brennan: This blank space is the undulating, weird patterns of light and energy. You are unable to move into that part of the arcade, there appears to be a weird, like the floor under you is almost like buckling and looking weird, like magic and power basically. You take your movement, one, two, three, four, five, six. They're gonna get attacks of opportunity on you.


Ally: Oh, which one?


Brennan: Both ghosts will, or sorry, this ghost will get one on you, and that ghost will get one on you. Oh, they both miss.


Ally: Cool.


Brennan: These ghosts are not rolling well. That's going to be Adaine.


Siobhan: I would like to cast Dispel Magic on this hallucinogenic effect.


Brennan: You're looking at this magical effect, give me an Arcana check.


Siobhan: Okay. 24.


Brennan: There are dozens of multiple, distinct magical effects happening right now, so it's not-


Siobhan: Okay, so it's not just one spell?


Brennan: Not just one spell doing it.


Siobhan: In which case I will do something else.


Ally: Can I yell in Elvish like,


Kristen: Let's leave that game where we found the girl, and let's try to find the rest of the girls and let the-


Brennan: Dope.


Emily: Wait what are you trying to say?


Ally: Oh they're not inside yet.


Siobhan: Yeah, I guess I'll cast Burning Hands on this girl, who's already damaged.


Brennan: Yeah, go for it.


Siobhan: Great. Which is a Dexterity saving throw for her.


Brennan: She succeeds on the Dexterity saving throw.


Siobhan: So it's 3d6 half damage.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Siobhan: 1, 5, 6, Jesus, 3 damage, oh my god.


Emily: Take it bitch, right? Um, what were you trying to say in Elvish because I would like to know.


Ally: Oh we found the girl- we found a girl on this game she's trapped inside, but we can run ahead and find the rest of the girls, so that as you guys come in you can work on that game, but we can move forward.


Emily: Okay, I might not do that.


Brennan: And Adaine, I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw.


Siobhan: Oh, God dammit. 13.


Brennan: 13 succeeds. That's going to be, Fig.


Emily: Okay, I would like to do two things. One, I'd like to do a Perception check on the prizes.


Brennan: Go for it, make a check.


Emily: 13.

Murph: There's some cool prizes.


Brennan: The cases have prizes in them, it's a series of objects, there was a sword, it's gone now.


Emily: I would like to just grab all of the ones I can carry.


Brennan: Cool! You spend your round just stuffing-


Emily: No, I would have to spend my whole round doing it?


Brennan: As many as you can carry? Yeah, you'd have to be smashing glass and picking up as many of the things as you possibly could.


Emily: Describe them to me. I need to know if this is a waste of my time. Is it nothing?


Brennan: There is a teddy bear-


Emily: I'm not gonna get that, I don't think.

Murph: Em, attack a ghost.


Emily: 'Cause I'm about to make a big move.


Brennan: There's a teddy bear-


Murph: There was a Frisbee.


Brennan: There is a Frisbee, there's a cool pair of sneakers, there's some headphones, there's a skateboard, there is a Frisbee.


Emily: Will it take my whole round to just grab the skateboard, or can I still do something else?


Brennan: You have to use an action to smash the glass and take the skateboard.


Emily: Alright then, I don't know if this is the right thing. I'm gonna grab Fabian and I'd like to teleport into here.


Brennan: Cool, a Dimension Door?


Emily: Yeah.


Siobhan: Sick.


Brennan: I'm gonna be a bit of a stickler right now, you have to know where you're going to Dimension Door.


Emily: I mean, I said I cased the joint.


Brennan: I'm gonna ask you, I'm gonna do you a solid, and say it's an even 50/50 you went into that back room so go ahead and roll me a d20, 1 through 10 means that you cased the outside and the front, 11 through 20 means that you went all the way to the back room and you know how to get there.


Emily: Okay. ….19!


Murph: Your rolls are unbelievable.


Ally: That's so great.


Brennan: Great. Are you able to take people with Dimension Door?


Emily: Yeah.


Brennan: Dope.


Emily: I can take one person.


Brennan: Rad, awesome.


Emily: So I run up, I grab Fabian and I say,


Fig: Trust me.


Fabian: What the fuck are you doing?


Ally: She's winking the whole way.


Fabian: Where the fuck are we, oh god.


Brennan: And you guys arrive there, that's going to be.


Emily: I don't know if that was right guys, what if we needed something from the,

Lou: I mean I did grab the sword so.


Emily: Yeah.


Ally: I have, I have Destroy Undead.


Emily: Oh, and when I land I'll wink at Riz.


Riz: Oh thank you.


Ally: Might wait for them to like, rack up.


Riz: I am scared right now.


Brennan: Cool! I am going to need… Biz rushes one hand over here, touches the pillar and you hear…


Computer Voice: Katja downloading.


Brennan: And that's what you hear.


Emily: We know Katja from, she was in Penelope's pictures,


Murph: We already saw, we saw Katja.


Ally: She's in a game.


Murph: She's already in a game.


Ally: Is that the one that you guys saw, or did we see Katja?


Siobhan: We saw Katja.


Ally: We saw Katja, oh you're still there!


Siobhan: I think that's bad…

Brennan: I am then going to need, I am then going to need Fabian and Fig to make Wisdom saving throws.


Lou: This is bad! 16!


Emily: 14.


Brennan: You see that Biz flies straight up to the ceiling, goes,


Biz: Hey, I'm just trying to have a good time with my friends and you guys don't seem to recognize how much of a pal I can be!

Brennan: You feel your mind go, pbbt!, absolutely crazy. You just see images in your head of millions of Biz Glitterdews going like,


Bizes: Good time, bubububu good time, bubububu! Good time!


Brennan: And that's what's going on in your mind, you resist that effect.


Lou: Amazing.

Zac: The sword!


Lou: The power of the sword.


Brennan: Riz that's going to be your turn, you are fully frightened,


Murph: Got it.


Brennan: So you have to spend your whole-


Murph: Do I have to make a saving throw?


Brennan: At the end of your turn.


Murph: Fuck, okay, so then I'll use Nimble Escape to disengage.


Brennan: Cool.


Murph: And then I dash the rest of the way.


Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six, I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw.


Fabian: The Ball, where are you going?


Murph: I'm just screeching. 10, plus… you know what, I’ll also use my Bardic Inspiration... Fuck you.


Emily: Hey, don't blame it on the bard!


Lou: Don't blame it on the bard.


Brennan: 12?


Murph: Yeah.


Brennan: You run past Penny Luckstone's game that you saw, you look at it and you go.


Video Game Penny: Hey it's me Penny, come help me find coins!


Brennan: Bam!


Siobhan: What!


Brennan: You are fully, you disappear from the arcade. Ba-ba-boom, you look at your body and your hands, you are made of light and pixels, and you see an endless expanse of tunnels and coins spreading out from you in all directions. You took your Nimble Escape, you took your movement and made it there, you have an action.


Murph: I am gonna yell,


Riz: Hey Penny, you here?


Penny: Hey it's me Penny Luckstone, get ready to find coins or else you'll die!


Brennan: As she starts to run down a tunnel, collecting coins,


Emily: Coins, you need coins!


Murph: Cool, I will grab some coins.


Brennan: Cool.


Emily: I think we need coins… from here.


Murph: Alright, let me investigate, I'll use my action to investigate. A nat 1. Brennan, a nat 1, it's a cool game.


Brennan: So you believe you may be in some kind of video game.


Riz: Oh okay, cool, this is cool, this is a cool game. I love video games.


Brennan: That's gonna be Gorgug.


Zac: Okay, can I make an Insight check on one of these games?


Brennan: Yeah, make an Insight check.


Murph: Surrounded by ghosts looking at a game, What is this, Dig Dug?


Zac: Oh I got, what is my Insight? 19.


Brennan: You look at the games, you don't know if there's a way to interact with these games in particular to help people. They seem to all be wired up to some central place here in the actual arcade. But you also notice that some of these appear to be glowing malevolently, some of these games.


Zac: Okay, cool, do I see one of those near me?


Brennan: One of the malevolent games?


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: Yes there's one right ahead of you that appears to be very dangerous.


Zac: Okay, well I guess first things first, I'm just going to attack the ghost in front of me. Alright so, alright that's a 19.


Brennan: That hits, go ahead and roll all your attacks at once.


Zac: Okay, then the second one is just a 13.


Brennan: Hits,


Zac: Oh, and then another 13.


Brennan: All three hit, go ahead and roll damage.


Zac: Okay so, first one d12 plus five. Okay so, that’s actually a 6, 7, a 14 on the first one, and 13 on the third one. 40?


Ally: 40.


Brennan: 40, you fuck this ghost right up,


Siobhan: God these guys are bad, that's strong.


Ally: Yeah.


Murph: I'm in hell right now. I'm in hell Nick Arcade.


Emily: What if we needed something from the prize chest? And I teleported us away.


Ally: I mean we had three insight rolls to let us know that.

Brennan: Cool, that's going to be the ghost's turn.


Murph: Spirit Guardians!


Zac: It's not dead?


Emily: Spirit Guardians!


Brennan: Yes, no it is not dead.


Zac: Damn.


Emily: Oh, I love the Spirit Guardians!


Brennan: You see that these ghosts are gonna swing at you, one of them swings at you Gorgug. Misses, another one swings at you, misses again and you see that both of them vanish.


Ally: Like they're dead?


Brennan: They go, fly into the wall. These ones take damage, is it a 15 foot radius or no?


Ally: 10, 10 foot on that Guardian of Faith.


Brennan: So this one's going to roll, that one fails its saving throw, you go ahead and roll full damage.


Siobhan: It's just automatic damage I think right? 20 damage?


Ally: It's for the first time, so it can only affect each ghost once, I think.


Brennan: I'm talking about Spirit Guardians.


Murph: She's over here.


Ally: I'm over here. I’m by Gorgug.


Murph: She did it to the guys that disappeared.


Brennan: Oh there's other guys, would it happen at the start of their turn?


Murph: Yeah.


Ally: Yeah.


Brennan: It would? Okay so one of them fails and the other one also fails, so go ahead and roll damage for those two, they started their turns.


Zac: The ones that were near me?


Murph: The ones that were near you guys, over here.


Ally: Oh great, okay yeah.


Zac: Does the one on the other side of me get hit?


Ally: 14.


Brennan: 14 damage, the one that you really fucked up, you see that a spirit appears next to you and says,


Spirit Guardian: All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good spirits do nothing. 

Brennan: Destroys that ghost, the other one is badly fucked up, how much damage was it again?


Ally: That was 14.


Brennan: 14, is also badly fucked up.


Emily: But neither of them got killed?


Brennan: No, one of them got destroyed.


Emily: Ha, what did it look like? What sense did we get, to their vulnerabilities? Just disappeared?


Siobhan: I think they got like 50 hit points.


Brennan: That's going to be the rest of these ghosts. This one here is going to attack Adaine, this one as well is gonna come in, that one now has to roll for damage as well.


Ally: Yeah, so it's a, they have to beat 16.


Brennan: It does not beat 16.


Ally: So it takes 20.


Brennan: Fucked up.


Murph: Clerics are good, guys, believe it or not.


Ally is making two ‘metal’ symbols with their hands.


Brennan: They're gonna take some swings at Adaine


Siobhan: Shit.


Brennan: One of them hits for 16 points of damage, reaching out and withering you. That's going to be a Wisdom saving throw from you.


Siobhan: Oh, shit. 11?


Brennan: You are filled with a deep terror.


Siobhan: Fuck!


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to roll for panic attack.


Siobhan: Oh shit! It's plus wisdom right?


Brennan: Yup.


Siobhan: 14.


Brennan: You are absolutely petrified, horrified by these beings. These two turn and go for Fabian. I'm gonna need Fabian to make a, first, one of them is gonna take a swing at you, misses. I'm gonna need Fabian to make a Charisma saving throw.


Lou: That's not covered by Remarkable Athlete, right?


Brennan: Nope.


Lou: Oh. 15.


Brennan: One of them goes,


Ghost: Wait a minute, this guy looks rad. I wonder what your controls are like! Hah!


Brennan: And attempts to leap into your mouth.


Fabian: Oh Christ!


Brennan: You dodge out of the way.


Zac: The sword!


Brennan: That is the ghost's turn, it is now going to be.


Lou: He just tried to leap into my mouth!


Brennan: Fabian, that's gonna be you.


Lou: Okay, the one of them just tried to leap into my mouth, Riz just ran off behind me,


Murph: Disappeared into an arcade game behind you.


Emily: You also just teleported in.


Lou: Yeah, and Biz is flying above?


Brennan: He's flying up above, yeah.


Lou: Okay, yeah. Um… God. Can I attempt to flip over this ghost in hopes of getting closer to this power source?


Brennan: You can try to move through them, they'll get attacks of opportunity, unless you take a disengage action.


Lou: I'll take the attacks of opportunity.


Brennan: Rad. You go ahead and take, 7, 8, 9, 12 points of damage, I need you to make a Wisdom saving throw.


Lou: God damn, okay there it was-


Siobhan: Oh shit...


Brennan: 2?


Lou: 2.


Emily: Wait, don’t you—


Brennan: You go to do a daring leap; one of them grabs you by the throat. You are filled with cold energy, and you see it says,


Ghost: Actually if you kinda play a lot of these games, they're pretty fun!


Brennan: And you are filled with unending terror.


Lou: Okay, yeah.


Brennan: You can do nothing but run.


Emily: I thought you got to re-roll ones, and twos,


Siobhan: No, he rolled a three but it was a minus one.


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw again.


Siobhan: Fuck, Brennan.


Lou: 11.


Antiope: Welcome Player One, fight!


Brennan: You see that one of the young women, Antiope Jones appears in front of you and says,


Antiope: Haha, let's see what you got!


Brennan: And starts dancing.


Fabian: Okay. What's happening, where am I?


Brennan: That's going to be Kristen.


Ally: Alright I am going to run up to this game, the glowing one.


Brennan: Cool, I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw.


Ally: Yeah, and I get like everything added to mine right? Wisdom, or, Charisma?


Brennan: You're proficient, yes.


Emily: You should bless some people.


Brennan: So yeah, your Charisma saving throw is bubbled in right there, it should be plus 6 to Charisma saving throw.


Ally: Okay, cool. Uh, 15.


Brennan: You rush past it, where do you wanna go?


Ally: To the game that's like fucked up.


Brennan: This is the fucked up game right here.


Ally: Okay cool, then to that.


Brennan: Yup.


Ally: Just a few there, and then while I'm here, I'm just gonna bless the three of us that I can see… So Adaine, Gorgug, and myself.


Brennan: Hell yeah.


Ally: Okay, then I wanna check this game and see if there's a way I can enter it or play it or try to get the girl out of there.


Gorgug: Don't go in it!

Ally: Eugh. Uh, what is that, Insight?


Brennan: Insight, yeah.


Ally: 13.


Brennan: There looks like there's a way to go in it. You don't know how safe that would be, so you can either try to go into it, but you're not necessarily sure how to interact with it in a way, from the outside, that would help.


Ally: Okay, then I'm going to yell to Adaine to get as close to us as she can.


Adaine: No I'm going, I'm running.


Ally: Okay, 'cause I can Turn Undead, but I'm just gonna wait until we're together and then help all of us. So I'm gonna get as close to going to the next chunk, like just be ready for us all to go together so take a few more.


Brennan: Cool, you get here and see that there is a ghost just floating over here. Oooh!


Ally: Okay.


Brennan: That is going to be Adaine.


Siobhan: I mean I ran away didn't I?


Zac: You're feared so,


Siobhan: Aren't I full of fear?


Brennan: Oh yeah, you're full of fear, cool, well the ghost that hit you is on that side. You know what? Go ahead and roll a d20, we'll say 1 through 10 you flee the arcade, 11 through 20, you flee in the opposite direction.


Siobhan: I'm gonna use my 15 divination roll to run towards my friends.


Ally: Nice,

Brennan: Hell yeah, do you take a disengage?


Siobhan: Hell yeah I take a disengage.


Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six. Here you are with Gorgug.


Ally: Can you do a dash action?


Siobhan: But I'm still, I'm still afraid right?


Brennan: Still terrified, yes. At the end of your turn you can roll another saving throw to see if you stop being afraid.


Siobhan: Okay.


Zac: What are you doing?


Siobhan: I mean I just, I guess, ready an action? I mean I'm full of fear, I

don't really know what I can do?


Brennan: Well you disengaged, you ran, and now you can roll a saving throw to try and stop that fear affecting you.


Siobhan: Great, then I'll just do that. 7.


Brennan: You are still fucking terrified.


Siobhan: Shit.


Brennan: That is now going to be Fig's turn. Fig, you've got this crazy fucking spell on you. I'm gonna need—


Emily: Yeah so what does that mean?


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to roll a d10, for me and tell me what you roll.



Emily: 8.


Brennan: The creature uses its action to make a melee attack against a randomly determined creature within its reach, if there's no creature within its reach, creature does nothing with its turn. You just have to wildly swing at that ghost.


Zac: Okay.

Emily: Okay!

Zac: That’s not too bad.


Brennan: With an attack.


Emily: 9.


Murph: Just flailing.


Brennan: Not that any of your friends can see you anymore, but Fig is just in this room, her eyes fully dilated, swinging her bass guitar madly as Biz goes,


Biz: Yeah, yeah, yeah, everyone's having a good time.


Emily: Do I get to like do anything to snap myself out of this?


Brennan: You may make another Wisdom saving throw.


Emily: Okay. No.


Brennan: You are still tripping balls. You see that Biz quickly types something in on the base of the power pillar again, and you hear


Computer Voice: Danielle downloaded.


Brennan: That is going to go back to Biz at the top of the order. You see that Biz stays near the device, casts a spell, whoom! Fig, you kinda see out of the corner of your eye in all the hallucination, that there appear to be many more of Biz than there were before.


Emily: There was already so many.


Brennan: There are already so many. That is now going to be, we're going back to Riz, you may roll again for your fear. Or, that's going to happen at the end of your turn, sorry.


Murph: Great.


Brennan: Cool, we'll be seeing a lot of the box of doom tonight.


Emily: Oh hush up.


Brennan: In Penny Luckstone's video game we find Riz Gukgak. Riz, you see that Penny's streaking down a tunnel collecting as many coins as possible, what are you going to do?


Murph: Follow Penny, I guess?


Brennan: You see that Penny's coin total is racking up, yours is at zero.


Murph: I start collecting coins?


Brennan: I'm going to need you to make an opposed Investigate check.


Murph: Okay.


Brennan: The game gets plus five. What do you get to Investigate?


Murph: Plus eight.


Brennan: You need to beat this game.


Brennan and Murph roll in the box of doom. Brennan gets a 15, and Murph gets a 9.


Murph: I got a 17.


Brennan: You take a moment's hesitation, you feel this intense fear all around you, just like Penny, ding, a hundred coins.

Penny: Sorry, better luck next time!


Brennan: Fig, through the corner of your eye, you see a palimpsest in the device, with Riz's face inside.


Lou: Oh my God.


Emily: Okay, explain to me which device, where am I seeing it exactly? Am I seeing it in this device?


Brennan: You're seeing it in this, one of these pillars here. There is a palimpsest that glows with Riz's energy.


Emily: So this is the source?

Brennan: That's the source right there.


Emily: The power source, is this magical or non-magical?


Brennan: Extremely magical.


Emily: Motherfucker. What about these pillars, are they magical? Pretty basic pillars, just made of glass and metal?


Brennan: No, all extremely magical.


Emily: Okay.


Brennan: That is now going to be Gorgug's turn.



Zac: I'm going to call my parents on my crystal.


Brennan: Okay, if you want that to be your action, yeah, go for it.


Zac: Uh… Fuck.


Murph: It's actually not a bad idea.


Emily: Just ask them— just ask them—


Murph: There’s nothing literally— anyone who’s not in that room...


Ally: I have Spirit Guardians and I could possibly protect us, we have this one little narrow spot.


Zac: Sure, I'm just trying to close that distance.


Emily: No one else—


Zac: So I'm gonna call my mom.


Brennan: Cool, that's your action, do you wanna take a movement that round as well?


Zac: Yes, I wanna take a move as far forward as I can.


Brennan: Cool, I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw.


Siobhan: Oh God,


Zac: I got this. Uh, 12?


Emily: Well add your charisma modifier.


Zac: I have zero charisma.


Brennan: You pick up the phone,


Wilma: Hello?


Fabian: I don't like this at all.


Siobhan: Oh, I hate this so much.

Lou: Wow.


Siobhan: Oh that's a bad one.


Lou: Wow, absolutely beautiful model, but.


Emily: Really great work, really great work.


Lou: Really great work, but devastating effects.


Ally: But I’m furious.


Lou: Absolutely furious, that's very cool, but I'm so mad. That's honestly super cool.


Gorgug: Aaah! Hello?

Brennan: A bunch of little gnomes start appearing everywhere.


Gnomes: Hi, you wanna whack one of us?


Gorgug: Yes.


Zac: Can I use a frenzy or anything?


Brennan: You got your action for your phone, that's gonna have to happen on your next turn.


Zac: Alright. At least it's one I think I will be good at.


Brennan: That is now going to be ghosts. I'm going to need Fig to make two Wisdom saving throws.


Zac: Two.


Emily: Aren't I already fucked?


Brennan: Yes!


Emily: Okay. That's gonna be an 11. A nat 20 baby!


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: Rad, one of the ghosts attempts to fly in your mouth, you successfully stop that ghost.


Fig: Bitch, I save this for Dr. Asha.


Ghost Two: Wait, let me give it a shot.


Brennan: And the second one leaps into your body.


Siobhan: Fuck.


Emily: My nat 20 doesn't just make my throat push him back out, cause I'm so powerful? Okay, yeah, of course.


Brennan: Rad,


Emily: So what does that mean, he's inside me?


Brennan: You see this ghost, goes, one, two, three. Appears here.


Emily: Dammit I'm so fucking hi-jacked.


Siobhan: Fuck, I'm fucked.


Brennan: That's now.


Ally: Oh that guy had to pass the corn totem right?


Brennan: They've both been hit by it already.


Ally: Oh, okay, cool.


Brennan: They're gonna take some swings now.


Brennan: Adaine, you take first, 13, 14 points of damage, and then you take next, 19 points of damage.


Siobhan: Jesus, 31 minus 19 is, 30 minus 18, so, 12, okay I have 12 hit points.


Brennan: That is now going to be Fabian. Bringing back out the box of doom, yet again. Fabian, Antiope Jones looks at you and says,


Antiope: Alright player, let's see what your skills are, time to dance!


Brennan: You see that a series of dance moves begin to come streaming at you.


Lou: Fuck you, I thought this was a fighting game.


Emily: Wait, but you're dexterous you know, like you're kinda a pretty boy.


Lou: I am.


Brennan: I'm going to need you to, this game gets a plus 5, to its acrobatics, so I'm gonna need you to roll acrobatics here.


Lou: Alright.


 Lou: I'm plus eight.

Brennan: You--


Antiope: Alright! Love those moves, great job, wow, wow, wow, pretty cool!


Brennan: Fabian, wooo, you appear outside of the game.


Lou: And I'm still terrified.


Emily: And immediately have to make a Wisdom saving throw!


Brennan: Yeah, you have to make a Wisdom saving throw. Immediately, you have to keep running. One, two, three, four, five, six. You're still fleeing as fast as you can. You hear a voice go,


Computer Voice: Antiope downloaded.


Lou: Do I get to make a Wisdom saving throw or,


Emily: Did it say Riz downloaded?


Brennan: It did not say Riz downloaded, weirdly. You make your movement, you get another Wisdom saving throw.


Lou: Thank god.


Murph: Do you have a spell that gives us advantage on Wisdom saving throws?


Emily: Shit, if we could all get within 30 feet, I could counter charm us.


Siobhan: But you're so far away


Emily: You're so fucking far away.


Siobhan: We’re so fucked.


Ally: Yeah, if you wanna—


Emily: Also I'm under the influence of two ghosts.


Siobhan: I have another Divination Roll but I keep on being like they won't fuck this one, oh shit.


Brennan: That is now going to be, that's Fabian, it's gonna be Kristen.


Ally: Okay.

Adaine: Help.


Emily: Oh, you didn’t even use your—


Brennan: Yeah you see Adaine surrounded by ghosts over there.


Murph: That's the one that gives people Wisdom saving, you might want to do it on Fabian?


Emily: Yeah do it on Fabian.

Ally: Uh, yeah. Is it...


Murph: Choose any number—


Ally: Choose any number of creatures within range.


Murph: Oh that might be good to do to... you could also do it to Adaine.


Ally: To everyone, is there a way, like what is within range?


Murph: It's 30 feet.


Ally: Oh okay,


Murph: It doesn't say what kind of, it says, choose any number of creatures within range. For the duration each target has advantage. So is just 30 feet around here? 

Brennan: Every creature is covered by 30 feet right now.


Ally: Okay cool, then I will give both of them, I'll cast Beacon of Hope.


Siobhan: Which gives us advantage on wisdom saving throws?


Ally: Yeah advantage.


Zac: Do I get it in the game?


Ally: Inside the game?


Brennan: Oh, make a -


Murph: Oh, he’s in the game.


Brennan: Go ahead and make a Knowledge Religion roll for me.


Ally: Oh okay, I have a definite--


Brennan: And I think you have advantage on that, 'cause of your book right? Go ahead and beat a DC15 on a Knowledge/Religion for me.


Murph: You have three.


Ally: Okay, 13


Siobhan: And you have advantage.


Murph: You have advantage so roll again.


Ally: Oh cool. 13's a better one.


Brennan: 13, unfortunately you cannot get Gorgug while he's in the game. But, you can get those guys with their Wisdom saving throws. Do you take a movement this round as well or no?


Ally: I run here.


Brennan: Cool, gotcha, great, great, great.


Ally: So that they're all in my thing.


Brennan: Rad, and Gorgug's in that game over there. I'm going to need Adaine to take her turn.


Siobhan: I'm afraid and I'm also trapped, so can I cast Invisibility on myself?


Brennan: To help you get out of there?


Siobhan: Just because I'm like, I'm afraid, I can't move.


Brennan: Sure, go.


Siobhan: This is a thing I can do that will


Siobhan and Brennan: Help me get out of there.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Arcana check. Call it a DC 15 for you to be good enough at magic that feels intuitive for you to do.


Siobhan: Great. Nope.


Brennan: You just gotta run.


Emily: Wow, imagine if we ever fucking rolled—


Murph: I think you can go through Kristen.


Siobhan: Yeah can I use Kristen as a,


Zac: You can fully disengage.


Emily: Yeah, just do a full disengage.


Siobhan: Oh yeah I'll fully disengage and run towards Fabian, I guess.


Brennan: Hell yeah, one, two, three, four, five, six.


Ally: You guys are gonna run into each other, scared, running the opposite way.


Fabian: Are you terrified? I’m—


Siobhan: And then I will do my Wisdom saving throw with advantage.


Ally: You get a, yeah cool.


Siobhan: 21.


Brennan: Yes, you are no longer afraid.


Brennan: You feel hope filling your body. You realize Kristen's here. These dead things can't stop you. Kristen's died, she's seen the Golden Corny Gates, there's nothing that's gonna harm you here. That's now going to be Fig. Fig is currently possessed.


Emily: What the fuck is happening. Possessed and enchanted and charmed.


Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12.


Siobhan: You're possessed you're going to attack us?


Emily: Just know it's not me.


Lou: I don't know that.


Siobhan: I don't know that.


Fabian: Fig, I'm terrified, I just got out of a video game that made me dance. Guys, I was really hoping it was a fighting game. I was like, I got this.


Brennan: Emily, could you say this in your most,


Emily: Uh, I'm Fig.


Brennan: Sorry, Fig, could you say this in your most threatening voice possible?


Brennan hands Emily a piece of paper with something written on it.


Fig: Wow, lot of strong feelings to process here.


Fabian: Are you talking to me?


Emily: I don't know, am I?


Brennan: Yes, you are specifically threatening Fabian with that.


Lou: I'm sorry that was a threat? I mean, I'm terrified right now, but that is honestly calming.


Brennan: That's Fig's turn.


Emily: Am I also still seeing Bizes dancing?


Brennan: You are no longer seeing Bizes dancing.


Emily: Well that's a nice change.


Brennan: You are seeing your body, you can feel a ghost in your body, holding onto your heart and squishing it with its thumbs. Going,


Ghost: Oh wow look at this you can make her do moves!


Siobhan: There's a creep inside you.


Emily: This is not right.


Ally: I have Hold Person that I can cast on you.


Brennan: You guys hear,


Computer Voice: Sam downloaded.


Brennan: And that's going to be.


Emily: So I don't do any kind of saving throw?


Brennan: Nope, you are fully possessed by this thing.


Ally: What was the one before Sam? We have Katja, Danielle,


Emily: Katja,


Brennan: Danielle, Antiope, and Sam.


Ally: Antiope.


Zac: Fuck.


Emily: Dude, they're downloading it to send-- I guarantee you they're downloading it to send to someone more sinister.


Zac: Sure.


Emily: I think that this little motherfucker put them on the little crystal so he could feel like he controlled them as part of a deal to send them to someone else.


Ally: Yeah we have to stop it before they download all of them. How many girls were there total?


Siobhan: Six.


Lou: There’s only Penny—


Murph: I think it's just me and Penny left.


Brennan: You guys hear Biz casting a spell in the other room.


Siobhan: Shit.


Brennan: That is now going to be, unfortunately, Riz you feel yourself trapped in this crystal. You can take actions while you're in here, but it's an infinite recurring fractal of crystalline space that you are trapped in.

Murph: Cool.


Emily: Dude, piss in it.

Murph: I guess I'll do an Investigate check, but I have a feeling it's going to be, 16.


Brennan: You can feel energy moving outside the crystal, and you can hear voices. You hear a voice of Ostentatia yelling out.


Ostentatia: Someone help!


Brennan: You hear a voice of Zelda yelling out.


Zelda: I'm trapped.


Brennan: And you hear Penny yelling out


Penny: Hello, I'm over here!


Brennan: You feel a hand pressing up against the glass, and you hear Penny's voice saying,


Penny: Riz, Riz is that you?


Riz: That's me, I think we're fucked.


Brennan: She says,


Penny: That's terrible to hear.


Riz: Yeah, it's good to see you though, I did a bad job, but my friends might save us. Do you have any clue how to get out of here? Clearly you don't.


Penny: Clearly I don't, I don't mean to be mean, but yeah for sure no.


Riz: Yeah no that's a stupid question, sorry, I just fucked up, I fucked up this whole goddamn fight.


Brennan: Gorgug, that is going to be you.


Zac: Okay,


Brennan: Bringing out the Box of Doom once more. It's Whack-a-Gnome time! Gorgug, this thing gets a plus 5 to its roll. You're rolling with advantage and bless.


Zac: Plus 7.


Brennan: I'll go ahead and roll what you need to beat. You need to beat, a 12!


Zac: Okay, I feel good about this, I have advantage so, yeah, 18.


Ally: Fuck yeah.


Zac: Plus my actual strength, so 25.


Brennan: In the video game woop, woop, woop, little gnomes are popping up,


Gnomes: Hey there bud, hey kiddo, hey bud, hey kiddo!


Gorgug: You're not my bud.


Brennan: Wham, wham, you guys see that this whole machine like rattles from side to side, and bam, Gorgug appears.


Emily: I like to think that Gorgug just goes like, “blah!” and pops back out of it.


Brennan: We're gonna pass that, let me grab that from you. It's my die, great.


Emily: One of those is mine.


Gorgug: Aaah!


Brennan: That is now going to,


Zac: My turn.


Brennan: Yes, you can move this turn as well actually.


Zac: Okay, I'm just gonna start sprinting my full movement.


Brennan: Full movement cool, that's eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, you have to end your turn here or here, because you can't end your turn on Fabian's space.


Zac: I'll stand in front of Fabian.


Fabian: Excuse me, I'm terrified.


Brennan: That is going to be, our ghostly friends. Beginning of their turn they have to roll, it's a Wisdom saving throw yes?


Ally: Wisdom saving in 16.


Emily: I hope they get so fucked.


Murph: Three of them.


Brennan: They all fail.


Emily: Yeah bitches, take it.


Ally: Alright, bitches. Yeah, an 8, a 7, and a 5. So that is 20.


Brennan: Jesus Christ.


Ally: Each, and a bunch of them already took 20 from my corn— penis.


Ally: My floating cob.


Lou: That's still there.


Brennan: Your army of philosophers comes to these nerd ghosts. One of them says,


Ghost: Actually all of us are pretty interested in philosophy as well, we—


Brennan: You see this sandaled, extremely muscular, bearded, like toga wearing guy says,


Spirit Guardian: Philosophy is lived, do you live it or merely read of it?


Brennan: They all go,


Ghosts: Well, mostly we read of it--


Brennan: Bwah, they are all shredded apart by this one philosopher, fucking decking all of them, looking extremely injured.

Kristen: fucking up these ghosts.


Emily: Yeah girl, go and get it.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Emily: Is what I would say if I wasn't possessed.


Ally: But instead you're like this is no secret.


Emily: A lot of feelings to process here.


Murph: Gonna turn undead on her and make her throw up that ghost.


Ally: Yeah.


Brennan: That is going to be.


Emily: You're going to try and double possess me?


Brennan: That is, they've all been terribly injured, see, bum bum bum—


Emily: They can move wherever they want?


Zac: Hit me baby, hit me.


Brennan: They get to fly through walls.


Siobhan: Oh, you are? Sick.


Zac: I'm immune to Fear right?


Siobhan: Yeah you are.


Brennan: Oh shit, Mindless Rage.


Zac: Yeah baby, Mindless Rage.


Murph: I am too mad to be scared.


Brennan: One of them hits you for 11, 14, 17 points of damage, not halved, it's like huff, withering you from inside. And then 10, another 13 on top of that.


Zac: So 30.


Brennan: 30. But there's no chance for the Fear to take hold. There's no purchase, you are too flipping out, to have any kind of Fear effect work on you.


Zac: I'm at 88.


Brennan: I'm gonna need Kristen to make a Wisdom saving throw.

Zac: Oh wait, no, I’m at 78.


Ally: Cool so I get my plus five to whatever I roll?


Brennan: Yup.


Lou: Or plus six.


Ally: 19, yeah.


Brennan: You see that one of the ghosts seeking to flee the army of philosophers around you, attempts to leap into your mouth and it's like,


Ghost: Aw c'mon, let me hang out for a little while.


Brennan: And rushes forward. That is, but you rebuff it, the light glows. It finds no purchase there.


Ally: Does it, yeah nevermind.


Brennan: That is going to be, that's the ghosts, Fabian that’s your turn.


Lou: And I'm still trying to, so how does this work?


Brennan: You're gonna rush past these ghosts, actually make a, go ahead and roll a d20 to see if you try to rush past these ghosts, or see ghosts and try to turn the other direction.


Lou: Great.


Murph: Ga-ga-ga-ga ghost!


Brennan: One through 10 you try to go through them,


Murph: Scooby-Doo style.


Lou: Very much I believe I can pass these ghosts no problem,


Emily: Or you were just so scared of me that you're just running.


Lou: I think it's the ghosts.


Brennan: All three ghosts are gonna get attacks on you.


Murph: Are you still Feared if you get your ass kicked, do we get hit?


Brennan: Yes you are still,


Emily: That follows.


Brennan: You are gonna go ahead and take, first 12, 16, 19… You take 22 points of damage from one.


Ally: From one.


Brennan: And you take 18 from another.


Lou: 18, ugh. A full 40.


Emily: Jesus.


Brennan: As you're just running,


Ghosts: Come on hang out dude, it's fun here, hang in the arcade.


Lou: Can I call to The Hangman to meet me at the arcade?


Brennan: You absolutely may.


Hangman: Master, I'm on my way.


Ally: Fool!


Brennan: Go ahead and roll your Wisdom.


Lou: Okay, here we go, with advantage, come on. Uh— Uh, 11?


Brennan: You are still running, my man.


Emily: No!


Brennan: That is going to be--


Emily: Fuck these rolls.

Brennan: Kristen that's you.


Ally: Right so for Channel Divinity it's up to 30?


Brennan: Up to 30 feet yeah.


Ally: So how far is Fig from where?


Brennan: So it's one, two, three, four, five, six. You could make it within range of her right now.


Ally: Okay cool, then I'm going to run.


Brennan: He's gonna get an attack on you, which he misses.


Ally: Cool, then I run here and I’m gonna do Turn Undead, so will that like get the demon out of Fig?


Brennan: You feel like there's a good chance that it will.


Ally: I do yeah, I do Destroy Undead.


Brennan: Rad as hell. These ghosts are too powerful to be destroyed, but they may be turned, which means they will attempt to flee. The DC on that is 16, they're getting a plus one here. You see that these two ghosts turn to look at you, what do you say to these ghosts as you're starting to turn them?


Ally: I say,


Kristen: My friendship burns bright!


Brennan: You see they all go,


Ghosts: Oh, we don't know anything about friends!


Brennan: And begin to flee into these things. Fig you vomit a full ghost.

Siobhan: Gross! But very metal.


Emily: And also a little bit of a salami sandwich.

Ally: They're too strong to be destroyed by my—


Brennan: Too strong to be destroyed, but they are compelled to flee.


Ally: Cool.


Brennan: That is going to be, that was an incredible turn from Kristen. Adaine, that's gonna be you.


Siobhan: Well if they're afraid will they attack—


Brennan: They will not take their reaction to attack you.


Siobhan: So they won't get opportunity attack?


Brennan: Will not get opportunity attacks.


Kristen: But there is one that you can't see, that's right here,


Ally: I yell, in Elvish.


Siobhan: Yeah, how high are the ceilings here? If I fly, will any of them get an attack of opportunity on me?


Brennan: They're partially hovering as well, they're like flying as well.


Siobhan: How you doing, hit points wise?


Zac: I got 78. 

Siobhan: Great so--


Ally: I got 75 so take care of yourself.


Emily: Oh yeah you should be pretty hurt right?


Siobhan: I'm pretty hurt yeah.


Zac: You've got 12.


Siobhan: But I can get past this woman without having her have an attack of opportunity on me right?


Brennan: You can go around her, yes.


Siobhan: So I'm going to cast fly on myself.


Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Maybe very stupid I don't know, and I'm going to take a full movement to get as far, as close to Biz as I can.


Brennan: That's 60, so that's 12. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight nine, 10, 11, 12. 

Siobhan: And it's actually fly I have 60 movement so it's 120.


Brennan: 'Cause you used the action to cast it.


Siobhan: I did, okay.


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw.


Siobhan: Goddammit.


Ally: But you have advantage, right?


Siobhan: Not on charisma, just on the Wisdom saving throws.


Zac: You still have a die? You still have one of those dice?

Brennan: You have Bless.


Siobhan: I'm gonna use my 17 divination roll.


Emily: Yeah I think that's great.


Siobhan: Against that Charisma check.


Brennan: Boom, you ignore that game calling out to you, your eyes glow white with the power of prophecy and divination, vroom! You continue flying.


Ally: Is it good to get into the game? Cause then we’d—


Cast: No.


Ally: Okay, I am just wondering.


Zac: When he won, and I won we just got out, that was all that happened.


Murph: Yeah, and I'm just out.


Brennan: Alright Fig, that's gonna be your turn.


Emily: Okay, so I'm within 30 feet of both Adaine and Kristen Applebees?


Brennan: That’s correct.


Siobhan: And Gorgug.


Emily: And Gorgug, but he doesn't need it. Okay. Then gonna real quick tune, my bass guitar.


Fig: Seems like an inappropriate time, but I promise it'll pay off.


Emily: And then I start playing, and I Countercharm me, and Kristen Applebees, and Adaine.


Brennan: With this sick fucking bass line, that's just on a tasty walk, who could be afraid?

Lou: Tasty walk?


Brennan: A tasty walk dude. You see all the philosophers surrounding Kristen go like,


Spirit Guardians: Verily, yes, yes.


Fig: I got a verily!


Spirit Guardian: Very funky young madam, funky indeed.


Fig: Thank you!


Emily: Can I also,


Spirit Guardian: But what does it mean to be funky?


Ally: We're all smoking weed.


Emily: Oh that's a conversation I'd love to continue. While I'm playing though, can I walk backwards? Just to move closer to Adaine?


Brennan: Just fucking moon walk, yes you may.


Emily: Can I take my entire walk backward?


Brennan: You can stop here.


Emily: Okay.


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Charisma saving throw.


Emily: But now I got advantage right? No, not yet.


Brennan: No, not yet.


Ally: What does that mean?


Emily: Oh so maybe I shouldn't move at all? Or would I have to make it no matter what?


Brennan: You would have to, I mean it's up to you.


Emily: If I stayed where I was, was I still gonna have to?


Brennan: No you were not, if you stayed where you were.


Emily: Okay, well, okay, Charisma saving throw. Oh! Okay, that's better. Yeah, 24!


Brennan: Oh you're fine.


Ally: Fuck yeah.


Brennan: This is nerd shit, you don't want to play a fucking video game, you're playing a sick bass solo. It's gonna be back to the top of the order. You hear,


Computer Voice: doov doov doov, Ostentatia downloaded.


Brennan: That is going to be back at the top of the order. You see, Biz is there, flies out here.


Zac: Oh, that little shit.


Brennan: Hold on one second. 

Siobhan: Oh, no, 60 feet?


Brennan: I'm going to need Fig and Adaine to make Dexterity saving throws.


Emily: That we don't get advantage though right? That's not being charmed or frightened?


Brennan: Nope.


Siobhan: 16, 17, 18.


Emily: 14.


Brennan: 18 and 14, okay.

Siobhan: Oh my God so many dice.


Emily: I think I’m fucked.


Siobhan: I mean I have 12 hit points left so I'm fucked.

Murph: Oh, my goodness.


Emily: No but you got 17?


Zac: But she might get half damage.


Siobhan: But if it’s, if it's half damage, I'm still fucked.


Murph: Biz sucks.


Siobhan: Biz fucking sucks.


Emily: I guess he was right all along though, right?


Siobhan: That he sucks?

Brennan: You take 39 points of damage, you take 18 points of damage.


Siobhan: I'm down.


Brennan: Or, sorry, 38 is—


Siobhan: I mean it makes no difference, I'm down.


Brennan: You see he goes and says,


Biz: Well, two lovely ladies.


Brennan: Woop, pew, pew, pew and rays of color and crackling electricity come from all the games and badly damage you all. What is Fig at?


Emily: Fig is at 39, um, 20, 26. I'm super bad at math.


Brennan: I'm also going to need Fig to make an Arcana check.


Emily: Oh good. 13.


Brennan: Cool! You see it is now going to,

Siobhan: Fuck, Brennan.


Emily: Wait, oh wait, he just hit me! Can I use my reaction, Hellish Rebuke? 

Brennan: You point your finger at the creature that damaged you, it is momentarily surrounded by hellish flames. Creature must make a Dexterity save or it takes two d10 fire damage on failed saves.


Murph: Freakin hell yeah.


Emily: It's a reaction.


Brennan: Yeah you absolutely may. He's gonna make a Dexterity save. He fails.


Emily: Yeah bitch.


Brennan: Believe it or not, Biz, not dexterous.


Emily: Okay, so then it's 2d10?


Murph: AV club guy, not dexterous.


Emily: 6, plus 10, 16.


Brennan: Jesus Christ.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: So you hit a fucking tasty lick on that bass, and he is engulfed in flame.


Biz: Wow, I just tried to make a joke, God.


Fig: You're so fucked, you're so fucked, we have you now.


Brennan: That is going to be Riz, back in the palimpsest, you hear Penny say,


Penny: It's getting quieter out here, I don't blame you, thank you so much for trying.


Riz: We're still gonna get out. Have you seen where any of these girls have gone when they're (air quotes) downloaded?


Penny: I don't know, I've been stuck in the palimpsest, I know, I think something really bad's gonna happen, worse than you think, I'm so sorry Riz, I'm so sorry.


Riz: It's not your fault.


Brennan: That's going to be,


Murph: Can I investigate and see if I see where people are, like look into the other palimpsests and see if I can see where people are going? Like, see if I see where Ostentatia went?


Brennan: Make another investigation check.


Murph: A nat 20.


Ally: Nice.


Brennan: A nat 20? You furiously, and you take, you take 7 points of damage as you furiously dig through the cracks of the palimpsest. Penny's sad voice has lit some kind of fire in you. And it's literally like lacerating you as you're crawling through the crystal. You dig through and see a channel, going back to the AV room at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.


Riz: Motherfuckers.


Brennan: What an insane roll. But you know that that's where they're headed, that's where they're going.


Murph: Okay. Can I try to lead people, I wanna try to like overload their servers cause I hear them being downloaded.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Arcana check off of that nat 20.


Murph: Cool. Uh… 18.


Brennan: 18, you guys hear a pop in the other room and Biz looks and says,


Biz: Oh, what the fuck.


Brennan: And flies towards it as something overloads in the fucking server.


Murph: I'm just throwing palimpsests down the thing.

Brennan: That's going to now be,


Murph: Fuck yeah.


Brennan: Fuck yeah. That's gonna be Gorgug, baby.


Zac: Okay, Are these guys, here?


Ally: This one's turned.


Zac: Turned, so I can just like, move past that person? I'm going to take my full movement, and I'm going to put my headphones on and crank some music as I run past the game.

Emily: Wow, just like Zelda would like.


Zac: Hopefully, it keeps me from hearing it. Would that keep me from hearing it?


Brennan: Keep you from hearing?


Zac: The game, the call of the game.


Brennan: Oh the game, I'm gonna say fucking roll with advantage.


Zac: Okay.


Murph: Nice.


Brennan: So that's going to be.


Zac: With my Bless?


Emily: Wait but he's never frightened or charmed right?


Zac: That's a Wisdom saving. That's not charmed, right?


Murph: Bring…. Me… to… Life.


Siobhan: It's Charisma.


Brennan: Charisma, so you can roll a Charisma save, you roll with advantage, you can add that Bless to it.


Zac: That's 17.


Brennan: You pass.


Zac: Okay great.


Siobhan: You should see if you crit.


Emily: Yeah, just see if you crit.


Zac: No.


Brennan: Cool, you've made an eight movement. You can continue to move here if you'd like, but this is how far you get based on that movement.


Zac: He's running to the other room right?


Brennan: Yes.


Zac: Okay, I'm gonna fully run into that room.


Brennan: Alright, I'm going to need you to make a Dexterity saving throw.


Zac: With advantage.


Brennan: With advantage, yes.


Zac: Yes. Dope. Oh thank God. Okay, alright.


Siobhan: The first one was a 3.


Zac: Yeah, so 19.


Brennan: 19, Jesus. You run through here and see that Biz has set up some kind of trap. You see pixelated versions of yourself, leap out to grab you and you fully jump with your music playing and go perfectly horizontal and corkscrew through the middle of them. To land right in front of fucking Biz.


Gorgug: Sup, nerd.

Brennan: And that's your action. That is going to be the ghosts. All these flee as fast as they can. This one's gonna go, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, she's gonna go eight here.


Siobhan: Does Gorgug have an attack of opportunity on him?


Brennan: No cause it's coming straight towards him, not leaving the area. And that's gonna miss. Right here, it's gonna be, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Not enough to get to Gorgug this turn. That is the ghost's round. It is now going to be, it is now going to be Fabian.


Lou: So I keep running.


Zac: Oh my God.


Murph: Is your bike here?


Brennan: Keep running, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. Give me another Wisdom saving throw.


Lou: Alright, 15.


Siobhan: Hell yeah.


Brennan: You get to the front room, and calm down.


Murph: Once you see the prizes.


Emily: Yeah, maybe do a perception on the prizes.


Brennan: Do a perception on the prizes.


Lou: Yes, fantastic.


Ally: Please get a nat 20 and we find out that's where it's all been.


Murph: A 2.


Lou: So 1. It's not a nat 1,


Brennan: Just a modified 1.


Lou: Modified 1.


Brennan: It looks like they're prizes, that could be an illusion. Maybe there is not prizes.


Lou: I got plans for my next turn. I know that my friends are in trouble over there but.


Brennan: That's going to be Kristen, that's your turn.


Ally: Great, I sprint.


Brennan: Cool.


Ally: How far can I get without using my running as an action?


Brennan: You can get that far.


Emily: You could probably Healing Word her.


Brennan: Oh yeah, you could,


Emily: You could high-level Healing Word her.


Brennan: You could do there and do a Healing Word or you could be over here, whatever you wanna do.


Ally: Healing Word, could I do Adaine and her?


Murph: You could also dash and Healing Word, 'cause Healing Word's a bonus action.


Ally: Hell yeah it is, so is Mass Healing Word.


Murph: That'd be dope.


Ally: I will do--


Brennan: You could actually hit you, I don't know how many you could hit with Healing Word, but you could do Fig, Adaine, Gorgug, and yourself.


Ally: Okay yeah, I'll do that. Let's see I'm gonna cast that as a, what is this fourth level? Oh no, no, no sorry third level.


Brennan: Dope.


Ally: And so that gives me a d4 plus my spellcasting ability modifier.


Brennan: And then plus your Blessed Healer thing, so it's actually plus 10.


Ally: Cool.


Brennan: It's plus 11 actually now.


Murph: d4 plus 11?


Brennan: d4 plus 11.


Ally: One so 12.


Brennan: And then you also get some back from Blessed Healer, as well.


Ally: Yeah, I'm at full health anyway, so.


Emily: How much?


Brennan: 12 to Fig, Gorgug, Adaine, and Kristen, Kristen gets a little bit extra.


Emily: Thank you.


Ally: I'm already at full, haven't been touched.

Brennan: These ghosts present.


Ally: I have not been touched!


Siobhan: Let me stand up!


Ally: Philosophy has helped me.


Brennan: I'm now going to need you to make a, as you continue that, so you do that like one, two, here, three, four, need you to make a Charisma saving throw?


Ally: Oh sure.


Emily: But she gets advantage because of my Countercharm.


Ally: I get advantage, right?


Brennan: Yup.


Ally: And bless.


Brennan: Oh no, this is not a Charm effect. So just go ahead and roll a regular saving throw with that Bless.


Ally: Oh okay. 12? Oh Charisma. 15.


Brennan: You make it past, boom, boom. You make it this far.


Ally: Alright great.


Zac: Is Adaine getting up?


Brennan: Oh yeah, Adaine gets up. Adaine, this is your turn.

Siobhan: Sick, well my fly spell is gone 'cause it's a concentration spell. I can see Biz from here right?


Brennan: Yes you absolutely can.


Siobhan: Does he have spells that he has cast on him? Can I do an Arcana check?


Brennan: There are four Bizes standing in that space.


Siobhan: Sick, I would like to cast Dispel Magic on Mr. Biz.


Brennan: You reach your hand out and boom, the other three Illusory Doubles disappear, and he goes,


Biz: Oh dag, what?


Adaine: Did you say "dag"?


Biz: Yeah dag, dude, you ever heard of a meme?


Adaine: A what?


Biz: A meme, a meme, you know like on the internet, a meme.


Zac: Goddammit.


Adaine: A meme? You suck so hard.


Siobhan: Were there any other spells on him, just that one?


Biz: Looks like I'm rubber and you're glue, and whatever you say bounces off of me and sticks to you.


Emily: Oh my God.


Adaine: Did you learn that from a book? Did you read a book of insults, and you were like, "I'm gonna learn that"?


Biz: No, I learned it from a meme.


Gorgug: A what?

Brennan: That is going to be--


Murph: Hot topic nerds hate AV club nerds.


Brennan: Fig, that's gonna be your turn.


Emily: Okay, I would like to, so,


Fig: Gorgug, I'm really sorry, I think I might hurt you.


Zac: It's fine, I'm at 90, I don't care.


Emily: So I go, one, two, three, four, five, and this is as far as I can go. And then I wanna do...


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Dexterity saving throw.


Emily: Is this a Charming or Frightening thing?


Brennan: Nope, not a Charming or Frightening thing.


Zac: It's that trap that I got through.


Emily: So Countercharm was garbage. Can maybe I do what, maybe, what if I am here, do I not, where does the trap start?


Brennan: You would hit it, well you haven't noticed it, that was what your Arcana check was for, was to see the spell there.


Emily: Oh, okay.


Brennan: So go ahead and make that Dexterity saving throw.

Emily: 12.


Brennan: You take, 13 points of damage, whoom, as bunch of Figs leap out from the arcade games and restrain you in the spot.


Emily: So I don't even get to do any actions?


Brennan: No, I'm afraid not.


Emily: This battle has fucked me.


Ally: In that case, do you wanna be where you were already, seeing all that stuff, one space forward, it's not that different?


Emily: Yeah yeah, if that's the case I'd rather be fucked one space further.


Brennan: You guys see Biz, goes ahead. He's going to cast, one, two, three, four, five. I'm going to need Adaine, Fig, Gorgug, and Kristen to all make Wisdom saving throws.


Siobhan: Oh shit. We all have advantage.

Emily: Is this charming? Is this charm, advantage?


Brennan: This is charm, so this is advantage.


Siobhan: He doesn't.


Zac: But does my Feral Instinct help at all right now, or no?


Brennan: You are immune to charm, your Mindless Rage is helping you here.


Zac: Oh okay.


Emily: 16.


Brennan: Feral Instinct helps with initiative, I think.


Siobhan: I got a 24.


Ally: 20.


Emily: 16.


Zac: So am I rolling on this?


Murph: Nice, guys.


Brennan: You don't even have to roll.


Ally: Not nat 20 but.


Brennan: You see Biz, goes,


Biz: You could've been my friends, but you chose the path of pain, woop, woop, woop, woop.


Brennan: He starts to shake his little tummy, and you see that a bunch of just spidery tendrils of color come out.


Biz: Be charmed by my dance, be charmed by my dance.


Adaine: You look so stupid right now.


Biz: It's cool, it's looks cool!


Fig: That’s humiliating.


Emily: I take a video on my crystal. That’s fucking humiliating.


Biz: Don't spread, that don't post that!


Ally: You were recording him.


Emily: Fucking embarrassing.


Brennan: He flies over here. Gorgug, you're gonna get an attack on him as he attempts to leave.


Zac: Yeah, great.


Siobhan: Sick.


Zac: Fuck you.


Ally: Fucking ruin him.


Zac: Uh, okay, I, 24.


Brennan: That hits go ahead and roll damage.


Zac: Fuck you. That's a 15.


Brennan: Jesus.


Siobhan: Chop his fucking wings off.


Brennan: He's like,


Biz: Adios my dear.


Brennan: Wham. Badly hurt, he rushes over to the thing, and you hear, a voice, and you hear Penny say,


Penny: I'm sorry.


Box of Doom is coming in, Riz on that incredible nat 20 is in the system, man, we're in, we're hacking in. You're gonna roll an opposed Arcana check.


Murph: Oh, with a plus 5.


Ally: You have a plus 5, yeah.


Brennan: Biz has a plus 8 to this.


Murph: Great.


Ally: You got it man, you got it!


Siobhan: You got it man, you got it.


Zac: You got it.


Siobhan: Crit! You’re gonna crit.


Emily: You got Bless or anything? You got any Bardic Inspo left over?


Lou: Beat this bullshit pixie.


Zac: Guaranteed.


Brennan rolls a 13.


Brennan: You need to beat, wait, 8 to that, is gonna be 21.


Emily: Too legit to crit.


Brennan: 16 or higher.


Siobhan: Crit. You’re gonna crit.


Murph: Fuck. 

Zac: You don't got it.


Brennan: You hear--


Lou: You have it, it just didn't show up that time.


Emily: Yeah, that's true. That’s true.


Siobhan: You have it man. Next time man.


Brennan: You hear a voice, you hear Biz go,


Biz: Oh, sneaky little monkey.


Emily: Ewww!


Brennan: And then you hear a voice say,


Ally: I hate this.


Penny: Bye, Riz.


Computer Voice: do do do do. Penny downloaded.


Riz: Motherfucker.


Brennan: That is going to be Riz, you're in the system running around.

Murph: Oh goddammit,


Emily: Pee in it, pee in it!


Murph: I am going to try, so am I out of my palimpsest or?


Brennan: You're deep in your palimpsest, but you've allowed yourself to be injured to the extent that you're affecting stuff inside of the crystal technology.


Murph: Okay, is there any way that I can try to, so I see that there are people going to the AV club thing?


Brennan: Yup.


Murph: I would like to, try to put the bag of holding over the wire thing, so people go into my bag instead of the.


Brennan: Roll a Sleight of Hand, because what you're doing is insane, and you are a fucking ghost. That's gonna be a DC25 Sleight of Hand check.


Emily: But you have good Sleight of Hand!


Murph: I literally can't do that, I have a plus four.


Brennan: You can roll and see if you get a nat 20.


Murph: Okay, don't worry. Nah.


Ally: 14!


Murph: It’s 18.


Brennan: You try to open it inside the thing. You see as you attempt to open it, the interior space of the palimpsest starts to go like wub wub wub and it's like oop a holding technology inside of a holding technology, that's bad, and close it. That is going to be Gorgug.


Zac: Are my parents still on the line?


Brennan: Yes.


Gorgug: If you can hear me, what is the quickest way to shut down your power source? it's an emergency.


Digby: Well, an emergency, I would go to, the fuse box is usually in the front of the store, the arcade.


Siobhan: Oh shit.


Emily: Oh fuck me. Fuck me.


Zac: Really?


Emily: It's in the prize chest.


Zac: Do you even see one?


Murph: You could also just probably turn it off.


Gorgug: Okay, but if I can't get there, can I just smack it?


Digby: Oh I wouldn't smack it. Mom and me put a—


Gorgug: My friend's gonna die if I don't.


Digby: Yeah, I guess, aim for the wires.


Zac: I'm going to let them get attacks, can I get there in time? One, two, three, four, five.


Emily: Oh yeah cause they can't do shit to you.


Zac: And then slash the wires. No, no kinda fucked me up.


Emily: But they can't charm you and get in your mouth.


Lou: Can't get in your mouth dude.


Emily: Get in your mouth and play your heart.


Siobhan: Get in your mouth.


Ally: Charm you.


Lou: Let me tell you something right now, they can't get in your mouth.


Brennan: You take 19 points of damage. As you rush past them.


Zac: And I attack the wires.


Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead and start rolling your attacks.


Zac: And I'm going to use, Reckless Attack, so I have one attack advantage.


Brennan: Okay, awesome.


Zac: Okay so- okay so that was, the first one's 9 plus 8, so 17.


Brennan: 17 does not hit.


Zac: Oh.


Emily: Doesn’t hit the wires?


Brennan: He doesn't hit the wires, or he doesn't hit them in a way that deals damage to them.


Zac: Okay, fuck. I'm gonna just do it again.


Emily: Maybe just try to unplug it? It’s magical.


Brennan: I'm gonna tell you right now, this thing has an AC of 19 and it has 20 hit points. That's pretty common for objects like this.


Zac: AC of 19, so just have to get over 19?


Brennan: 19 or higher.


Siobhan: Oh you can do that.


Zac: Ooh, yeah, I got that.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.


Zac: Okay. 'Kay, that was 6 plus 7, that's, 13?


Brennan: 13 damage. You hack into the wire, electricity starts coming out of it.


Zac: And I have a frenzy so I'm gonna use that.


Emily: Is Riz literally the next person to get downloaded?


Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: I think so, I think so.


Emily: So we don't try to heal anyone this turn, we just try to get, destroy this thing.


Zac: Fuck. That's only, ah fuck, seven plus eight, that's nothing.


Brennan: You've badly damaged it, you've done a ton of damage, it's shocking, electrocuting everywhere. These ghosts rush you.

Zac: Fuck.


Brennan: Fucking both miss, terribly. That's going to be Fabian.


Zac: But they get advantage on me.


Brennan: Oh, they do get advantage. That's an honest man.


Zac: Nat 20?


Murph: Did he just crit?

Lou: They both crit? They just both crit. 

Zac: Why did I do that?


Ally: No!


Lou: How many dice you picking up dude? No, put those dice down.

Emily: Put them down!


Ally: No!


Lou: That's the most dice I've ever seen.


Siobhan: Oh my god, he can barely fit them in his hand.


Emily: This is a fuckin’ Box of Doom roll.


Ally: Was that real?


Siobhan: Yes.


Brennan: 12, 13.


Lou: What did we just do? You broke the rules.


Siobhan: Lie next time, dude!


Zac: I can not lie.

Brennan: You take 48 points of damage.


Emily: Yes he's still standing!


Brennan: Jesus Christ.


Siobhan: Man, strong.


Emily: So strong.


Brennan: Woo woo, you see both of these ghosts reach their fucking hands and try to crush your heart,


Ghosts: Ha ha ha get a load of this dude, what a freak? Freak loser.


Brennan: Squeezing your heart. You see that your eyes, the corners of them crinkle, and a shock of your hair goes white. As you almost age in front of them, you see the palimpsest glows in front of you. You see Riz burrowing into one, another the last one, with Zelda in it. Holds her hand out.


Lou: Oh my god.


Brennan: That's going to be, Fabian, that's you.


Lou: Can I ask The Hangman how far he is?


Hangman: Master, I am here!


Murph: Turn off the fuse box!


Ally: Yes!


Murph: But he doesn’t know.


Lou: Can I see the fuse box?


Brennan: Make a Perception check.


Lou: I mean.


Brennan: For a thing you don't know you're looking for.


Lou: 15.


Brennan: You see a bunch of stuff in this room.

Lou: Very cool.

Emily: Perception check on the prize box.


Lou: Yeah, that's where I should have been doing a Perception check. So how far, can I get with just a regular dash? I mean I'm gonna Action Surge and get as deep in to all of this as I can.


Brennan: I'm gonna say that your bike has a speed of 90.


Lou: Okay.


Brennan: Which is equal to 18 squares. It can take a move and a dash, so that's, One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 36!


Lou: Fantastic.


Brennan: Fabian.


Ally: Jesus!


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make four Charisma saving throws.

Lou: Jesus Christ, okay.



Ally: Do you have Bless or anything?


Lou: I don't, no,


Ally: Really?


Lou: I missed all of that because I was running the other way.


Ally: Do you wanna make them all at the same time or individually?


Lou: No I'll make them individually, cause it's too scary to make them. Okay so first one, 6.

Brennan: 6, so you, cool, you vroom, this very first one right here, you and The Hangman get boom, sucked right into it. You hear,


Video Game: Let's race!

Lou: Great.


Brennan: You are deep in the video game.


Emily: That was a really valiant effort.


Lou: Thanks dude, I had a real cool plan where I was gonna throw that ninja sword directly in the machine, but it was real nice for you to walk me all the way,


Ally: I was gonna say!


Lou: Like I got to do it--


Brennan: Yeah I remembered the traps after I counted it out, but that would've been fucking dope as hell.


Lou: Dope as hell dude.


Brennan: That would've been super cool.


Zac: That would've been so cool dude.


Brennan: Kristen, that is going to be your turn.


Ally: I run straight in, I bet I'm gonna have to make that.


Brennan: Yeah make that Dexterity saving throw.


Ally: With Bless?


Brennan With Bless.


Ally: Do I have any advantage?


Brennan: Nope.


Ally: Alright. Yeah, fuck yeah! I have negative 3 on Dexterity, but I rolled an 18 with a 1 Bless.


Brennan: Yup, you're through, yup.


Murph: Dope.


Ally: Okay and then I'm gonna dash forward, and I'm gonna jump on Gorgug's back.


Brennan: Okay.


Ally: And hug him really tight, and that means like my Guardians will be around both of us for this next.


Brennan: Hell yeah.


Emily: Are the Guardians gonna hit the wiring?


Zac: Can you use your Healing Word?


Ally: No, I used my dash as the action, right?


Zac: But is it a bonus action?


Siobhan: But Healing Word is a bonus action.


Brennan: Is that?


Ally: Oh yeah, yeah, cool.


Brennan: You can use your Healing Word if you want.


Ally: And this isn't even Mass Healing Word, so this a d4 and I add a d4 for each spell slot, so I'll make it a 3 cause I haven't done any of those. 3d4s.


Brennan: Hell yeah. Those two, yeah you move through those ghosts.


Ally: A 2, a 2, and a 4, hell yeah, that's 8, plus what do I add to this?


Siobhan: 10 I think.


Ally: 10, 18. And I take some healing but I don't need it cause I'm still full health 'cause God exists.


Zac: I'm at 41 now.


Emily: Okay.


Kristen: You can thank God. Which God, I don't know yet.

Brennan: Adaine, it's gonna be your turn.


Siobhan: I mean I gotta try and make that Dex throw.


Brennan: Yeah go for it.


Siobhan: Gotta get in that room. It's where the action is happening.


Murph: We gotta ... these wires.


Lou: What are you talking about? The action's happening in the very first trap, in the very first room.


Ally: Oh, where you are?


Lou: Yes.


Siobhan: I made it.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Siobhan: 18.


Brennan: You leap through, recognizing the spell, expertly dodging out of the way. You are in the room.


Ally: Do you have some sort of?


Emily: Yeah, I,


Zac: Hit the wires!


Emily: Yeah, I think we need to try to get these wires.


Ally: Yes.


Siobhan: Yeah, can I do, Witch Bolt on the wires?


Brennan: Yeah.


Siobhan: I don't have any that will sever, can I just use Mage Hand to fucking unplug the thing, is it just in the wall?


Brennan: I'm gonna, ask you to make, yeah you can use Mage Hand to try.


Siobhan: Or can I at least make an Arcana check and see.


Brennan: Make a spell attack check, we'll call it a DC20 spell attack check just to yank the fucking thing out.


Siobhan: Okay so I got a plus 7.


Ally: Well it's pretty low right, on its health?


Murph: Four HP or something?


Ally: It's at like four.


Siobhan: Yeah but I don't know if any of my spells will attack a wire.


Emily: Do like an Arcana check to see.


Siobhan: Yeah, can I do an Arcana check to see if any of my spells will attack a wire?


Brennan: You know what, I don't know all your spells well enough.


Siobhan: Okay.


Brennan: So you tell me what you're going to do.


Siobhan: Ah shit.


Murph: A spell attack would just hit right? Yeah, like if you threw a Fireball or something?


Brennan: There's also the possibility though, if you're not severing, like Witch Bolt might electrocute.


Siobhan: Yeah if I'm not severing something, I could just electrocute it. Hang on a second. (suspenseful music) If I use Mage Hand, can I pull both of the palimpsests out of the thing, or do I have to pick one?


Brennan: You have to pick one.


Siobhan: Dah, shit.


Ally: I mean obviously right?


Siobhan: I know, why am I, why is this so hard?


Brennan: Make the call, or I'm gonna say panic attack sets on.


Emily: Mage Hand Riz!


Siobhan: Fuck, I. Okay, I use Mage Hand to pull Riz out of the machine.


Brennan: Cool, that's just gonna be a DC15 with your spell attack, go ahead and roll.


Siobhan: 8 plus 7, is 15.


Brennan: Woom, Riz's palimpsest comes shooting out of the machine into your hand. Wooo baby, Fig that's gonna be you, you may make another Dexterity saving throw.


Emily: Is that gonna be my whole fucking turn?


Brennan: Hold on one second, just let me see something here real quick.


Emily: I failed it anyways.


Emily: Fuck me.


Brennan: You take, 11 points of damage, as your illusory doppelgangers kick the shit out of you.


Emily: Can I at least like do a spell on my illusory doppelgangers?


Ally: Kiss one of them!


Emily: Okay, I kiss one, I kiss myself.


Zac: You have 14 left.


Emily: Oops. Thanks for that.


Brennan: Okay, Riz is pulled out of the device, you hear,


Computer Voice: do do do do, Zelda downloaded.


Ally: Fuck.


Siobhan: I'm sorry guys it's just in game, that's what I had to do.


Emily: You did the right thing.


Murph: Appreciate it.


Ally: Does Biz start his turn by taking damage from my Guardians?


Brennan: Oh he absolutely would. He's gonna roll a saving throw, he rolls a nat 20, go ahead and roll.


Ally: So it's halved?


Brennan: Halved, yup.


Ally: Bitch, an 8, a 7, and a 5.


Siobhan: 20?


Murph: 20? So 10.


Brennan: You see that Biz looks around at you and goes,


Biz: Game over, game over! It looks like you guys are free to go.


Brennan: You hear, you see one of your Radiant Guardians goes,


Spirit Guardian: Man is condemned to be free.


Brennan: Whap, and Biz, woop hits the fucking deck, Bam, out.


Ally: Really?


Brennan: Gone, toast, half damage.


Emily: Does that mean that I'm no longer restrained by myself?


Brennan: No longer restrained.


Emily: Thank fucking God.


Murph: So was Zelda downloaded?


Brennan: Zelda was downloaded. Bringing out the Box of Doom here. Fabian, in your video game, you hear “Let's race!” I'm gonna need you to make an Acrobatics check. This is a plus 5. Go ahead and roll.


Siobhan: Do he have advantage since he's on a fucking motorbike?


Brennan: Yeah we'll say he has advantage. Alright you need to beat: a nat 20!


Lou: I’mma go, you guys don't need me here right? I'm trapped in a video game.


Brennan: You guys see two other palimpsests light up.


Emily: Both of them, we gotta fucking hit these freaking—


Zac: Wait did you even try?


Murph: What if he rolls a nat 20?


Lou: Can I try a nat 20?


Brennan: Actually that's true.

Murph: He's gonna roll a nat 20.


Ally: A nat 20 is insane.


Lou: We'll go one at a time.


Brennan: One at a time?


Lou: One of these will be a nat 20, right?


Brennan: Die number one.


Ally: 10, that's a nat 10.


Lou: That's half of a nat 20, all the way up to a nat 20. What, what?


Ally: Get this outta here, fuck yeah, fuck yeah!


Murph: Suck my dick!


Lou: It doesn't matter, all the girls are gone, but yeah!


Ally: Yeah!


Emily: What was that about those palimpsest?


Ally: I feel like I'm on drugs.


Brennan: You explode out of the arcade. Tear all the way around to the outside. You see that every single coin machine in the entire arcade, ping ping ping ping ping, you are showered in gold coins all over you, all over the arcade, spill forth.


Emily: What do you say to us when we see you?


Fabian: God,


Kristen: Where have you been?


Fig: Where have you been?


Fabian: Guys, you know you guys were all there for my dad's stuff, and it's just been, it's getting to me, but I swear there were a bunch of ghosts out front, that I confronted them and dealt with them.


Fig: Thank you so much, Fabian, that's so fucking cool dude.


Adaine: But like hey, we all have dad stuff.


Fabian: We do all have—


Adaine: Except for Fig who’s super happy I guess.


Fig: Except for me I have two dads, they're both great.


Murph: I'm stuck in a palimpsest right now right?

Brennan: That's correct.


Murph: I can't even like speak to them right?


Ally: In your pocket.


Murph: Like Honey, I Shrunk the Kids style?


Brennan: Honey, I Shrunk the Kids style, yup.


Murph: I can?


Brennan: Oh sorry, you are fully stuck in the palimpsest.


Emily: Detect Thoughts?


Brennan: You cannot interact with the people outside of the palimpsest.


Emily: What about Detect Thoughts?


Siobhan: How do you get him out?


Emily: Do you have Detect Thoughts?


Siobhan: I do, can I,


Emily: Or Message? Or,


Zac: Are we still fighting right now?


Emily: Although, we don’t know.


Ally: No. It looks like it’s—


Brennan: The ghosts appear to be gone.


Zac: These guys are gone?


Brennan: Oh yeah,Ghosts disappear, and the arcade just returns to normal.


Ally: And Biz is just out? Fuck that bitch.


Siobhan: Can I, can you—


Emily: Wait is Biz's body there?


Zac: We just gotta—


Brennan: Yeah, it's on the ground.


Siobhan: You should stabilize,


Emily: I would like to kill Biz.

Siobhan: No! We should stabilize Biz because we need to get Riz out!


Ally: Let's kill him.


Emily: I think we kill him.


Siobhan: No!


Zac: I’m— I— 

Emily: And I think I take my hands on either ear, and then Burning Hands his brain.


Adaine: No, you cannot do that!


Zac: I'm gonna physically keep you from doing that.


Fig: C'mon, let me at him, I wanna Burning Hands his brain.


Gorgug: We need him so we can figure out what's going on. We gotta get Riz, let's just take Riz to my parents’ house.


Adaine: Okay, let's stabilize Biz, and fucking intimidate him to get him to get Riz out of this fucking thing.


Fig: I gotta use, I have Whispers of Terror.


Gorgug: Yeah let's just stabilize him, and then we'll intimidate him.


Fig: Well, I’ve gotta do something at some point.


Kristen: And maybe have him use what we have in front of us to get—


Fig: If I have Whispers of Terror.


Gorgug: Yeah, if we can.


Kristen: But he could— 

Gorgug: We've never been able to get someone out of a palimpsest.


Fabian: You didn't destroy the power source, we can.


Gorgug: We severed the cords. Yeah we have to.


Ally: Fucking fine, I'll stabilize him. One, he gets one.


Brennan: You go over to heal Biz, he's dead.


Emily: Good.


Brennan: He's fully-


Emily: I fucking piss on his body.


Brennan: I was rolling death saves over here while you guys were talking, fully dead.


Fig: Oh I know! I'm going to steal his soul.


Ally: I have Revivify.


Emily: I’ll Mantle of Whispers him—


Brennan: Revivify?


Emily: Nononono!


Brennan: Does that, does Revivify, do you have a third level spell slot left?


Ally: I think I do, yeah I have one left.


Brennan: Cool.


Siobhan: Wait, what does stealing his soul mean?


Zac: Do you wanna—


Ally: If we want to—


Emily: Wait, let me just say this real quick before we do this, Mantle of Whispers, I get their memories, for the time that I inhabit them.


Brennan: Only the memories that enable you to like casually, you don't get deep secrets with Mantle of Whispers.


Emily: Alright, I guess Revivify him then.


Ally: Would she would be able to, like, casually get someone out of a palimpsest, like just chill?


Siobhan: Yeah very cas, sups cas.


Brennan: If you wanna Revivify him you can.


Zac: We gotta,


Siobhan: Yeah.


Zac: We can kill him again if we really need to.


Adaine: We can kill him again, but let's make sure he's tied up and he can't speak again.


Emily: Can I tie his wings together?


Brennan: Sure.


Siobhan: And like maybe blindfold him as well so he can't see?


Ally: I kick him really hard in the nuts and then I revivify him.


Fabian: I still have those handcuffs from—


Murph: Oh my God!


Emily: Beating the fucking—


Adaine: Where'd you get those?


Fabian: Nevermind.


Emily: Literally his wings are tied together.


Kristen: Where'd you get handcuffs, you little freak?


Fabian: I mean they were-


Gorgug: Do it, revive him, he's gonna die.


Kristen: Revivify, pshhh.


Emily: I wanna pants him, so when he comes to life his pants are at his ankles.


Biz: What happened?


Kristen: You human equivalent to a snot ball.


Fig: Is he handcuffed?


Adaine: Oh my God, you are a little snot ball. Yeah he's handcuffed.


Emily: Okay so I wanna try, I'll just fucking try to cast Suggestion on him.


Brennan: Sure.


Emily: I'm gonna try to cast Suggestion on him. He has to do a Wisdom saving throw, and I wanna tell him to get Riz out of the palimpsest, or tell us how to get Riz out of the palimpsest.


Brennan: You see he goes,


Biz: You think,


Brennan: You see: He's got his little hands, are his hands in front of him or behind him when you cuff him?


Ally: We can do in front.


Brennan: You see he goes,
 

Biz: You think I'm so stupid, that I'm going to take this palimpsest, I'm going to walk it over to this port , put it into the port, type on here — 


Brennan: Riz appears in the room.


Biz: — And get Riz out of here, you're fucking— no!


Adaine: Wow, you're stupid.


Emily: I put my hands— 

Zac: Wait, wait, wait!

Murph: Grab her, grab her. I put my gun to his head.


Riz: Those girls are going to the AV club, what happens to them once they get there? Five, four, three, two,


Biz: I, I, I, please, please, please.


Murph: Shoot a finger off, bam.


Fabian: The Ball, God!


Biz: This is in no way okay!


Riz: What happens, what happens? Where's the girls?


Riz and Fabian and Biz: Five, four, three, two, one.


Murph: Bam, another finger off.


Riz: Where did the girls go?


Biz: I get excited by the counting and I help count!


Kristen: A, B, C, D—


Riz: Stop, everyone stop. We're gonna go slower this time. I'm gonna give you 20 full seconds to tell me, and this time I'm gonna blow your fucking head off. Did you just kill my friend? What did you do?


Emily: I Burning Hands his crotch.


Fabian: Guys, we turned into real bullies.


Riz: What happened to them?


Adaine: No, he's the bully.


Fig: He's a monster, I'm so mad at him.


Biz: There are rules against this. This is a war crime.


Riz: What happens to them?


Biz: This is a war crime.


Kristen: Yeah, we are in a war.


Gorgug: I'm about to cut your head off!


Kristen: What happens to Zelda and Penny?


Adaine: What. Happened. To. The Girls?


Biz: Okay, okay, the girls are downloaded, into a body, they're back in their bodies now okay.


Adaine: Their own bodies?


Biz: Their own bodies.


Riz: What?


Biz: The palimpsest is for storing them, beyond divination, okay, if I were to have a morsel such as yourself in a palimpsest-


Zac: Hard slap.


Emily: Oh my God!


Siobhan: I’m gonna punch him in the face.


Brennan: Fully unconscious, fully unconscious again.


 Adaine: Oh shit. Wait, heal him! Heal him!


Fig: Wait a second, this is a fucking spank bank. He's making a fucking spank bank, is that what he's doing?


Adaine: No, heal him, wake him up.


Gorgug: Riz, Riz!


Murph: I gotta use my healer kit to bring him back, give him one HP.


Ally: He gets 8 from me, we can hit him a few more times.


Biz: I'm not a bad guy.


Riz: You are an awful guy.


Adaine: Yes you are! You’re an absolute—


Riz: You're an awful guy.


Ally: Okay, I'm just gonna walk over here because I'm furious. 

Riz: What—


Emily: So mad.

Riz: Okay they get back in their bodies, what happens then?


Biz: Dude, girls never gave me a shot.


Riz: So they get back in their bodies, what happens now?


Fig: Riz, I'm telling you what happens. Tell me if this is incorrect, I'm Intimidating him.


Siobhan: I'm gonna cast Detect Thought so I can hear him as she asks questions.


Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Arcana check.


Ally: I'm biting my staff.


Fig: Tell me if this is correct. You are basically downloading them onto a computer, they go back into their bodies, but now you can do whatever you want with them, on some sort of computer.


Siobhan: I got a 21 Arcana check.


Brennan: A 21 Arcana check? You see the memory Biz has of downloading these young women. And there are memories of him deciding that this was a plan that he wanted to do, that this was like his big evil plan. That memory is false.


 Adaine: So somebody—


Fig: Somebody changed it, your sister Aelwyn.


Adaine: Fucking Aelwyn again, Goddammit.


Fig: This just got fucking pinned on him.


Adaine: Shit.


Kristen: And now we're all here.


Adaine: You suck, you know that right.


Biz: No, but I rule, dude.


Adaine: No, you absolutely don't.


Kristen: Oh, you're a virgin. She detected you're a virgin, huh.


Biz: Okay, I am—


Kristen: She uses that spell to target people that she can use.


Biz: I have a girlfriend in the Dune Fort and we've hooked up.


Gorgug: Blow your goddamn nose.


Adaine: Why can she use virgins?


Emily: I'm gonna, I feel really bad he was a pawn, so I take my hand and where I originally did Burning Hands and I do a Healing Word.


Brennan: You touch his dick?


Adaine: Stop touching his crotch.


Emily: No! It's Healing Word it's not touch, from afar.


Brennan: Okay. You see his dick glows for a second.


Fig: I'm so sorry, I didn't realize you were a fucking pawn.


Murph: I use my healer kit and just try to sew his fingers back on.

Riz: So sorry.


Murph: I do a d6 plus 4. I heal him for 8 while trying to fix his fingers.


Fig: We've been completely had by this.


Gorgug: But he still sucks.


Fabian: You shot off two of his fingers, The Ball, you have to live with that.


Kristen: Can we like go as fast as we can, can we go through this to get to.


Adaine: Hang on a second, Riz.


Biz: Biz.


Riz: I'm Riz.


Adaine: Biz, I'm sorry, it's very confusing. I'm reading your mind right now.


Biz: Okay.


Adaine: I want you to give me permission to delve deeper, to see if I can figure out who did this to you, okay?


Biz: Okay.


Adaine: Because you suck, but they suck more, okay.


Biz: Okay.


Adaine: Please don't think about anything creepy while I'm doing it.


Biz: Well now you've ruined that.


Adaine: Well fuck.


Biz: That's happening now.


Adaine: I just--


Biz: I wasn't there, I've just been shot and had my crotch burned off and then healed, and now you.


Adaine: How's your mom, Biz, is your mom good? Your grandma, is she cool?


Brennan: Is your Detect Thoughts active?


Siobhan: I may Detect Thoughts. So Detect Thoughts, surface they can't tell for deeper things they can tell, but he knows already.


Brennan: The intense sexual stuff he was just thinking about, and then you mentioning his mom, all you see is him riding his mom around with a little cowboy hat on.


Siobhan: Oh, god.

Ally: Oh, I was like, the fuck.


Siobhan: Oh my god.


Biz: You keep mentioning, you mention fucked up shit and then my mom, how was I not going to synthesize.


Adaine: Do you know my sister, Aelwyn?


Brennan: You go boom, and hit a place in his memory that's been sewn off.


Gorgug: Okay, what are the girls for?


Fig: He doesn't know, he thinks it's for some spank bank.


Adaine: What about Penelope Everpetal, anything in there?


Brennan: You dig deeper into his mind, you see Penelope talking to, he has a lot of memories speaking to Penelope.


Adaine: Why are you speaking to Penelope, she's cool?


Biz: I'm cool too.


Adaine gives Biz an “uh-huh, sure” look.


Brennan: You delve into his mind, finding these memories that have been cut out all over his mental imagery. You are able to trace this spell back, to the other day, before the Hudol party, meaning that these modifications to his memory were recent, and as a result of fear that somebody was getting close to discovering whatever this conspiracy was. Johnny Spells' burner phone pings.


Emily: I take it out, I take it out. Is it ringing or is it getting texts?


Brennan: It gets six messages.


Emily: Okay, I'll look at them. I turned the read receipts off a while ago.


Brennan: You see a picture of the Thistlespring tree. The Abernant home. The front door of Sklonda's apartment. The front door of Gilear's apartment. The Applebees residence and Seacaster Manor.


Ally: Like pictures of?


Brennan: Like pictures of them.


Emily: I say,


Fig: lol what


Ally: No!

Brennan: You see another text appear, this is from a number you don't recognize. It's not Zayn's phone. You see it says,

Unknown: Think very carefully about your next decisions.

Brennan: And that's all for this week on Fantasy High.

Siobhan: They can burn my fucking house down, I don't give a shit.

[EPISODE15]

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Fantasy High! My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. These are our intrepid heroes, say hi intrepid heroes.


All: Hi intrepid heroes.


Brennan: And this is our penultimate episode.

Brennan: Ooh, drop the pencil right at the beginning.


Zac: I'm freaking out.

Brennan: Last we left our heroes they were in the arcade of the Elm Valley mall with a mangled and wounded Biz Glitterdew, having just received a series of text messages, on Johnny Spells' burner. Pictures of your homes and the phrase, “be very careful about the choices you make next.” What do you guys do?


Fig: I say we go aggro. I say we say, "Let's meet up."


Kristen: Well who, okay,


Riz: He just knows where our parents live.


Kristen: Raise your hand if you really care about your parents?


Riz: I was gonna say we should maybe go get AV club ‘cause that's where, I care about my family.


Gorgug: I care about my parents.


Kristen: There’s only a couple of us!


Fig: I care about Gilear and Gorthalax.


Adaine: I care about Gorgug's family, and I guess yours.


Kristen: Yeah.


Riz: We all care about Gorgug's family.


Fabian: Of course, Kristen Applebees' brothers and sisters, I mean we cannot—


Kristen: Yeah, you’re right.


Fig: Not to mention everyone cares about Gilear.


Riz: Everyone cares about Gilear.


Kristen I don't care about Gilear.


Fabian: Yes of course, who will serve us pitiful lunches at Aguefort. No, but, I don't hate that idea.


Fig: Yeah, I feel like if someone is fucking with you then you let them know they can't fuck with you by fucking with them.


Kristen: Say name, a time and place.


Riz: Won't they just ambush us?


Gorgug: I feel like they'll kill our parents though.


Riz: Why don't we go to the AV club that's where the girls are that we just lost, and just got downloaded.


Fabian: We cannot go to that—


Gorgug: Maybe that's what the person means.


Fabian: Exactly, that what I'm afraid, they know what we've done.


Riz: So why don't we call our parents, and tell them—


Kristen: Aguefort is their place though, they have cameras on it.


Riz: I'll call my mom and tell her to keep an eye on Gilear, they'll be fine. Your dad’s a freaking—


Kristen: Let's all call our parents.


Gorgug: Let's get our parents to hang out together.


Riz: Yes, let's do that.


Fig: Yeah, let's get our parents to hang out together, and then I'll send a cowardly text back being like, please we'll do anything you want.


Kristen: Yeah, that’s great.


Fabian: Yes, I like, if anything let's play into their hand—

 
Riz: I think there's, let's arrange for a mixer at Strongtower Luxury Apartments.
 

Gorgug: A mixer?


Riz: Yeah, let's tell our parents to hang out.


Gorgug: Should we go to the grocery store and get--


Riz: No, we shouldn't get anything! Let's just have our parents go to Strongtower.


Adaine: Well no, cause that's one of the places. Why don't we send them to like--


Riz: Cause if they're all in the same place they can beat somebody up.


Adaine: —the ice cream store.


Fabian: Or they could all be killed.


Fig: Counterpoint. I don't trust all of your parents.


Adaine: Yeah I don't trust my parents, and I'm sorry, but I don't trust your parents.


Fabian: Alright, well,


Adaine: And I'm sorry, but I don't trust one of your parents?


Fig: My mom? Neither do I.


Riz: Cool, well the girls got downloaded to the AV club, or sent to the AV club server. So maybe we should—


Kristen: I think you're right. Let's go.


Gorgug: I'm going to call my mom and then we should go.


Adaine: Ask your mom who the hell it was that made, got her to make this power machine.


Kristen: Yeah, call your mom.


Fabian: Hold up, hold on, hold on, wait, we are not going to the AV club, alright. We don't know what this person is capable of. What they can do. I am not feeling comfortable--


Kristen: Can you go into disguise as Johnny Spells?


Fig: I would like to, they don't think I'm Johnny Spells. They know that we have the phone.


Siobhan: Is there a number--


Emily: I would like to, disguise myself right now as fearful or something like that. I would like to take on the—


Brennan: Just disguise yourself as a scared version of yourself?


Murph: So you just can act scared.


Lou: You’re an actress, Fig.


Emily: Yeah, but I'm saying I want to be authentically, I want to be performing as scared while I send the text.


Riz: Boo!


Fabian: Alright, that was surprising.


Fig: Riz, I'm a fucking German shepherd. You can't scare me.


Emily: While I just to be acting so scared while I send a text and say,


Fig: Please we'll do anything, what do you want from us?


Fabian: Yes, I love that.


Adaine: Is there a number on that phone that sent us the messages?


Gorgug: It's probably just another burner.


Fig: It's a number we haven't gotten a call, uh anything from yet.


Riz: It's an unknown number.


Kristen: Maybe call your parents and then we can find out what's up.


Zac: I'm going to call, Gorgug calls his parents.


Emily: I sent that text.


Brennan: You see Gorgug takes out his phone. Gorgug now has little crow’s feet at the edge of his eyes and a streak of white in the front of his hair. Little crow’s feet--


Adaine: You look really cool.


Gorgug: I feel older.


Ally: Sorry, you look like Jerri Blank.

Lou: Who?


Ally: From "Strangers with Candy".


Brennan: You look over as you’re calling your parents and see the little empty palimpsest where Zelda was moments ago. On the little structure.


Fig: Do you want to keep it?


Digby: Hello? Hey there bud, is that you? How did the fight go? Did you do it?


Gorgug: It went really bad.


Digby: Oh no.


Gorgug: Hey, who asked you to build this power device, this battery thing?


Digby: Oh well the owners of the arcade, of course.


Gorgug: Who are they?


Digby: One of the guy’s names was Frank.


Gorgug: Okay.


Fig: Ask the last name.


Gorgug: Do you remember any other details? Frank something, what's Frank's last name?


Digby: Dunford.


Gorgug: Dunford? Like, no, I don't know what that is.


Brennan: You look up on the wall and see there is a little photo in the arcade of a guy named Frank Dunford.


Riz: Just a dude?


Brennan: Who's like, excited to open the arcade.


Riz: Okay, just some guy.


Gorgug: Can we inspect to see if that guy is around here.


Riz: Let's investigate the Dunford painting. Uh, so much, 26.


Gorgug: Is that guy here? Could he be tied up somewhere?


Brennan: It looks like the owner of the arcade is just pumped to open an arcade.


Riz: Is just pumped to open it.


Gorgug: Hey, mom, dad, I don't know what's going on, but we, I don't think things are safe at the house. Should I tell them to go somewhere?


Kristen: Luxury Apartments.


Riz: Yeah go to the Stonetower— Strongtower Luxury Apartments.


Gorgug: Can you go to the Strongtower Luxury Apartments, and meet Riz's mom and Gilear.


Fig: And Gilear.


Digby: We'd love to. Alright, we'll see you later.


Gorgug: Okay, bye, be careful.


Ally: I text my parents,


Kristen: Can you meet me at the Strongtower Luxury Apartments?


Fig: Ah, don't bring your parents.


Brennan: You text your parents that. You see that, you a little ellipsis, and then a text back saying


The Applebees: Would've been nice to have you at Mass last Sunday.


Kristen: Fuck them. I wonder if that is a yes or a no.


Siobhan: I text my mom,

Adaine: do you even care where I am right now?


Brennan: There is no response forthcoming.


Adaine: God, I fucking hate her.


Riz: Cool, I'm going to call my mom and let her know people are coming. So, I call my mom.


Brennan: You go straight to voicemail.


Riz: Got it.


Fig: Can I call Gorthalax?


Brennan: You've sent him a couple texts and he hasn't answered back.


Fig: What the fuck, dad? I'm going to straight up call him.


Brennan: It rings for a little while and then,


Gorthalax: This is the voicemail of Gorthalax the Insatiable. I'm not available to take your call right now, but if you please leave your name and number I'll be happy to get back to you at my earliest convenience. Have a great day.


Fig: You'd never believe that he was trapped in a ruby for so long. He's just taken to modern traditions so well.


Fabian: Well, he got the chance, he’s right back at it.


Kristen: That's great, I think we should go to the AV club.


Murph: I'll leave my mom a voicemail and I say,


Riz: Hey Mom, got some threatening text messages with pictures of the apartment and such. I'm not worried about you but Gilear probably can't defend himself. If you can get back to the Strongtower Luxury Apartments and maybe look after the gnomes and Gilear that'd be great.


Fig: Gilear's got a little knife.


Riz: Gilear's got a little knife. Bye Mom, love you.

Brennan: Cool. You guys see that Biz is there in handcuffs and looking morose. You guys are in the back room of this arcade. What do you do next?


Riz: Let's go to the AV club.


Adaine: Have we gotten anything back from this phone number?


Emily: Have I gotten anything back after I sent that?

Brennan: Nope.


Gorgug: Let's just go to the AV Club. I know it doesn't seem like a good idea but—


Brennan: You guys walk out past the shattered glass with the different arcade prizes in there.


Murph: I'll investigate them. 21.


Siobhan: I'll do that too. I'll do an Arcana check on what is in there, 26.


Brennan: I mean these are the dopest magical items you've ever seen—


Kristen: Alright let's go to the AV club.


Fig and Adaine: Yeah, yeah.


 Kristen: We have Biz with us right? We're taking him.


Fabian: Can I take the shoes as well? Can I take this stuff?


Murph: Anything that would be armor or weapons or anything I'd like to grab.


Brennan: You find the stuff that is the most magical. There is about six items in here that are,


Emily: How convenient.


Siobhan: How convenient.


Brennan: How convenient! That are powerfully magical. All the other shit is sort of janky whatever.


Murph: Dope.


Brennan: But here they all are right here.

Ally: Ooooookay.


Murph: Plus one to AC and saves, this is pretty good.


Siobhan: A Teddy Bear of Help.


Emily: Headphones of Solitude--


Brennan: You guys don't know what this stuff does 'cause you haven't cast an Identify spell on it yet. What you guys see is a dope set of headphones, a rad skateboard, this cool little teddy bear that about this big, a little tiny teddy bear, a dope pair of sneakers, a black short sword that Fabian already grabbed, and a mithril snap bracelet.


Siobhan: I mean I'll bite. I'll cast an Identify spell on this shit.

Identify Spell: Hoo baby, six items. This will be a heavy lift for the Identify spell. Ah yes, the Sword of Shadows. Crafted by Tabaxi ninja in ages long past, the sword may summon the spirits of shadow warriors to help its owner go unmolested by assailants. The Teddy Bear of Helpfulness. Forged by gnomish warlocks in ages long past, the Teddy Bear of Helpfulness is able to focus on maintaining spell energy that usually requires a caster’s full concentration. The Sneakers of Dunking, forged from the heart of a dying star by seven elite fashion magi who gave their life to complete the sneakers. These bad boys are wildly expensive, and enable the wearer to jump ridiculous distances in a single bound. The Headphones of Solitude, crafted by Agatha the Lonely, these headphones abjure the wearer against any outside noise. Protecting them against arcane attacks of the sonic variety. The Skateboard of Sickness. This rad deck was crafted by dwarves deep in the pipes of Calimoria, and grants the user not only swiftness but abilities to impress one's peers. And finally, the Mithril Snap Bracelet of Protection. This absolutely gorgeous, yet tasteful artifact was first given by Ildanry the Wise to her BFF Lou-Ellen the Fair when she was heading out of town for the weekend, and Ildanry wanted to make sure that she would be alright. As legend had it, she was. This has been, if I may say so, the best use of the Identify spell.

Adaine: Thank you so much Identify spell.


Identify Spell: It's nice to be recognized for one's efforts.

Fabian: You don't have to thank it. It’s a service.


Riz: The skateboard doesn't help me at all.


Kristen: I think it helps me, I could dash to heal someone.


Fig: I think you’re going to want that.


Riz: This needs to be a spell person. This does nothing for--


Adaine: That's true. I have a lot of concentration.


Fig: It concentrates on a spell for you? What does that mean?


Fabian: It just, you don't have to con--


Gorgug: Oh, your Bless is a concentrate right?


Adaine: So you can do two Blesses.


Fig: Don't we want the dash for her though?


Riz: Do you guys have spell specific ones? I could use the rapier, the shoes, or the bracelet.


Siobhan: This is plus one to AC and saves.


Emily: I wonder if I should take the, what's everyone's AC like.


Ally: My AC’s fine.


Siobhan: My AC is 12.


Murph: I mean an AC 12 is bad.


Brennan: As you guys are walking out of the mall. Sort of talking about all these artifacts. You guys leave with Biz in tow, and you guys see up above you, 'cause you got outside of the mall. You hear choppers and the parking lot is full of cops. You hear a voice speaking over the loudspeaker saying,


Loudspeaker User: Stand where you are. Hands in the air. Don't move.


Fabian: I guess we do what they say.


Riz: Cool.


Kristen: Okay, should we split up and have someone who can hide go to the AV club?


Riz: I don’t think we’re splittin’ up.


Fig: What if I just disguise myself as someone else and I go get arrested for this? And then you guys break me out of jail.


Riz: There's helicopters and stuff--


Lou: We all put our hands up.


Fabian: We're coming. We are compliant in whatever you are requesting.


Brennan: You guys see behind you, some guys rappel down up above you to block your exits back into the mall.


Fig: Okay.


Brennan: You see that an agent, a half-elven woman walks forward. She's got her hair long and back in these sort of braids, sunglasses, dark suit, arquebus at her hip. She steps forward and says,


Agent Worrel: Figueroth Faeth, Gorgug Thistlespring, Adaine Abernant, Fabian Aramaris Seacaster, Kristen Applebees, Riz Gukgak.


Fig: It's actually Figueroth Faeth the Insatiable.


Agent Worrel: You're all under the arrest for the murder of Johnny Spells.


Kristen: What?


Fig: Who?


Brennan: You see that, behind the woman, you see your mom steps out and goes,


Sklonda: Agent Worrel, if I can talk to you for a second. We, these kids go to the Adventuring Academy.


Brennan: You see that Agent Worrel turns around and says,


Agent Worrel: I don't know what the fuck is going on in this town. I get a sheet a couple of days ago, that a man's car was stolen and he was shot in the back of the head with a crossbow in broad daylight. And that a coach was murdered in the middle of the field. Trespassing--


Riz: There was a demon portal there too though, right?


Adaine: He was attacking us.


Riz: You remember the demon portal that was there?


Fig: This is a little unprofessional to be so emotional at work.


Agent Worrel: Oh, I'm sorry, there was a demon portal! That's how laws work, right?


Gorgug: What do you mean?


Agent Worrel: That's how you run a civilization?


Riz: Do you want the apocalypse to happen?


Agent Worrel: You can't murder people!

 

Adaine: I mean I have diplomatic immunity, so this whole conversation is honestly pretty moot.


Brennan: You see another agent step out and says,


Agent: As a matter of fact, Ms. Abernant, your nation is currently at war with our nation.


Fig: I'm not afraid to go to jail, so yeah, we'll make some friends. 

Kristen: I am.

Fabian: I mean, I’m— We can work this out. My name is Fabian Seacaster, I'm the son of Bill Seacaster.


Agent Worrel: I don't know what kind of fucking kooky little town you have here where children bang down a highway shooting weaponry at other people--


Adaine: Allegedly.


Agent Worrel: Alright, cuff 'em, cuff 'em.


Emily: I cast Darkness around all of us.

Brennan: Your spell is immediately Counterspelled by a cop mage. You see he goes, and blows some runes off his fingers, and goes,


Cop Mage: Still got it.


Fig: What is he? Is he a dwarf.


Brennan: No, he looks like a gnome.


Fig: Okay, not my type.

Brennan: You guys are brought into custody.

 
Kristen: Great, cool.


Fabian: Cool, cool


Adaine: Really so cool.


Fabian: I love going to jail.


Brennan: You guys are brought to the prison cell. Where you see this incredible rap sheet with camera footage of you guys, from the diner's camera, with you guys stealing this car and firing weapons on the tieflings behind you. Trespassing on the Durinson Mithril Factory, attacking Coach, the fight at the Black Pit where they have the CCTV of you guys running up and killing DJ Brainzz in the middle of the combat, all of the shit you have been doing. You can just hear this sort of federal agent, who is representative of the Council of Chosen, talking to the cops. You see one of the local cops goes like,


Cop: I mean, you know, they're from the Adventuring Academy, normally we just kind of look the other way when this stuff happens.

Brennan: You see the agent rubbing the bridge of her nose. Going,


Agent Worrel: I cannot believe this is how this town has been running. This is a fucking nightmare.


Brennan: She gets up and leaves. You guys are all in your holding cell. You guys have a little bit of privacy in your holding cell.


Siobhan: We're all in the same cell?


Brennan: You're all in the same cell together. You see that there is some sort of cop sitting on a little counter talking he goes,


Cop: Alright guys, you know we got a couple of federal mages that are helping out with a keeping an eye these kids. Just want to say, to kind of clear the air here gang, hasn't been a great week for the precinct. You know, we kind of let this one come in and visit a suspect we were holding.


Fig: How did you guys know?


Cop: We watched the tapes later. And then we got hit by that team of elven assassins, that kind of strike force, and we lost, we lost another prisoner there.


Kristen: And some evidence it sounds like.


Cop: We had our evidence locker broken into and a palimpsest went missing. Has not been a real banner time for the precinct. So, let's try and can we just keep those lines of communication open.


Kristen: Was there anything else stolen other than the palimpsest?


Cop: Hmm?


Kristen: When the palimpsest was stolen by the strike force.


Cop: Like what?


Kristen: Anything else, I'm just wondering?


Ally: Can I do like an Investigation check?

Cop: Honestly, I goofed and kind of misplaced the files of what we had in the inventory there. So we gotta find that. Guys, keep an eye out for that inventory, if you can. We'll do our best, but you know, thank you guys for helping out, eh. Okay.

Brennan: And you see that he sort of addresses the other cops. They break and go off in their own different directions.


Siobhan: Can I do an investigation check of this cell to see if there is any levers or little holes with keys in or—

Brennan: Sure, go for it.


Siobhan: Messages on the walls or anything like that. Uh, 23.


Brennan: You do not see any little levers or holes in the wall or anything else like that.


Siobhan: There no like--


Fabian: We're stuck here, guys.


Emily: Is there no one within reach of us? There is no one else that we can see or talk to?


Brennan: Another cop comes over with your meals and checks in on you guys.


Cop: Uh, if you guys want to make your phone call, you are free to do that,


Brennan: As he hands you a little crystal through the bars.


Fabian: Yes, please. I'll take that.


Kristen: Call your dad.

Fabian: I would like to call my father.


Brennan: You give your dad a ring. You see that the phone rings for a little while then,


Bill: Yarrr, this be Bill Seacaster.


Fabian: Hello papa, well, you see I'm currently in jail, with my friends. We got caught in the middle of a failed battle, you see. We could use some assistance in getting out.


Bill: Aye, you're in the brig now, are you.


Fabian: Yes, it would seem that way.


Bill: Right. I'll come by.


Fabian: Thank you, Papa.


Bill: Do you know what they've posted your bail at?


Fabian: I am not aware, but I can check.


Bill: You try to escape?


Fabian: Uh, yes we have.


Bill: Alright.

Brennan: The phone hangs up.


Fig: I could still keep trying.


Adaine: Oh yeah, I'm still going to keep trying.


Fabian: Guys, nobody needs to worry about it, my father is on the way. He'll handle everything.


Brennan: Uh, you guys are in this jail. You look out to a sort of gray cloudy day out there. Sort of miasma of dread has settled over the town. Talk of war with Fallinel, general sort of early March kind of rainy time out there. You see that the cop asks you guys,


Cop: Alright anyone else want to make their call?


Riz: I mean, I'd also, yeah.


Gorgug: I guess I'll call my parents and see if they got to your house.


Riz: Well my mom is for sure busy, I should probably call my mom.


Fig: I'd like to call.


Gorgug: Maybe someone here can tell you what your mom is doing.


Kristen: Yeah can you just talk to your mom in person?


Murph: Hey, is my mom just around?


Brennan: Your mom comes over to the jail cell and goes,


Sklonda: hey kiddo, how's it going?


Riz: I mean bad, I'm in jail.


Sklonda: Yeah, I'm so sorry about this. The truth is that, you know, Arthur Aguefort, when he was alive handled these things. He had some kind of connection with the government or something like that. This just never came up. I mean, you know, it's obviously not great to selectively apply laws to people but you're adventurers, you're from the Academy. The whole point is that you're largely criminal vigilantes, that's what the school is for.


Fig: Thank you.


Sklonda: I'm going to try my best to see if we can handle this. Nothing is going to happen quickly so I think it’s best if you guys just hang tight.


Riz: Cool.


Sklonda: And I'm real sorry kiddo.


Murph: Okay, and then I say in Goblin,


Riz: Is there any way out of this cell?


Brennan: You see that she says,


Sklonda: No. The feds have investigated everything but we're going to take care of it, don't worry.


Riz: Cool, thanks Mom.


Brennan: She heads out. You call the Thistlesprings?


Zac: Yes.


Ally: Can I be reading this book of world religions?


Brennan: Yeah, you're just sitting there. You see another prisoner down the cell block goes like,


Prisoner: Yeah, that's good. If you find religion in here you can get out earlier most of the time.


Kristen: Really?


Prisoner: Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Kristen: What was the true one that you found?


Prisoner: What?


Kristen: What's, did you find the true religion?


Prisoner: I don't think there is a true religion. I think it’s a subjective thing. I think it’s relative to each person. Don't say you worship the god of thieves because you get right back, you know.


Kristen: Yeah, I can see that.


Prisoner: I did that my first time. And you learn the hard way, you know what I mean?


Fig: Want a smoke?


Prisoner: Hell yeah.


Fig: I roll them myself, cloves, herbal.


Prisoner: I'm good, thank you.


Brennan: You see that, you call the Thistlesprings on the phone?


Digby: Well, hey there, bud how's it going?


Gorgug: Hey, just making sure you got over to the apartments.


Digby: Oh sure, we're over here with Gilear right now. We're having a great time.


Gorgug: But really though?


Digby: What's that? Yeah, for sure. We're just singing a little song to him.

Gorgug: What are you singing to him?


Brennan: You hear your mom in the background saying,


Wilma: When you start to feel real sad, it’s probably because you just feel mad. Just remember, we're Gorgug's mom and dad, and then you should be a better dad


Gorgug: Oh God, okay.


Fig: Is that Gilear crying in the background?


Gilear: I don't deserve to be mocked this way in my own home. Please take the turkey crackers you’ve already had bites of, and see yourself out.


Gorgug: Don't listen to him. Just stay there mom. Alright? Okay. I'll talk to you later, I just wanted to make sure you were safe.

Gilear: Perhaps I should go.


Brennan: You see that they hang up.


Kristen: You didn't want to tell them you were in jail?


Gorgug: I don't know.


Siobhan: Can I call Principal Goldenhoard?


Emily: Ooh.


Murph: Hmm, that’s a good one.


Brennan: Yeah, for sure.


Siobhan: Great.


Brennan: You can call his office.


Siobhan: Yeah I will try and call his office.


Brennan: That happens next day because he is probably not in the office at night.


Siobhan: Oh right, it’s nighttime, dang.


Brennan: I'll go ahead and say that you guys spend the night in jail. The next morning comes, no word from Bill yet. But you can use your phone call to call the office.


Siobhan: Great.


Vice Principal Goldenhoard: Hello and good morning. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking to?


Adaine: Hello Principal, this is Adaine Abernant. We have gotten—


Fig: Don't tell him I'm here.


Adaine: We've gotten arrested for things that we were supposed to have been doing in school.


Goldenhoard: You've been arrested for murder, trespassing, thievery, and other various—


Adaine: The things that the school teaches, yes.


Goldenhoard: —side effects of the adventurer’s life.


Riz: Hellmouths and stuff, you know, saving the world.


Adaine: Yeah, all the hellmouths and stuff.


Goldenhoard: This is so frustrating, Arthur had a way of handling all these things. Look, I'm going to dip into his personal library. I don't like to go in there. There is a lot of...

Adaine: Spicy stuff, I read his autobiography—


Goldenhoard: Really raw sexual things in there that make me frankly uncomfortable. I'll see what I can do. Don't speak to any prosecutors without a lawyer, and if you get a chance make a break for it. Go ahead and kill whoever you have to kill to get out, and we'll pay for the resurrections, alright?

Adaine: Thank you so much, that's exactly what we were thinking of doing.


Goldenhoard: Well, I'm very glad to hear that there are some students here that still know how to live the adventurer's life.


Adaine: We love this school so much, and we've learned so much in the past year.


Goldenhoard: That really is touching. I have to say, I was worried about you lot with the detention on the first day, but I'm very proud of all the progress you've made. I'm going to go—


Gorgug: Can I ask something?


Adaine: Yeah.


Gorgug: I'm asking you guys before you ask him, but can we ask him,


Adaine: Sorry, just a sec.


Gorgug: to look in the trashcan of Arthur Aguefort?


Fig: That's what I was going to say, chuck ‘em in the bin.


Adaine: Professor before we go, can you look at Professor Aguefort's trashcan and see if there is anything weird in there or under there or around there. We just got a clue-


Fig: RIP, may he rest in peace, of course.


Gorgug: Yeah obviously.


Adaine: Yeah, RIP.


Ally: RIP.


Brennan: You see he says,


Goldenhoard: In his trashcan?


Adaine: His trashcan.


Goldenhoard: May I ask why?


Adaine: It was a clue.


Goldenhoard: A clue? Very well, I shall take a look as soon as I can.


Adaine: Thank you so much.


Goldenhoard: You are welcome.


Brennan: He hangs up. You guys see that, a few moments later, a few minutes later in the day, Sandra Lynn walks in, your mom.


Fig: Hey Mom. How's Gorthalax?


Sandra Lynn: Hey sweetie, I heard the news you were in jail. Gorthalax is not doing great. We had a conversation, early yesterday. He came over the night before, and after that we spoke. I had to sort of break the news to him that there was not going to be a chance of us being together.

Kristen: Did you guys have sex?


Fabian: Kristen!


Riz: Kristen what are you doing?

Kristen: I'm sorry, I thought maybe we were all wondering.


Riz: We don't care.


Fabian: No we are not.


Fig: They definitely did it, I know they did it.


Fabian: We are all wondering but it’s rude to ask.


Kristen: I'll just get back to my book.


Riz: Read, please.


Kristen: That's a yeah, right?


Fabian: Stop.


Sandra Lynn: He took the news pretty hard, and he left and I haven't been able to reach him. I think it’s, it seems possible that he went back to Hell.


Fig: But, they were going to demote him in hell. Also, I'm here.


Sandra Lynn: I'm so sorry, kiddo.


Fig: You scared him away. You rejected him so now he's not in my life once again? Are you the one that put him in that ruby to begin with?


Sandra Lynn: I didn't put him in the ruby to begin with sweetie. That was Arthur. I'm sorry.


Fig: Well, I'm assuming that you came to say you know how to get us out. 'Cause you're so sorry that you scared away my dad for a second time.


Sandra Lynn: I'm helping Sklonda try to find a way to get you guys out of here. I don't know if your dad will be coming back. I wanted you to have these now that you know.


Brennan: And she hands you a little picture book of old crystal polaroids. You see that there's pictures of your mom and Gilear when they were young. Your mom was an insane elf ranger rocker. She has leather studded wrist guards and bracers. She has all of these badass weapons. Short sides on the hair, like a mohawk. She looks like a lunatic, and you see Gilear there in a short button-up. Not as bald, but still sort of a far back hairline. Kind of looking square. There's pictures of her and Gorthalax at concerts and stuff like that, and you see a young Gorthalax and your mom.


Fig: Why are you giving these to me?


Sandra Lynn: Cat's out of the bag, you deserve to know.


Fig: So you just had this all along?


Sandra Lynn: I didn't know you'd sprout the horns. I thought we’d make it through. I'm going to try and get you guys out of here.


Brennan: She turns around and leaves. And you can't help but notice a strong similarity between the way you look now and the way your mom looked as a young woman.


Fig: Guys, I always thought I had daddy issues, but I'm starting to think I have mommy issues.


Adaine: I think you have a bunch of issues.


Riz: Just issues, period.


Fabian: Just issues.


Kristen: A layered cake of issues.


Adaine: Don't get us wrong, we really like you.


Riz: Friend issues, daddy issues, mommy issues.


Fabian: You're trying to hook up with a 24 year old, grown man with a medical degree.


Fig: Trying? I'm successfully. I'm successfully kissing him once every couple of weeks.


Riz: The vice principal,


Adaine: I mean deception is very creepy.


Kristen: Once every couple of weeks.


Adaine: Also you’re flirting with the principal.


Brennan: Later that day, you hear the stomping boots and swishing this green and gold cloak, Bill Seacaster walks up and says,


Bill: Right, let's have it open then.


Fabian: Finally.


Brennan: You see that one of the cops opens the cell. He walks in, everyone here make a perception check.


Murph: Not good.


Zac: Nat 1.


Lou: For the first time in the whole game, 18.


Ally: Hell yeah, 19.


Emily: I got a 20.


Siobhan: Yeah I got a 10.


Murph: 7.


Lou: Okay, it’s still not the best but it’s better than ever.


Brennan: So Gorgug, you just rolled a nat one. You've met Bill Seacaster so many times.

Lou: Don't fucking do this.

Brennan: You realize it makes perfect sense now. It feels like things are coming to a head, your story's almost sort of unwinding, it’s unfolding. This makes sense. You're all on the Owlbears with Fabian. You and Fabian joined the same group. If you're not brothers, all it would require was Bill Seacaster to have a child with an orcish woman. How unlikely would that be? Bill Seacaster sailed all around the world. Of course he found an orcish woman! This was years ago, oh my god dude, Bill--

Gorgug: Father!


Fabian: What, who are you talking to?


Bill: What do you know?

Gorgug: Wait, are you my dad?


Fabian: Papa.


Bill: Are you my son?


Fabian: Papa, no way.


Riz: Is this real?


Gorgug: Are you my dad? You would know better than I would.


Riz: Have you ever been with an orcish woman?


Bill: Hundreds.


Fabian: Of course he has.


Gorgug: Why would you kill me?


Adaine: Why would you know that?


Bill: Nobody surprises me with information I wasn't expecting.


Gorgug: I was just making a guess. It just seems like it’s true.


Fabian We are not brothers.


Gorgug: We could be twins.


Bill: Twins from two different wombs!


Gorgug: Yeah.


Fabian: Both of you stop, Papa!


Bill: Well, leave it to Bill Seacaster to sire twins in two different women!


Fabian: No, Papa, everyone needs to stop. Everyone needs to stop. No one is, you're not my brother. You can't do that, Papa, you can do anything but you can't do that. Anyway—


Fig: What if my mom is your mom with Bill Seacaster?


Fabian: Do not support this.


Brennan: He says,


Bill: Well, that's right. I have only one son in this room right now.


Gorgug: Me?


Bill: No.


Brennan: Those of you who rolled a 20 or higher on your perception,


Emily: I did.

Brennan: You see in Bill Seacaster's pocket, a lump and peeking out through the top of it you see a crystal palimpsest.


Brennan: He looks at you and says,


Bill: So me boy, you've found yourself here in the brig with your friends.


Fabian: Yes, papa. We were out crusading around town and you know better than anyone that adventures catch up with you at some point.


Bill: Do they now? 'Cause they never caught up with me. I took all my wealth, dragged my ship up out of the sea, and put it here to give you the best chance you could get.


Emily: I would like to try and Sleight of Hand it out of his pocket.


Brennan: Go ahead and make the check.


Emily: I got a 19.


Brennan: You guys see Fig pull a crystal palimpsest out of Bill Seacaster's pocket.


Kristen: Aaah, um— did you ever have sex with anyone?


Gorgug: What'd you say?


Kristen: I'm sorry, I'm going wild.


Fabian: Stop asking my father--


Bill: It begins at the ripe old age of nine.


Fabian: Father!


Kristen: No adults will talk to me about this. My parents just say it doesn't happen until you are married, and all of a sudden you know everything.


Riz: Do you think he’s gonna give you—


Fabian: This is not the time.


Kristen: Sorry.


Bill: Oh, it’s not the time?


Fabian: No, it’s not the time Papa.


Bill: Not the time for what?


Fabian: Not the time to be educating my friends on your sexual endeavors alright. Get us out of this goddamn jail cell.


Bill: Oh, you'll raise your voice at me now, will you!


Fabian: Yes I will Papa!


Bill: I tried to give you the best life, and all it did was make you soft. Do you know something? I know just why you are not like me! It’s because I would never let any man speak to me the way I’m speaking to you right now!


Brennan: And he shoves you.


Lou: I would like to attempt to grapple him.

Zac: Is he in our cell?


Brennan: He is in the cell with you.


Lou: Yeah, I would like to fight him.


Brennan: Go ahead and give me an opposed athletics. You need to beat a 19.


Lou: Not even close. Do I get advantage? Can I jump to him?


Riz: Jump, jump, jump.


Brennan: Yeah go ahead. If you jump at him, go for it.


Lou: Uh, didn't help. I can't beat my father.

Brennan: You leap and he takes you to the ground. Gets you on your back and you see he says,


Bill: Are ye a Seacaster or aren't yah boy?!


Brennan: You see he goes,


Bill: Look at you, look at you here, in this prison! I told you what you needed to do! You didn't need to be friends. You didn't need to be nancing around with your peers. You're a captain.

Brennan: He hits your head into the floor.


Bill: You are meant to lead, boy!


Ally: Can I make a perception check on all this?


Brennan: Go for it.


Ally: That was a 17.


Brennan: Uh, 17, you see that yeah Fig has pulled his palimpsest from his coat. He is rolling on the floor with Fabian. He's got you pinned. You can attempt to escape the pin, or you can attempt to make an attack.


Lou: I would like to make an attack from within the pin.


Ally: Is he himself though? This is like a new Seacaster.


Murph: Is this a kill each other fight or is this a wrestling fight right now?


Brennan: Seems like a wrestling fight right now. Go ahead and roll your attack.


Fabian: I'm not going to get involved until he's actually in danger.


Lou: Great, 26.


Brennan: Yeah, that will do it.


Lou: Okay great.


Brennan: If you want to take another attack you can as well.


Lou: Oh great, that’s, 12.


Brennan: First one hits. You see on his back, Fabian cocks a fist back and right across Seacaster's jaw. His eye patch fucking swivels on his head, and he flops to the ground next to you.


Lou: I'd like to get on top of him and give him one more.


Brennan: Go for it.


Lou: Great, 18.


Brennan: That'll do it.


Lou: Great.


Brennan: You get on top of him. Some teeth scatter across the floor. You see he goes, Bill Seacaster spits out blood, wipes his mouth, and laughs, slowly, ominously. He attempts to try and get up.


Lou: I'm going to hit him again.


Brennan: Go for it.


Murph: Oh god.


Lou: Uh, 26.


Brennan: You go and you see he goes unconscious.


Lou: I'd like to get up and go walk off into the corner.

Emily: Does he have, I'm going to search his pockets for--


Riz: What is this palimpsest thing?


Fig: I'm trying to hide it guys, let’s be discreet about it.


Kristen: I checked his pulse, he's knocked out.


Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Magic? I would like to see if there is anything going on.


Brennan: You don't detect any magic. This appears to be Bill Seacaster.


Siobhan: Okay, but he doesn't have any magical objects buzzing?


Brennan: I mean his eyepatch is magical. His rapier is magical. His coat is magical. He's an adventurer.


Emily: Do you want to Identify?


Zac: Can we investigate this?


Emily: Can I investigate this palimpsest?


Brennan: Yeah go for it.


Siobhan: With my Detect Magic can I see who's trapped in it?


Emily: 14.


Brennan: There is no one trapped in it currently. It looks like a blank palimpsest.


Fig: Guys, we have spent all of our lives some of us more that others, obsessed with our dads, and we've completely ignored our moms.


Adaine: You're just again talking about yourself.


Fig: Do you see what's happening? I'm watching Fabian literally beat up his dad.


Adaine: He has a great relationship with his mom.


Gorgug: I don't know, my mom's fine.


Murph: Can we check his pockets and see if there is anything else weird there?


Brennan: Sure, give me Investigate.


Murph: Uh, 16.


Brennan: You just find stuff in there. So he has the palimpsest, but there is other stuff in there that appears to be like gold coins and other stuff like that. You see that he has little bank slips from KVX.


Murph: Okay, I'll grab those.


Brennan: After a moment, you see that a cop walks back into the room. Sipping a little—


Emily: I pocket my crystal.


Brennan: —can of soda and goes,


Cop: God dang! This is why I am supposed to stay in the room.


Brennan: You see he comes in, and grabs Bill Seacaster's body. Drags it out and says,


Cop: I tell ya we got to shape things up around here because boy we've had a lot of goofs recently, you know what I mean, okay.


Emily: I would like to cast Suggestion on him.


Brennan: Go for it.


Emily: I tell him,


Fig: When I ask for it you'll give me the key to the door.


Gorgug: I think we could just leave right now.


Adaine: Aren't we bailed out?


Emily: Oh, we are?


Brennan: You see that he drags Seacaster out, closes the door, locks it, and goes,


Cop: Uh sure, do you work for the Feds?


Fig: Yeah.


Cop: Okay.


Brennan: You see that he walks, he takes Bill Seacaster out of the office. You hear a moment of silence and then you hear,


Agent Worrel: God damn it! No she doesn't work for us, she's in the cell! What is wrong, what is actually wrong? Someone explain to me. In a way that I can understand how this happened.


Brennan: Bill Seacaster is dragged out of there.


Kristen: Sorry about your dad.


Lou: Is his eye patch still, did his eye patch go flying?


Brennan: It did not go flying. It just swung around his head.


Zac: Can I, I'm just frustrated, Can I look at the window, the bars on the window?


Brennan: Sure.


Zac: Do I need to make an Investigate, I'm just going to go in a rage and try to pull the--


Emily: So we are still in here, right? We're all still stuck in here?


Murph: Yeah.


Fig: Why don't I Dimension Door one of, two of us out?


Riz: Hell yeah.


Fabian: You will die.


Fig: Why?


Riz: I'm not going to sit in this cell the whole time.


Zac: I'm going to go into a rage and try to strength check, just open this.


Brennan: Go for it.


Riz: Yeah we got to get the hell out of here.


Zac: I rolled a, what's my Strength, is it a saving throw or just regular Strength?


Brennan: It’s just regular Strength.

Zac: Okay, but I have advantage 'cause I'm raging. Okay, so 14. 

Brennan: You cannot pull the bars apart.


Riz: Alright Fig, if you can get me out of here I can steal the keys off that dude, he's not smart.


Adaine: You're tiny though right? Can't you get through the bars?


Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Arcana check, real quick.


Siobhan: Great. 19.


Brennan: You see that there is an abjurative ward on the jail cell. That's an arcane spell sink. So, spell energy goes.


Murph: Can I try to squeeze through the bars?


Brennan: Yeah you can try to squeeze through, go for it.


Murph: That's not going to work, Acrobatics, 16.


Brennan: Unfortunately, no. You guys, you hear no more word from Bill Seacaster. You guys spend days here. Until you are eventually brought to your own cells that are all on the same block so you can keep talking to each other.


Siobhan: Shit.


Brennan: Days turn into a couple weeks.


Ally: Fuck.


Lou: Jesus.


Emily: Okay, well guys I have to do something then. So we have to do some kind of shenanigans. I'm going to disguise myself as one of, as the elven woman.


Brennan: Cool.


Emily: Who's the lead prosecutor, and I'm going to start making a ruckus and be like,


Fig: That little bitch got away! She got away!


Brennan: You see that one of the cops looks and says,


Cop: Oh my god, she got away!


Fig: That little bitch, I went in to go have conversation with her—


Brennan: You see another cop comes up and says,


Cop: Whoa, whoa, whoa, ey, question for you, if she got away, why did you get into the jail cell, you know?


Fig: Because she pushed me in. Because she's a crafty adorable little girl.


Kristen: She got you bitch.


Cop: Alright, let's get her.


Brennan: They just open fire in the jail, running down the hallway.


Fig: Oh quick, wait, let me out of here.


Cop: We got to get her now!


Emily: I chase after them, to try and get the--


Brennan: Oh, they didn't open the door. They just run down the hallway shooting wildly in the air.


Riz: You guys are terrible!


Ally: Is there like a dog somewhere that I can like shove a bone to.


Brennan: You guys hear, at the end of the hallway. A little dog with a key. You guys hear, at the end of the hall,


Agent Worrel: God damn it! You idiots! Call a medic!


Cop: Oh geesh lady, sorry I shot you in the leg there.


Agent Worrel: Why are you opening fire!


Riz: I'm a medic.


Cop: This guy seems like he's got some kind of medic.

Agent Worrel: He doesn't! Anything down there is prisoners. No more—

Fig: That's her! I am the real, I am the real one!


Murph: I have a Healer feat, I am actually a medic, so.


Ally: Can I talk to the woman?


Brennan: Yes you can.


Ally: Can I like call her over?


Kristen: Hey, um—


Emily: I'm still looking like her and eyeing her.


Kristen: I'm aware, I am like an active suspect and I've been in here for so long, but I know a lot about the people that you are trying to find. 'Cause I grew up in a very religious house so if you need any help or—


Agent Worrel: Who am I trying to find?


Kristen: Shouldn't you tell me?


Agent Worrel: I found the people I am trying to find. It’s the six of you.


Kristen: There are people--


Adaine: We are children.

 
Kristen: There are evil people out there.


Agent Worrel: I am the head of the juvenile department.


Zac: Can I roll Insight on this?


Brennan: Yes.


Riz: I'm 14, how am I in a regular jail?


Zac: 18.


Agent Worrel: Because the child jail—


Brennan: What's that?


Zac: 18 Insight check.


Brennan: She just looks like a hardass federal agent. She looks at you and says,


Agent Worrel: So, I am the fake me and you are the real me?


Fig: You know what—


Agent Worrel: Cool, what's my name? What's your name?


Fig: Your name—


Agent Worrel: What's your name?


Fig: My name—


Agent Worrel: What's your name?


Fig: I'm a- Katie—


Agent Worrel: What? Katie?


Fig: Katie—


Agent Worrel: Are you sure it’s Katie? Would you bet your life on Katie?


Fig: Yeah I fucking would, 'cause I'm not afraid to die 'cause you've pigs have had me locked up!


Agent Worrel: My name is Angela Worrel! And you're an idiot! As is every cop in this precinct.


Gorgug: You're a pig!


Ally: I hand her a ripped out page from my crazy world religion book. That has the Harvestmen on it, like a little blurb. And I try to act really like--


Brennan: She takes it and goes,


Agent Worrel: God damn it! None of them are supposed to have their things with them in the cells!


Brennan: And she walks out of here.


Emily: I would like, oh is she leaving?


Brennan: They walk, it goes max security.


Lou: Can I, where is the Hangman?


Brennan: Just out and about.


Lou: Oh, okay.


Siobhan: Gotta try.


Fabian: Hangman.


Hangman: Master, long have I missed the warmth of your thighs on my seat.


Fabian: I'm glad this is in my head and no one else can hear things like that, Christ. Hangman, could you assemble a party of some kind or do something to get other demons--


Hangman: It would be my deepest honor and greatest satisfaction to assemble a crew unlike any the world has ever seen. To free you from bondage, Sire. I shall lay low the foundations of the world to see you made whole once again.


Fabian: Thank you, Hangman. Guys, my bike is going to free us.


Riz: It’s just going to go to a Harley Davidson dealer and come out with a crew of bikes.


Brennan: Alright guys, sorry, one last thing?


Murph: I know that there are magic runes prevention things. The Sword of Shadows that I got from Fabian here has a teleport as a disengage. I would like to just try that.


Brennan: You can do it in your room all you want but it doesn't get you out.


Emily: I look over and I'm like,


Fig: Riz are you okay? What's happening over there?


Riz: Yeah, I'm Nightcrawler.


Emily: I turn into Angela again.


Brennan: After you talk to the Hangman, a few more days pass by.


Siobhan: Dang.


Brennan: Everybody make, I guess just an Intelligence check, call it a DC 15 Intelligence.


Murph: Uh.


Lou: Not a chance.


Siobhan: Nope.


Murph: 18.


Zac: 15.


Emily: 11.

Brennan: It is May 15th, which is the day of prom. You guys are in your cells. You hear something in your mind Fabian, you've been here for a long time, you hear a little, and you hear a voice out in the cop area. They have not been in here in a while. They've been disallowed from interacting with you guys. You hear a voice outside be like,


Unknown: Ah, hey there guys how's it going? Everyone doing good in here, great. Just got some mail, some deliveries here.


Brennan: And you hear some sort of parcels being passed out. Walking down the hall of the jail cell, you see a little halfling postman with little shorts and a shirt and one of those little pith helmets.


Adaine: Hello sir, remember us?


Bud Cubby: Oh gosh, there gang, how's it going?


Riz: The fucking feds got us in here man. I know you hate the Goddamn feds.


Adaine: Yeah, man, the pigs have got us.


Fig: They got us.


Gorgug: You're the guy from the ice cream shop.


Bud: I picked you guys up in the car! How's it going guys? Ah, the kids miss you. Martha, Lee, and Pep, everybody says hi. Daisy sends her best.


Fig: Do you know why we are in here? Remember that guy that almost killed you and your family in the car, and then we took care of him?


Bud: Mm-hm!


Fig: They got us in here for that.


Bud: What?


Brennan: You see he winks at you and says,


Bud: Sweetheart, you don't got to sweet talk me. We like you kids, we think you're alright. The Hangman already explained everything to us.

Fabian: What, the Hangman?


Brennan: He says,


Bud: Listen, here's the thing. I don't know what you kids are up to, but I do know one thing. Laws are threats made by the dominant socioeconomic ethnic group in a given nation. It’s just the promise of violence that's enacted, and the police are basically an occupying army, you know what I mean. You guys want to make some bacon?

Brennan: He pulls a mask over his face. Pulls a lit Molotov cocktail out of his mailbag, and -


Adaine: That was on fire the whole time?


Bud: The whole time kiddo!


Adaine: You’re so brave!


Brennan: He goes. Hits the lock, opens the jail cell. You see the fucking halflings with black ski masks rappel in, and just start opening fire, smashing shit.


Murph: I'm calling out,


Riz: My mom works here. A lot of these people are good people.


Bud: Let's make some fucking bacon!


Riz: Let's not, let's chill.

Gorgug: Let's go!


Brennan: You guys dip the fuck out of there in a hail of gunfire.


Adaine: Get our stuff please.


Kristen: Okay. To the AV club.


Fabian: It’s been months.


Adaine: It’s months, we've been in jail. My parents didn't visit me one time.


Kristen: Yeah, mine neither.


Fig: My mom visited me just to drop off her memories. I wonder if she went to kill herself.


Gorgug: I wonder if my parents realize I’m in jail.


Fabian: My parents came to jail and I beat the shit out them, so maybe, maybe--


Fig: Gilear didn't even visit me! Gilear and Gorthalax didn't.


Gorgug: Let's just go to prom. Let’s just see what's going on with prom, right?


Riz: We know bad stuff is going on at prom, maybe?


Brennan: You guys dip out from here, I'm going to need either a Stealth from somebody.


Murph: Sure.


Brennan: I'm going to say, make it with disadvantage 'cause you're trying to hide the whole group.


Murph: Okay.


Brennan: I guess you guys are trying to help.

Emily: I can also cast—


Brennan: Make a flat stealth check.


Murph: Okay. 25.


Siobhan: Fuck yeah.


Brennan: Riz, you dart out of the police precinct. You hear fire and noise and shouting from behind you. As you guys dip out of there as fast as you can. You guys run down an alleyway, and Riz you start guiding them through these back alleys and different small areas in the city center. What are you guys going to do?


Riz: Let's--


Gorgug: Shouldn't we call the principal and see if there is anything going on at school?


Riz: Yeah.


Kristen: Yeah.


Gorgug: And see if he, in the weeks--


Fig: I think we should just crawl into, I think we should break into Aguefort's office and go through his stuff.


Adaine: Yeah.


Fabian: I feel like we should--


Riz: We either go to Seacaster Manor or Aguefort's.


Fabian: We're not going to Seacaster Manor.


Fig: Not going to Seacaster Manor.


Riz: But he's up to something.

Kristen: He is up to something.


Riz: He’s up to something.


Fig: Also I've got this freakin crystal palimpsest from your dad.


Gorgug: Wait, can we use that palimpsest or see what the number is associated with, is it that kind of crystal?


Riz: It's to trap people.


Brennan: No it's not a phone it's like a hard drive.


Riz: It's for trapping people.


Adaine: But there's nobody in there right now.


Kristen: Should we go spy on Bill Seacaster?


Fig: I think we need to go through Aguefort's shit.


Riz: Why don't we go to Aguefort, and then we could see if there, 'cause we might be able to do something. That could be a special one or something. It might be, I don't know, maybe that's supposed to go to the AV club or something. I don't know, maybe we go there.


Fabian: I can send the Hangman to spy on my father.


Riz: Okay.


Kristen: Oh that's a great idea.


The Hangman: I shall go and see the secrets of your father, William Seacaster.


Fabian: Thank you Hangman.


The Hangman: I too felt his buttocks astride my leather seat.


Fabian: Ugh, no, don't remind me. Thank you, just go. Thank you.


The Hangman: A great man, but not as great as you.


Fabian: That's very kind of you, bike.

Brennan: Hangman tears off.


Kristen: Okay, let's go.


Riz: I guess we'll just go to Aguefort.


Fig: Question is, how are we gonna?


Gorgug: Do we have any friends at prom? That we can just hear what the vibe is.


Riz: I'm guessing it’s not prom time yet, right?


Fabian: What time is it?


Brennan: Not prom time yet. You have probably two hours.


Adaine: Oh my god, why don't we call Ragh. Right?


Fabian: Fair.


Adaine: Right, like at least he knows what's been going on at school.


Fabian: We should find out what's been happening in the months we've been away.


Riz: We're going to try to find Ragh.


Brennan: Do you want to call him or try to find him?


Fig: Let's call him.


Adaine: Yeah.


Fabian: We could text him to meet us somewhere, or yeah call him.


Fig: I'll just call him.


Riz: Ragh is very stupid. I feel like if we don't pull him aside, he's going to be with somebody or something. Should we go to Aguefort and either you dress up as somebody else or I sneak in and we just pull Ragh out into the parking lot.


Fig: I think you sneak around the back of his office. I disguise myself and go in and then we can convene in there.


Riz: Cool.


Brennan: Awesome.


Riz: Is that cool with everybody?


Fabian: Fair.


Kristen: Yeah.


Brennan: You dip out. You head to Aguefort. Who all is going where at Aguefort?


Fig: Although it would be great to get Adaine in.


Kristen: Your sister?


Adaine: Yeah, I mean I can cast Invisibility on myself, and I could even carry you.


Riz: Oh, cool.


Adaine: With Invisibility, but it only lasts for a minute. So we have to fucking run in there.


Gorgug: I'll wait outside.


Fabian: Yes, I'll stay with Gorgug outside


Fig: I'm gonna--


Adaine: Can you disguise other people?


Fig: No just myself.


Riz: You can ask Ragh what's going on.


Fig: Yeah, you’re right, I don’t need to help you.


Riz: We're going to go into Aguefort's office and see if, or should we talk to Goldenhoard?


Fig: I can always talk to Goldenhoard.


Gorgug: You can do both, maybe.


Riz: Yeah. The offices are pretty close, right?


Brennan: The school is closed 'cause they're getting ready for prom.


Riz: We told Goldenhoard to go into Aguefort's office so I don't know how, he has whatever was in there I think, probably.


Gorgug: Call him and then--


Riz: We can try to do both. Let's just go.


Fig: Okay.


Riz: Cool, so me and Adaine are invisible.


Fig: So you guys are going into the office.


Riz: Just rushing into the office.


Fig: Yeah I guess you don't even need me disguised.


Riz: But we want to talk to Ragh, so you should go in and talk to Ragh.


Fig: Okay, I go on in.


Brennan: The school is locked up, lights out. They're getting ready for prom--


Zac: Prom is at school though?


Brennan: Prom is in the gym, which is a separate building.


Riz: Oh so we can just sneak in.

Adaine: So we don't need to use Invisibility.

 

Kristen: Okay, let’s go.


Riz: We'll turn invisible if we need to, so we go into the school.


Brennan: You guys rush into the school. You get to the school, the doors are locked.


Murph: Okay, I will do Thieves’ Tools check.


Brennan: Cool, DC 15.


Murph: That's Dex plus proficiency bonus?


Brennan: Yes.


Zac: Can we help him?


Murph: I, eh, 17.


Brennan: Cool, Riz takes out the Thieves’ Tools. Opens the door, the door opens. You guys begin to walk through the halls of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. With the lights off in here and the ring of the linoleum and the metal lockers, it’s just echoey and empty here. You see sort of, the only light provided is the dull icy white hum of the crystal cameras up around everywhere.


Fig: Oh man.


Fabian: There are cameras.


Emily: Can I cast Darkness around us so that the cameras wouldn't detect us?


Brennan: You can do that.


Emily: It can follow us?


Brennan: It can detect a moving thing of darkness but yeah.


Murph: That's fine.


Emily: Alright, yeah cool.


Brennan: You guys head through, walking very carefully. You arrive at the door of Arthur Aguefort's office.


Murph: Cool, I try to open it.


Brennan: Locked as well.


Murph: Not great.


Zac: Can we help his roll?

Murph: Yeah, do you guys wanna,


Brennan: You can give him advantage, yeah.


Murph: I rolled two 4’s.


Lou: Can I kick the door down.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Athletics check.


Lou: Yeah, a fucking 20.


Brennan: You are fiddling with this. You hear a little voice say,


Enchanted Door: Ah, fiddle dee dee, a little thief attempting break into the vault of Arthur Aguefort. This enchanted door shall find—


Brennan: and you see that Fabian's foot just connects the door flies open.


Fabian: We've got things to do, The Ball, let's do them.


Riz: Look at the bin, look in the bin.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Investigate check.


Riz: Let's kind of investigate around.


Murph: Wow a 1.

Ally: I got it, 18.


Siobhan: 19.


Brennan: You see that the bin is empty. It looks—


Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check on it?


Brennan: Sure.


Siobhan: What's that, 21.

Brennan: Umh, 21, you see that there are other sort of files and folders and stuff that are here in the room. You see also that Watches and Wards is still here since September 1st when Kristen Applebees brought it here.

Adaine: Wasn't Watches and Wards supposed to be in the library to stop bad spells from happening in the school?

Brennan: It absolutely was.


Adaine: Can we take it back there?


Brennan: I'm going to go ahead and give you guys some stuff.


Siobhan: Is there--


Ally: Can we look under it and look at the bin itself?


Siobhan: Does he have a computer with a trash folder?


Emily: I want to go through his desk and look for secret drawers under the drawers?


Brennan: What were the Investigate checks you all made?


Ally: I did a 19.


Brennan: 19?


Lou: 12.


Murph: 1.


Brennan: 12.


Siobhan: Uh, 19.


Emily: I had gotten a 6.


Zac: 17, I have a negative 1.


Brennan: Cool, here is Watches and Wards. Which you can use Detect Magic on. Here is some stuff that you guys find, which seems kind of boring. It's just payroll and federal paperwork information.

Riz: Okay, we want to look at that because we know that somebody was paying the school or something. When we went to Daybreak's there was weird stuff. Somebody on the school board was paying money to the Harvestmen or something?

Brennan: Well Daybreak was getting a huge salary.


 Fig: Well Daybreak was getting— yeah.


Riz: Right, yeah, yeah, yeah. Can we look into Daybreak's salary?


Adaine: Oh shit!


Riz: Oh it's on here! I thought—


Gorgug: What is it?


Brennan: Go ahead and read, let's read these out loud. Let's start, you guys can read that. Adaine, why don't you go ahead and read what you've learned here.


Adaine: “You are reading the first few pages of Watches and Wards. Examining the spell with Detect Magic, you can see a powerful abjuration preventing Kalvaxus from ever touching the book or asking someone to remove the book for him”, which means that my sister is not Kalvaxus. “As long as the book is kept in the restricted section of the library, no summonings or harmful conjurations can occur on school grounds. Only Arthur Aguefort or the elven oracle are physically capable of removing the book from the restricted section of the library. All others will be knocked unconscious on their first attempt.”

Riz: Is your sister?


Kristen: The elven oracle...


Adaine: No, I removed it.


Fig: You removed it, so you're the elven oracle.


Murph: Do you have anything? Can you do an Arcana check on yourself to see if your memories were erased?


Fig: Can you cast Identify on yourself?


Adaine: I— I don't know?


Fabian: I'm sorry, the elven oracle is a child? You’re not a child but a teen.


Murph: Can I do an Arcana, wait, how did you find out that your sister had her mind erased or whatever. Was that a spell?


Gorgug: She had that spell.


Adaine: I did Detect Thoughts on her.


Kristen: I can, aw, I don't have Detect Thoughts.


Murph: But she had, what was that spell called?


Adaine: The Modify Memory.


Fabian: Modify Memory.


Zac: I'm going to make a, I have a negative 1 to Arcana but I'm going to try.


Murph: I have an Arcana check, but I don't think anything not magic is going to be able to--


Zac: 5.


Ally: I got an 18 on Arcana.


Brennan: Okay.


Murph: I got a 21.


Brennan: You start looking, so what are you trying to figure out?


Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Thoughts on myself?


Riz: Cast Detect Thoughts on yourself. I'm just going to watch her eyes.


Gorgug: Can you dispel that spell?


Brennan: Give me a History check and an Arcana check.


Siobhan: Okay. I got a 20 History, not nat, and I got a 24 Arcana.


Brennan: I'm going to give you two pieces of information. for each of those checks.


Siobhan: Fuck.


Brennan: The first piece of information is this. There have been many elven oracles. The elven oracle is a position that is filled by one elf at a time exclusively. As an incredibly potent arcane figure in the world. The other piece of information is that on the evening of August 31st, the day before you went to Aguefort. Presumably, the elven oracle died.

Adaine: So, when the last elven oracle dies, did I become the next elven oracle?


Riz: Do you know what being an oracle does?


Gorgug: Santa Claus.


Fig: Yeah, what does it mean to be the elven oracle?


Adaine: Did I get Santa Claused into being the elven oracle?


Riz: You're Santa Claus.


Kristen: Who died and how?


Fig: It was in that shipwreck.


Adaine: It was in the shipwreck, the elven oracle died.


Kristen: Oh right, whoa.


Gorgug: So then, can you dispel, can you modify your mem—


Fabian: Well I don't think her, it’s not her--


Murph: I don't think that it's her memory—


Kristen: But the ship has sank—


Fig: Your sister knew, your sister knew that you became—


Adaine: But how did my sister know that I became the elven oracle?


Fig: She must just know.


Gorgug: Is your family in on—


Adaine: That sneaky little bitch, I hate her so much.


Fig: Then she got you to steal that thing, and she was also tied to--


Gorgug: We should put the book back.


Kristen: Let's put the book back.


Adaine: We should definitely put the book back.


Kristen: This is what I have. Financial, this is the full people on payroll. We have Jawbone, the guidance counselor. Gilear, the Lunch Lad.


Fig: How much does Gilear make?


Riz: Do these match up? I have one that’s a list of everyone's race.


Fabian: Yes, those match up.


Fig: How much does Gilear make?


Riz: So he's a human, human lycanthrope, okay.


Kristen and Riz: Elf, Gilear, demon, Gorthalax. Half-elf, Jace.


Fig: How much does Porter make?


Fabian: It’s not an amount, it seems to be the race associated with that person.


Riz: That’s a fucked-up form.


Brennan: So the issue is that you are cross-referencing the payroll information, which does have pay information, and a piece of federal paperwork that's about a diversity initiative from the federal government. So, it’s listing the different species of the teachers here.


Kristen: Cool.


Riz: Got it. Does one of them not match up?


Fig: Do we notice a disparity in pay per species?


Riz: The only non-humanoid is Casavian the Wise, who's the custodian.


Brennan: Make an Investigation check for me Riz.


Murph: Uh, 19.


Brennan: You're cross-referencing it. They don't line up. One of those lists is one longer than the other.


Kristen: Oh, got it.


Brennan: You guys see Riz furiously.


Riz: Okay so there are 28 races, and 27 of these.


Kristen: Cool, so someone has been scrubbed from here who is a non-humanoid.

Adaine: It just says non-humanoid?


Gorgug: Is Porter on there?


Fabian: Yes, Porter is on there.


Brennan: You guys pass by the library with Watches and Wards in your hands.


Adaine: Okay, let's go into the library.


Zac: Wait, can I make a perception check?


Siobhan: Yeah, good idea. I will also do that.


Zac: I only got a 10.


Siobhan: 18.


Brennan: You guys can make some perception checks on your way out of Aguefort's office as well.


Emily: I got a 16, oh no I didn't I got a 7.


Siobhan: Oh, 16.


Lou: 9.


Brennan: 17, what was the highest that someone got?


Zac: I got a 10.


Brennan: As you are leaving, you broke in here a long time ago at the very beginning of, sorry. Riz was the one who broke into the principal's office, right?

Murph: Yeah.


Brennan: You broke in here. As you are leaving, you notice one thing. The waste paper bin, which is totally clean you didn't find anything in, isn't in the spot where it was when you broke in here last.


Murph: Okay, so I check this.


Adaine: Oh my God, it’s a secret door.


Murph: Let’s go--


Adaine: Put it where it used to be.


Murph: Okay, I take the bin and put it where it used to be.


Brennan: Nothing happens.


Siobhan: Fuck.


Ally: Goddamn it.


Emily: No, no, no, I take it and put it upside down.


Brennan: You see... an upside down waste paper bin.


Siobhan: Oh no!


Gorgug: We asked Goldenrod to check out the trash can. Maybe it is in his office, whatever was in there.


Riz: Yeah. Let's go.


Riz: We need to put this in the library.


Brennan: You can walk in to the library on your way to--


Adaine: Yes, great, so let's put--


Brennan: You guys get to the library. You sneak in, you still have the Darkness up. You put the book in there. You guys see that as you put the book back, Adaine floats up in the air about a foot, and is surrounded by motes of silvery light.


Adaine: I'm not doing this. This isn't me.


Kristen: Oh no. Oh no.


Brennan: And you see that an image of a spectral elven woman with flowing hair looks and says, and kisses you on the forehead. Says,

Eleminthindriel: Every oracle dies. I died in a shipwreck. Brutal. 

Adaine: Yeah, what, you didn't see it coming?


Gorgug: That sucks.


Eleminthindriel: I did, but I thought there was a shot, I took a swing and it ended up a miss, you know what I mean?


Adaine: You know, I really do.


Eleminthindriel: Sometimes it doesn't work out that way.


Adaine: Sometimes it doesn't work out.


Eleminthindriel: The future, the might of prophecy, and the endless strands of fate are in good hands, young one. And for real, be careful on ships because when shit goes sideways there's nowhere to go. It's just ocean.

Adaine: It seems really dangerous, right. I should just learn Water Breathing so that if that happens I'm okay.


Eleminthindriel: You learned Water Breathing? The fuck of it, I had it in my spell book and didn't prepare it.


Adaine: No, damn.


Eleminthindriel: Had it in my spell book, didn't prepare it, on a ship.


Adaine: Yeah that seems--


Fabian: Who are you?


Eleminthindriel: I am the elven oracle of days past!


Brennan: Motes of light.


Fabian: Okay!

Adaine: She's definitely dead. I guess is what we are learning here.


Brennan: You guys march on over to Goldenhoard's office.


Kristen: Can I do something weird? I have something inspiring I want to say to everyone, but I also don't want to take up too much of anyone's time. I just feel like I am always talking.


Riz: Hey guys, there’s no dragonborn on here.


Adaine: What?


Riz: Goldenhoard's not on here.


Fig: What is the consequence of him not being on there?


Riz: He's not on the payroll.


Kristen: Shit.


Fabian: He's not the non-humanoid?


Riz: He's not, no.


Fig: Or he's not dragonborn.


Riz: Dragonborn is a humanoid. They're a race of people. Goldenhoard isn't on any of these lists. There is no dragonborn that works at the school.


Adaine: Oh shit.


Gorgug: Really?


Fig: So Goldenhoard isn't a dragonborn.


Gorgug: Wait, so he's, he said don't trust the faculty.


Riz: He was so mean. I thought he was mean so that meant he was a good guy. I don't know, he's not on the list. Anybody else can double check my work, there's no dragonborn.


Kristen: Fuck.


Brennan: Make a Intelligence check for me. Roll intelligence, we'll call it a DC 10 Intelligence check.

Siobhan: I got an 18.


Brennan: 18? 

Goldenhoard: Now, I'm not sure if there's something medical going on here and that explains why you are having this panic attack, but I do have to give you detention, nonetheless. Kristen, could take you Watches and Wards to Principal Aguefort's office for me?


Kristen: Sure.

Brennan: Memory of your very first day at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.


Adaine: Kalvaxus can't touch the book, and he had you take the book. Oh my God.


Brennan: You guys sprint to Goldenhoard's office. It's locked, I assume—


Siobhan: Smash it in.


Ally: I'm just muttering an Inspiring Speech to help us with our hit points.


Brennan: Sure.


Lou: Straight up.


Ally: But no one really has to pay attention to me. I'm just over here like,


Kristen: I didn't think I would make friends like this. It feels like a movie almost.


Emily: I can be like,


Fig: What are you saying? Speak up, what?


Kristen: It's like a lot of HP which is why I'm bothering everyone. Please go on with what you were doing. I'll just be over here for 10 minutes.


Fabian: Okay that's fine.


Riz: Kick it in.


Lou: I'm assuming me and Gorgug do some kind of cool, tag team,


Zac: We nod at each other,


Lou: like, yeah? Yeah. 

Brennan: Its a full Bad Boys 2.


Lou: POD starts playing. 

Brennan: Yeah, exactly.


Emily: Actually, before we go there, I'm also going to play Countercharm as we run in there. So that we all have advantage on being frightened or charmed in case there is any kind of charm trap.


Kristen: It’s like your family is just your family. That's who you are born into but friends--


Brennan: You guys bust the fucking door down. Make Investigation checks. You see Goldenhoard's office here.


Kristen: And I love you guys.


Ally: 11.


Emily: I got 19.


Siobhan: I got a 20, not nat.


Murph: 14.


Lou: 2.


Emily: 19.


Brennan: You guys are, scrounge scrounge, bam bam bam bam bam, going through, pulling things apart. You go and you find a little secret drawer under the desk. You pull the drawer open. You find a scroll case and you find a crumpled up piece of paper as though from a waste paper bin.


Adaine: Guys, I think I found our trash.


Riz: Fuck.


Gorgug: Alright.


Brennan: The scroll case is the first thing you find. So I might do the scroll case.


Adaine: A powerful spell scroll, its magic long since used. Aged parchment and ensorcelled ink. Enchantment runes, deep divination runes, a powerful quest spell in Arthur Aguefort's personal lingua arcana.


Brennan: That's a description of what your, that's what your Detect Magic is telling you that information about the object. Here's the text on it.

Adaine: “I invoke the nine winds. I invoke the thirteen sigils. I invoke the 69 glyphs of binding. Kalvaxus, in defeat, your opponents have elected to show you mercy. That you might learn from the error of your ways. To that end, I bind you. You will repay the land you have wronged by serving to restore its future. Thus shall your task be to steward all the generations of Solace's heroes yet to come. I lay this quest upon you. That you will remain by my side as long as I live.”

Riz: Yeah, he's bound to the school--


Adaine: “You shall relinquish your mighty form, such that you may walk among the two-legged folk, as one of us. You shall be parted from your treasure, never to hold wealth again. And you shall never kill another Solesian as long as this binding stands. Oh, and one more thing, you have to make sure that I always have tea on hand. Mix it up too, I get bored if, Oh mix it up to, I get,” sorry there's a, not very good at spelling, Arthur Aguefort.

Adaine: “Mix it up too, I get bored if I always drink the same type of tea, surprise me. I'll drink anything you give me, literally. I am not picky. Karam-Kajam! I bind you!”


Fig: So, he is, so Kalvaxus is Goldenhoard.


Riz: - is Goldenhoard.


Adaine: Yeah.


Fabian: Also, Arthur Aguefort is terrible at punishing people.


Adaine: Really bad.


Riz: All of his choices are so spicy. He makes everything so spicy, like.


Fig: Why would he kill himself?


Adaine: To be fair, I don't think I would want to be a teacher for all eternity.


Riz: It’s a bad punishment, but built in is that he had to be alive, which is a bad idea.


Fig: He killed himself knowing that he was leaving Kalvaxus.


Riz: I think he's like sort of a wild card.


Adaine: Well the second thing is a prophecy. “A prophecy as dictated by the Oracle Eleminthindriel to their paramour, the wizard Arthur Aguefort, mere moments after the binding of Kalvaxus.” “When Kalvaxus once again beholds his glittering treasure and seven maidens once more are chained at the mouth of his lair. When war befalls the realm and a king and queen are crowned anew in Solace. Then will the Emperor of the Red Waste be released from bondage. His destruction will know no bounds. The sun shall fall from the heavens and the world as we know it shall perish forever.” Well, that's bad.

Fig: The king—


Gorgug: The emperor is Kalvaxus?


Riz: Yup.


Adaine: Yes.


Fig: So Goldenrod is Kalvaxus bound and then—


Adaine: The Emperor of the Red Wastes served Kalvaxus.


Brennan: No, the Emperor of the Red Wastes is Kalvaxus.


Fig: So Goldenrod is a bound Kalvaxus, and this prophecy is saying that if a king or queen aka a prom king or queen are crowned,

Kristen: Fuck.


Riz: And they’ve got their seven maidens.


Fig: And they have seven virgins at the mouth of--


Kristen: There are definitely going to be seven virgins at prom.

Riz: How many virgins do we know that they have right now.


Adaine: Seven, they have seven.


Riz: They have seven exactly?


Kristen: No, you're right.


Adaine: Yeah, they definitely do.


Fig: They have Zelda --


Brennan: It’s Katja, Antiope, Penelope, Penny, Danielle, Sam, Ostentatia, Zelda.


Riz: Just making sure one of us wasn't part of the plan so we knew that ahead of time going in.


Kristen: Okay.


Gorgug: We all fuck.


Riz: Because that would be a fucking twist if--


Adaine: I mean none of us are virgins obviously.


Fig: Yeah, we all do it. We do it.


Kristen: Everyone add 11 hit points for my amazingly inspiring speech.


Riz: Thank you.

Adaine: Where is his lair? Can I cast Locate Creature?


Goldenhoard: Welcome, welcome.


Adaine: Oh, nevermind.


Riz: Well, fuuuuuuuck.


Goldenhoard: One and all, to your final day at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.


Adaine: Who told you that, an oracle?


Brennan: You see the PA system is blaring in the school.

Goldenhoard: You know, the funny thing about adventuring parties that I never understood was how so many people could operate under the delusion that we have loyalty to each other. My kind has always understood that you are born alone and die alone.


Brennan: Your phones start pinging left and right.

Kristen: Fuck.


Goldenhoard: You see, when push comes to shove, I imagine you'll make the selfish choice.


Brennan: You guys see videos of fires being set to the Faeth home, the Thistlespring tree, the Abernant home, the Seacaster manor, the Applebees residence, and Strongtower Luxury Apartments.


Adaine: Between our houses and the world, you expect to choose our houses?


Goldenhoard: Perhaps then your parents will be glad in their deaths knowing that you doomed them.


Lou: I break from the party and run.


Emily: I run to the Faeth house 'cause isn't that where my mom is?


Lou: I call for the Hangman to meet me at the school.


Emily: Maybe I'll just, yeah I'm going to run to the Faeth house. I'm just going to say,


Fig: Look, we'll meet back up, it’s gonna be at fucking prom, I'll see you at prom.


Fabian: I'll see you all at prom. This is not—


Riz: How long do we have?


Brennan: It's about 45 minutes till prom.


Fig: But it’s going to be a while before the prom king and queen—


Kristen: I kind of what to check out the, IT,


Gorgug: Let's burn down the gym and go.


Fig: Oh that's a good idea.


Brennan: You get a call on your phone. You hear screaming and you hear,


Thistlesprings: Bud, are you nearby? There's something going on at the house.


Zac: I tear off, I'm coming.


Murph: Alright, I guess we all go to our separate houses?


Kristen: No, I'm going to check out, where did all of the palimpsests go again?


Adaine: Yeah, I'll go with you to the AV room.


Siobhan: I text my mom on the way,


Adaine: so you should probably leave.


Riz: I'm going to go, I guess I go to Strongtower and your—


Brennan: Rad. Home, home, home, home, you guys go to the AV room.


Adaine: Cool. Girl power.


Kristen: Girl power.


Brennan: I'm going to need you guys to make an investigation check when you get to the AV room.


Siobhan: Great.


Ally: 11.


Siobhan: Investigation, I got a 25.


Brennan: Jesus Christ! You bust into the AV room. You sit down. All the shit that fucking Biz and all those guys were like, there's actually a lot going on. Yeah you're in immediately. Effortless. First of all, you find a bunch of deleted stuff. They, apparently, someone maybe, someone who didn't know crystals too well went and deleted this stuff and didn't fully delete it. It's like sitting in a trashcan.


Adaine: Old people, stupid.


Brennan: You see, first of all, you catch something of Goldenhoard at his desk a couple of weeks ago writing something on a legal pad that you see here. 

Adaine: So much reading today.


Emily: I know.

Adaine: “Dear Mr. Fallowglade, If you would be so kind, a student's rat familiar has gone missing somewhere in Elmville. If you wouldn't mind summoning a few owls and cats to help track it down. Its swift recovery is of the upmost importance.” I hate this guy so much.

Kristen: Yeah but we should text Riz and let him know that the rat is really important.


Adaine: Yeah.


Kristen: Can we do that?


Brennan: Sure.


Ally: I just ping Riz.


Murph: Yup, I got Edgar with me. Text,


Riz: wasn't planning on letting him die, but now I'll be extra careful.


Kristen: Don't let anyone take him from you.


Brennan: You see a couple of other things, the two other huge things on the crystal recordings is the supposedly deleted, the night that the seven, weeks ago when you guys were at the arcade. The seven missing girls all appearing in their bodies again with preset chains around them. You see video of them at night being taken out to the loading dock back by the kitchens in school and loaded into an airport shuttle.


Adaine: Airport shuttle? God damn.


Brennan: You see as well,


Kristen: Oh that one bus right?


Emily: They're probably at the emperor, they’re probably at the Red Waste or wherever the prophecy said.


Siobhan: I mean it's--


Zac: It didn't say the location specific.


Siobhan: Once he beholds his glittering treasure and their chained to the mouth of his lair, wherever the fuck that is.


Emily: That's got to be in the Red Waste, right? If they're going to an airport shuttle, probably flew them to the Red Wastes.


Murph: Fuck.


Brennan: Adaine, you notice something interesting. There are a handful of feeds in the AV room. Streams from cameras. In no way, does it even close to approach, the number of cameras you have seen at the school.


Adaine: That's weird, where are all of the other cameras? There's like a camera in every hallway, right?


Kristen: Yeah. Which wouldn't be this many?


Brennan: You see Porter Cliffbreaker, the earth genasi barbarian, striding towards the AV room. As he approaches saying,


Porter: Now, not supposed to be students wandering around in the school after—


Brennan: And his entire body is sucked into one of the cameras.


Adaine: Oh my God.


Siobhan: I text to Fig,


Adaine: also, I don't think Porter is a bad guy.


Fig: No, I'm pretty sure he is a bad guy. Make sure you get him. Don't worry I'm going to be on him all of tonight.


Adaine: I don't have to get him. He's already in a palimpsest.


Brennan: You see teachers all over the school grounds getting sucked into what are disguised as cameras, but are actually crystal palimpsests.


 Kristen: Whoa.


Adaine: That's so sneaky.


Brennan: We're going to move right along, gang.


Kristen: Crap, I want to stake out the gym a little bit. I dunno. Are you good at stealth?


Adaine: No.


Brennan: What are you guys do after the AV room?


Ally: We are both fucking terrible with stealth. I have a negative 3.


Murph: You have Invisibility, right.


Siobhan: But it only lasts for a minute.


Murph: Get near the thing and then look at it.


Siobhan: Is there an upper level to the gym.


Brennan: Kristen you get a call, by the way, after a minute or two of being in the AV room from your mother.


Ally: Okay, yeah.


Brennan: She goes,


Donna: Kristen there's people here at the house. Do you know anything about this?


Kristen: Oh, no, Mom, uh, are you guys okay? What are they saying?


Donna: They're attacking! They’re burning the house down!


Kristen: Oh no. Try to get out.


Donna: Try to get out!


Kristen: I don't know. How, uh, pray!


Brennan: You hear the voice of Bricker, your little brother say,


Bricker: Help me!


Kristen: Shit, I have to go. You just be, go invisible and check out the gym.


Adaine: It only lasts for a minute and then I can't use it again.


Kristen: Okay, I'm calling an Uber. You use the minute to go look at as much shit as you can. Jump in the Uber with me, come to my house.


Adaine: Ahhhhh, okay.


Kristen: Look, Rodolfo will be here in two minutes in a Honda Civic. Use one of those minutes, go.


Brennan: Do you rush over to the gym?


Adaine: Yeah I would like to poke my head in the gym, invisible.


Brennan: It looks beautiful.


Siobhan: Oh, Goddamn it.


Brennan: Nice purple declarations. The theme is A Night to Remember, with a K. A Knight to Remember.


Zac: Oh okay.


Siobhan: Are there crowns in there, can I see the crowns?


Emily: I was going to say, steal the crowns.


Brennan: Make an investigate check.


Siobhan: Uh, 23.


Brennan: Crowns are not in here.


Siobhan: Shit, okay.


Brennan: Invisibility fades.


Kristen: Hop in! I'm so sorry, she was going to be right here.


Adaine: I'm so sorry.


Rodolfo the Uber Driver: It’s okay, 'cause you're not doing a share so it's just you know the more time.


Adaine: Okay, we got to go.


Kristen: I just always hate to make you wait.


Rodolfo: It's fine with me.


Adaine: We got to go.


Kristen: Oh yeah, my whole family is on fire.


Rodolfo: Oh, they're being attacked and killed?

Brennan: You see that his car begins to fly through the air. Whoa!


Kristen: Yo, Rodolfo man, this is great!


Rodolfo: I actually am waiting to sign up for plus because I should be able to do-


Kristen: You should.


Rodolfo: Because the car is nice enough that it doesn't make sense that I'm--


Kristen: This is gorgeous. This is great.


Rodolfo: For sure. Do you need help fighting?


Kristen: Yeah.


Adaine: Yeah.


Rodolfo: Would you mind giving me five stars?


Adaine: Oh my God, definitely.


Kristen: Yeah, and I'm going to give you a gem, they have that now.


Rodolfo: Really?


Ally: I give you a gem, and then I say,


Kristen: Great car, cool tunes.


Rodolfo: Awesome, love it.


Brennan: You see that, you guys fly through the air. I'm going to explain what's going to happen now.


Siobhan: Oh shit. 

Brennan: You're all rushing towards your homes as they come under attack. You rush forward on the Hangman, Fabian. You head to the Faeth home. You're all sprinting as fast as you can. These battles are going to occur, but we're not going to run them like traditional battles because you're all off on your own separately and not all together. So, what's going to happen is this, I have the Box of Doom here with me. I'm going to roll it over here. On a 1 through a 6, something truly terrible happens. On a 7 through a 14, something bad happens. On a 15 through a 20, things are okay. If you elect to go fight to help your family, to go fight and try to save them. You will give up half of your current hit points, you will give up 14 spell levels, and you will, if you do that I will make the roll with advantage.

Ally: Fourteen spell levels, what do you mean by that?


Brennan: In other words, a first level spell slot is one. A second level spell slot, it counts for two. A third level spell slot counts for three, and you need to get up to fourteen.


Ally: I don't even know if I have that.


Siobhan: Yeah, I know.


Murph: I wasn't planning to fight. I was going to try to hide, sneak in. I wanted to get Sklonda and Gilear in my bag of holding and then teleport out with my sword.


Brennan: I can dig it. The challenges that await for you narratively are represented by this roll of the dice. So—


Murph: Got it, okay. So we're all going to help, right?


Emily: I need to do some kind of Insight check first.


Brennan: Okay.


Emily: Because I am undecided on my mom. Because at first, I felt like I, oh maybe she's a good person, but now I maybe feel like she's part of this ruby plot.


Brennan: Go ahead and give me an insight check.


Emily: 14.


Brennan: Your mom has never lived up to the standard you put on her of making your life good and perfect. She never was able to protect you from all harm and suffering in the world. And maybe that's not fair. And she's probably just a person, and those photos make it look like--


Emily: She's a complex person. She's allowed to be.


Brennan: Yup.


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: You’re all doing it.


Zac: Yeah, we’re all, yeah.


Siobhan: Since I'm with Kristen, can we take half of that each?


Ally: A quarter each, just to help my family and let her family burn.


Siobhan: I don't fucking give a shit. They probably not even there. Our families are at war, and they're probably not even there.


Brennan: I will say, you have to give half to get advantage on the roll. You don't have to give half, but if you want to I will roll three d20 and do advantage that way.


Siobhan: Okay.


Zac: Yeah, I'm doing it for sure.


Emily: I mean I have to do it, I don’t know how I don't do it.


Siobhan: Okay well I would like to use my 18 divination roll on Kristen's family, so we don't have to deal with it.


Murph: Dope.


Brennan: Cool, awesome.


Ally: Cool.


Brennan: And you're not rolling for your family, corect?


Siobhan: Fuck 'em.


Brennan: Fuck 'em, cool.


Zac: Oh my god.


Adaine: They didn't call me, they didn't come and visit me in prison, they started a war to get my sister out and didn't come to see me.


Ally: I'm going to give up half of mine for her family.


Adaine: No, don't do that!


Brennan: Okay, go for it.


Adaine: Fuck my family.


Kristen: Just, your mom was nice.


Brennan: Alright guys, I'm going to start making some rolls, gang. Here we go.

Lou:This is the worst thing I've ever been a part of. This moment right now. Having to listen to these dice rattle around in that box.


Zac: It's almost better than watching it.


Siobhan: Rattle, rattle, type, type, type. Rattle rattle.


Ally: Yeah.


Lou: Ugh, this is like one of those scenes where they slow mo the judges gavel like hitting it.

Emily: I was wondering why my mom came to visit me and humanized herself and this is exactly why.


Lou: So that you would feel this pain right now.


Emily: Yes, 'cause otherwise I probably would have let her go. This is devastating.


Lou: What if my family dies? What if my fucking family dies?


Siobhan: Your dad is buff.


Murph: Your dad is the fucking bad guy.


Lou: He's still my fucking dad, okay.


Brennan: Okay. I will now describe what happens.

Siobhan: This is horrifying.


Ally: This is so bad.


Brennan: It couldn't have been any other way.


Gorgug: I feel like it could’ve been something else.


Siobhan: It could have been. I wish for a magical ice cream to happen right at this moment.


Emily: Guys, what's going to happen when we find out our parents died and ice cream appears in our hand.


Brennan: You guys rush all over town as fast as you can. Fig, you arrive at the Faeth home. You see that there are lizardfolk, orcs, troglodytes, hobgoblins. All wearing armor and red sashes. All with the emblem of the Emperor of the Red Wastes. They have all journeyed—


Fig: Dang, they're already organized with costumes? That's bad.


Brennan: You slash and fight your way through them. You fucking wreck house, you hit some power cords, cast spells. You get into the home to find Sandra Lynn lying on the ground. Blood coming from her head. Her griffin is outside helping you fight, and she is unconscious.


Emily: Well I'll heal her.


Brennan: Sandra Lynn uses her bow and arrow to fight. She hits two more of these enemy combatants out on the lawn. Stands up.


Sandra Lynn: Fig! Are you okay?


Fig: Mom, much more importantly are you okay? I'm looking in way better shape than you.


Sandra Lynn: You're looking great. How are you doing?


Fig: Thank you for noticing. Yeah no I'm good. Well I was until I found out that you're, look, I'm really sorry that I prioritized my dads over you. You're allowed to be a complex person.


Brennan: She sweeps you up in a hug and kisses you. You see she says,


Sandra Lynn: love you so much.


Fig: 'Kay.


Sandra Lynn: You're a good daughter. Everything you're doing now is something I get, I was just like you.


Fig: Sorry, I thought you were about to die. I felt very bad.

Brennan: She looks and says,


Sandra Lynn: Okay. We're going to be okay. Do you know, is this about the missing girls? Is this about them somehow? What's going on with them?


Fig: Yeah. I think that they are part of bringing the Red Emperor, Kalvaxus, back.


Sandra Lynn: Okay, that's in the Ranger's Handbook somewhere, I can look that up.


Fig: Yes, and I believe that seven maidens, they're all virgins, I believe they've all been transported somewhere that's part of a prophecy about how to bring him back.


Sandra Lynn: Where, do you know exactly where?


Fig: His lair. I don't know if that means the Red Waste or if he has some sort of portable lair, but he needs his riches to be around and--


Brennan: She says,


Sandra Lynn: Airport, okay. It could be the Red Waste. There's a closer place, there's a place that you can't get to walking, it’s up in the mountains. Are your friends in trouble too?


Fig: Yeah.


Sandra Lynn: Go to your friends.


Brennan: She kisses you on the cheek, she says,


Sandra Lynn: I'm going to go find those girls.


Brennan: She grabs her bow and swan dives through the window and lands on her griffin’s back and takes off into the sky.


Sandra Lynn: If they are where I think they are I'll be back in as close to a hour and a half as I can. You got them, sweetheart.


Fig: Come back to the prom.


Sandra Lynn: The prom?


Fig: Wear a dress or a tux. I'll wear a tux.


Sandra Lynn: Are you wearing that?


Fig: No, no, no, I have a little blazer and maybe a tie.


Sandra Lynn: You look so cute in that tie, sweetie.


Lou: Oh my— 

Fig: Thank you.


Sandra Lynn: Alright, let's do this.


Brennan: Takes off.


Ally: This is going to be a nightmare. That was number one.


Lou: My heart. Goddamn it.


Zac: One out of the way at least.


Lou: That was the most beautiful thing I've ever thought. I had to create mental images for my own head. Ohhh.

Brennan: Riz.


Lou and Ally both put their hands to their faces and groan in sympathy. Murph bites his nails.


Brennan: You see Strongtower Luxury Apartments up in flames. You sneak your way in as fast as you can. Sneak attack who you can, you're done. You know this building so well at this point. You dip all the way up into your apartment. Where you see, the apartment is completely burnt. Fire everywhere. You fought your way up through here. You get up as far as you can. You see there are charred bodies here in the room.


Emily: Oh no...


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Investigate check.


Murph: 27.


Brennan: As you step you hear, a familiar sounding arquebus cock in the secret room, the spy room of your apartment.


Lou puts a hand over his heart again.


Riz: Mom?


Sklonda: Sweetie!


Lou: Oh!


Brennan: She comes out, kisses you, she says,


Sklonda: You're banged up, are you okay?


Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: You see, walking out of the apartment with her,


Ally: This sucks!


Brennan: You see just straight up holding the leg of a chair is Gilear.


Emily: Ohhh, thank God!


Riz: Honestly, I was more worried about you, Gilear. I figured Mom would be okay.


Brennan: He says,


Gilear: I hit someone across the head with this. I have never struck another being in anger before. I didn't fully relieve myself, but a little came out.


Riz: That's okay, Gilear, you did a really good job.

Gilear: I am so sad and scared.


Emily: Invite him to prom.


Riz: Do you want to come to prom, Gilear?


Gilear: No, I want nothing more than to hide in a deep hole, eat my turkey crackers, have a big tub of yogurt, and simply never show my face again.


Riz: Okay, great. Mom—


Brennan: You see your mom says,


Sklonda: Sweetie, what the fuck is going on?


Riz: Okay, so, Kalvaxus is coming back. He has seven maidens. Apparently, Dragonhorn? Goldenhoard, the vice principal at the school who became the principal, is apparently Kalvaxus. At tonight when they make a new prom king and prom queen they’ll sacrifice the girls and the prophecy, he'll be free.


Brennan: She goes,


Sklonda: Okay, shit. What do you need me to do?


Riz: Well you can't get up to the mountains to help the people, so do you want to… Do you want go to prom with me, Mom?


Sklonda: Kiddo, I was so afraid you'd ask.

Riz: I honestly, you know—


Brennan: You see that she grabs the thing, she says,


Sklonda: Calling all cars, calling all cars. We're going to need all squad, all squad, on the gymnasium at Arthur Aguefort Adventuring Academy pronto!


Brennan: You hear something come over the speaker going,


Agent Worrel: This is Agent Worrel, what exactly—


Brennan: Your mom goes,


Sklonda: Hey, Angela? Why don't you fucking cram it? This is Elmville baby!


Brennan: Your mom cocks the gun, grabs another gun—


Riz: Dope!

Brennan: She’s like,


Sklonda: Alright! You head there now I'm going to get the cruisers ready. I'll meet you there.


Riz: Right on.


Brennan: You see, we're going to cut over now to the --


Lou: I can't do this.


Kristen: This one I can't.


Siobhan: They’re so cute…


Lou: I can't do this.


Brennan: We cut over to the Thistlespring tree. Which is engulfed in flame. You don't hear any screaming. You don't hear any noise. Just the crackling of the fire. There are dead bodies around the outside of the tree.


Zac: I run inside the tree.


Brennan: You run past the flames that scour away at your body, injuring you terribly. You land in the middle. Wilma and Digby both look at you and say,

Thistlesprings: Hey bud!


Emily: Oh my god.


Brennan: Your dad is in a little greasy undershirt with some kind of Tesla laser cannon. You mom has got a fleet of spinning gyros around her with little like poison electro plasma guns. They say,


Thistlesprings: You wouldn't believe what just happened.


Gorgug: I, no.


Brennan: She says,


Wilma: Woof, I tell ya. Those were some scary folks. Those were some nasty customers, I'll tell you that right now.


Gorgug: They're trying to bring Kalvaxus back at, it's complicated. They're trying to crown a king and queen at prom,


Zac: I explain everything.


Brennan: Your parents look at you and go,


Thistlesprings: Okay, okay.


Gorgug: We got to go.


Thistlesprings: Alright that's fine.


Gorgug: I'm glad you’re alive.


Thistlesprings: Oh bud, we're glad you're alive.


Brennan: They kiss you on each cheek.


Thistlesprings: Listen, okay, here's the thing. You always got to be kind, you always got to try your best, and there is no sense in being a fucking pushover. You understand? We might be small and we're real nice. We try to be kind to everybody, but if you come to the tree you better be ready to never fucking leave, you understand me? You understand.


Gorgug: Yeah.


Wilma: Okay. Hey this is how we do it bud.


Brennan: Wilma looks over at a little crystal screen, and you see she goes,


Wilma: Aw, dang! Hon, it looks like there is some kind of, I don't know, invading army coming in from. The satellite's picking something up. Your father and I launched a satellite. It was a whole production, I tell ya, you were in jail.


Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: She says,


Wilma: I tell you what, this looks like a big problem. Digby and I, we're going to head out to the tank, and we'll take that out to the site of invading forces—


Gorgug: How long have we had a tank? I thought that was--


Wilma: What's that?


Gorgug: I just assumed that was something else.


Wilma: Well, we just use it to mow the lawn, but yeah it’s a tank,


Gorgug: Oh, okay. Yeah, use the tank.


Wilma: So, we're going to take care of that invading army. Do you want to go help your pals with this prom thing? I'd hate for you to miss prom on your first year, bud.


Gorgug: That sounds good. Do you have any bombs I could have?


Wilma: You want some bombs? Sure, go over to the bomb chest, help yourself, knock yourself out.


Gorgug: Okay, I'll see you later.


Wilma: Alright, buddy. And just remember your song, okay.


Brennan: They both head out to a tank. You mom and dad each go,


Wilma: Rock, paper, scissors, shoot.


Digby: Rock, paper, scissors, shoot. Alright, I'll drive. You can get in the gunner.


Lou: Oh my god.


Brennan: And you see that your mom hops into the gunner, lights a little cigar, and this tank heads off.


Wilma: Bye kiddo, have a great time at prom, bud!


Gorgug: Bye.


Lou: That's too much.


Ally: This is too much.


Lou: I can't take all of this.


Ally: Oh, Jesus.


Lou: These are the sweetest, nicest, most beautiful moments ever.


Brennan: We cut over to the Applebees home.


Ally: Alright.

Brennan: You gave an 18. You rush in. Your mom and dad have taken out a ton of the attackers. They have their halberd—


Donna and Mac Applebees: God damn—

Brennan: You rush in, one of your brothers is unconscious. Another brother is bleeding out. You cast your healing spells. After the slaughter concludes, you have healed your siblings. Your father looks at you and says,


Mac: You think these guys were illegals, what?

Emily: Jesus, we should have let them die.


Kristen: Dad, I think they, I think you need work. Hey, I'm going to go help my friend check on her house. Um… I wish you guys the best of luck, and I'm going to take the car.


Mac: What do you mean you're going to take the car?


Adaine: We’re gonna take the car.


Kristen: Bye!


Brennan: You get in the car and fucking peel out.


Adaine: I'm glad other people's parents suck.


Kristen: I'm so glad I have another friend who's parents suck.


Adaine: Right?


Kristen: Like just categorically suck.


Adaine: Just categorically suck, no questions asked.


Kristen: Hey, are you worried about your parents, really I'm just worried about your mom.


Adaine: Honestly, I don't even know if they're in the country anymore.


Kristen: Yeah we'll see.


Adaine: I mean I guess we can check.


Brennan: You guys swing past the Abernant home. It has burned to the ground. It is gone. A quick Detect Magic from you shows that a powerful Teleport spell was cast here.


Adaine: Fucking cowards.

Brennan: Fabian. You tear on the Hangman. As fast as it will carry you. It holds a little palimpsest on the handlebars. You see it says,


Hangman: Master, your father William Seacaster, caught me spying on him. He asked me to give this to you.


Fabian: Oh, what, why?


Hangman: It is a message from him to you.


Lou: Can I play the message?


Brennan: As you are fucking down Elmville's streets a little appears. You see your father, legs wide, sitting pitched forward saber at his side tricorner. He says,

Bill: Well, hopefully this motorcycle of yours will be able to get you this message while you are in the brig. You're not much of a grappler, but damn that left hook, that's the money there, boy. I, eh, some of those were original teeth. Boyo, I'll tell you this true. When you were pummeling me into unconsciousness, a thing no man has ever done and lived to tell, I had some time to think as your powerful fists were raining down on my head. On the eyepatch side, which is a low blow, and I'll credit you that. You're a fearsome warrior, remarkable athlete. You're nothing like me. And that's the most wonderful thing I can imagine. I never had any choice but to be fearsome because there was nothing in me heart worth admiring. I was a mad man and a lay about. I took from the world anything I could. You're different. I see the way your friends look at you. You don't command their fear, you command their respect. That's a feat I could never have pulled off. Not at your age. You're nothing like me, and when you were kicking the ever loving shit out of me I realized that's my deepest wish and it's the thing I most wanted when I came here. You done me proud, boy. 

Brennan: Message ends, you arrive at Seacaster manor, in flames. You rush in. Not only these Red Wastes soldiers but humans with scarecrow masks on, Harvestmen. You rush through. You get into the chamber here, you hear screams down the, your mother's sensory deprivation egg and up on the balustrade of the captain's quarters.


Lou: The sensory deprivation egg.


Brennan: Making a choice between your mother and father you rush towards the sensory deprivation egg. You arrive there to see your mother's egg sealed, and you can see through the crystal silhouette of your mother drinking wine and Cathilda a whirling frenzy of blades. Tearing into the soldiers here.


Cathilda: Right, Master Fabian, could you lend a hand?


Fabian: Of course Cathilda.


Brennan: You lend a hand. You defend your mother's egg. The egg opens.


Hallariel: What is all of the hubbub? I am trying to relax.


Lou: I slap the wine out of my mother's hand.


Fabian: Get it together!


Lou: And I run off to find, to where my father was.


Brennan: You see your mother starts crying.


Fabian: Mama, I'm sorry but you have to fucking pull yourself together. You have to be some kind of person, alright. You can't just be a thing that lies around my house.


Lou: And then I tear off.


Brennan: She stumbles over to this whip thin elven sword on the wall… before she gets there you're out of the room. You hear the shouts before you get to the room. And as you're almost there a figure steps out of the quarters, the captain's quarters. Harvestman mask, wearing a tux. You go back and forth and this person fucking kicks you in the chest up against a wall. A flaming beam drops on your chest and brings you to the ground. This person slashes a decapitating blow. You twist your head as far as you can. The tip catches here and slices through bone and flesh and pulls your fucking eye right out of your head. Blood down the side of your face. Thinking you dead, the Harvestman in the tux moves away and you see your sword flashes up on the way out and tries to kill this assailant. Pierces all the way through that assailant's left hand. Looks back at you another collapse in between you. This figure darts away. You hear noise of battle from the next room. I'm going to need you to make an Athletics check, DC 25.


Siobhan: Jesus fucking christ.


Lou: With, uh--


Brennan: No advantage.


Lou: It, Athletics?


Brennan: Yeah.


Lou: 22.


Brennan: Go ahead and make it again.


Lou: Nat 1.


Brennan: Beam sinks deeper--


Murph: Aren't you lucky?


Lou: I am lucky, I would like to roll again. Thank you.


Brennan: Cool, yeah, go for it.


Lou: 21.


Brennan: You end up squirming your way out after the sounds of battle have stopped in the next room. You take an additional 5 points of damage. In the next room, the blood is coursing down your face from your injury. You step into the next room. The place is littered with bodies. People have been shot directly in the asshole. People have been hoisted up by ropes, like chandelier ropes, double noose hoisted up together. Tons of people have had their belts slashed so their pants go around their ankle and then been kicked in the nuts and shot in the top of the head. A carnival of violence has occurred in this room. You see easily, on the balustrade and in the chamber and the gardens outside, having been kicked or thrown off, maybe 60 dead men. And your father has taken a manacle and sometime in the battle manacled himself to the top of a bed post so that he could stay standing and keep fighting. Blood is oozing out of him. He is making death saving throws, and looks up at you, saber in his hand.

Bill: There he is, my darling boy.


Fabian: Papa. I, fantastic work.


Bill: Oh, you like my craftsmanship, do you?


Fabian: Lot of shots to the asshole.


Bill: You give them one in the brown eye and they’ll never forget you.


Fabian: Papa.


Bill: Do you mind taking me down off the post boy?


Fabian: Of course.


Brennan: You take him and put him down. He says,


Bill: I heard you go for your mama. That's a good boy. I would have slit you throat to stomach if you hadn't.


Fabian: Yeah, that's what I thought. Papa—


Bill: You're so much better looking than I am. I'm so glad that I married your mother.


Fabian: Stop, Papa. Papa, I haven't had sex with anyone. You've had sex with everyone.


Brennan: He looks at you and says,


Bill: I had sex with a lot of people. It was always great.


Fabian: I'm sure you're fantastic.


Bill: I was good at it.


Fabian: Of course.


Bill: Everybody came.


Fabian: Okay, that's too much. That's a step too far.


Bill: The bank, they done this didn't they?


Fabian: You were working with them?


Bill: They lost their palimpsest supplier. And they needed another one. Seemed like a fun job. Get back into the criminal way, that sort. All the fun you were having, I didn't want my golden days to be behind me.

Brennan: A big clot of blood comes up into his beard.


Bill: Help me out to the balcony, boy.


Brennan: Comes out and says,


Bill: You write your name on the face of the world with your heroic deeds. I thought you were just going to be me. A way for me to live forever, but it's better than that. The story's going to get better with each new one.


Fabian: Much better.


Bill: Your face there, boy.


Brennan: He takes his eye patch off. Hands it to you.


Lou: I take it, and then drive my sword deep into his heart.


Bill: That's the way you do it, boy! Now you get out of here because this is a new coat and it explodes when I die.


Fabian: Oh Papa, I thought it might.


Lou: I'd like to jump off the balcony.


Brennan: He flips his magical saber into the air. You leap.


Bill: I shall leap into hell and kill the devil himself!


Brennan: You are silhouetted by the explosion. Catch the sword of your father.


Lou: Can I call the Hangman to be in the area of my landing?


Brennan: Boom! Teen Wolf and you are out of there.


Ally: Oh my god, he could have survived!


Lou: He wouldn't have wanted to. Oh, and I'd also like to smash any evidence that my father ever had any sort of soft emotional feelings for me as his son.

Brennan: You shatter the palimpsest, and with that the legend of Bill Seacaster is preserved forever. Bloody streak across your face, eye patch covering it, the Sword of the Seacaster is this beautifully, basket hilt wrapped gilded sword at your side. You roar on the Hangman across town as Gorgug, Fig, Adaine, Kristen, and Riz all rush to the prom. Coming across the grounds you hear music. They have a live band. Festive merry making. Gorgug, with the school in your sight you see a little message shows up on your crystal. The message is a couple of days old, it got forwarded to you from your folks, who are now in the tank elsewhere, saying,


Thistlesprings: This got sent to your old email account, but we thought you might like it.


Brennan: From many weeks ago, you see a link from Zelda saying,


Zelda: I was thinking about you, and I made you a playlist, hope you like it.


Zac: Aw.


Siobhan: Aw, so much metal.


Zac: Is that?


Brennan: Zelda's playlist.


Siobhan: Aww.


Brennan: On a nat 20, you knock your opponents prone while you are listening to the playlist.


Zac: Hell yeah, I put on my headphones.


Brennan: There's so many kinds of good metal here, dude. You guys rush the front doors of the gymnasium. You burst through. An orcish band is playing up on the stage. As the doors swing you hear,


Prom Announcer: Presenting your prom king and queen, Penelope Everpetal and Dayne Blade!


Brennan: Students turn to look as you enter, the crowns are poised in the hands of the orcish band members, and Vice Principal Goldenhoard, as the sole chaperone, turns to look at you. I'm going to need everybody here to roll for initiative.


Zac: Advantage, right?


Emily: I got a 20.


Murph: You got a nat 20?


Emily: Oh sorry I got a nat 20.


Murph: Jesus.


Zac: I got a 20 as well because I have advantage.


Ally: I got— 18.


Brennan: And guys, that is it for this week on Fantasy High.


Ally: Ahhh!


Brennan: It's prom baby, see you next week.

[EPISODE16]

Brennan: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the final episode of Fantasy High! I'm Brennan Lee Mulligan. This is Miss Emily Axford.


Emily: Fig.


Brennan: Mr. Zac Oyama.


Zac: Gorgug.


Brennan: Siobhan Thompson.


Siobhan: Adaine.


Brennan: Mr. Lou Wilson.


Lou: Fabian Seacaster.


Brennan: Miss Ally Beardsley.


Ally: I'm Kristen Applebees.


Brennan: And Mr. Brian Murphy.


Murph: Hello, intrepid adventurers! Heroes. Fuck. Blew that bit.


Brennan: Guys, for the final time, say hi, intrepid heroes!


Players: Hi, intrepid heroes!


Murph: That's it.


Brennan: Goddammit. We are here at the gymnasium at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. Our heroes have just crashed the front doors. I will allow you guys to make some Perception or Insight checks. Pick your poison, tell me what you're rolling as you crash in.


Emily: I want to… Okay, I have a 14 and I wanna make sure that the crowns aren't on the heads quite yet.


Brennan: The crowns are about to be placed on the heads, not there yet.


Zac: I got a 17 Perception.


Siobhan: I got a 21 Perception.


Brennan: 17, 21.


Lou: 10--


Ally: 14 Perception.


Lou: 10 Perception.


Murph: 14 investigative.


Brennan: 14 investigative, okay. A 17 and a 21 Perception, Gorgug, you notice Ragh Barkrock over in the corner, still in his letter jacket. Make an Insight check.


Emily: Hmm!


Siobhan: Mm!


Zac: 18.


Brennan: Ragh has a black eye and looks very sad. Adaine, you clock Goldenhoard right over here by the food area.


Adaine: Guys, Goldendick's right over there!


 Fig: Goldenrod--


Brennan: It is combat. The first act in this combat is going to be Fig.


Emily: Okay, I'd like grab Gorgug and Dimension Door to where--


Ally: Oh, grab me, grab me!


Emily: No, no, no. I wanna grab Gorgug and Dimension Door to where they're about to put the crowns on.


Brennan: Is that within range of your spell?


Emily: It's 500 feet.


Brennan: Yeah, that'll do it.


Murph: It's a big gym.


Emily: So, right where they're doing that.


Brennan: Fig, you reach over to Gorgug.

Emily: I say,


Fig: Sorry, trust me.


Ally: Oh, 'cause he goes next.


Brennan: Right here in the midst of all these Orc-ish musicians?


Emily: And then I wanna look at him and say


Fig: Grab the crown.


Emily: And then get on my skateboard and dash away.


Murph: That's so dope!


Brennan: Where do you dash to?


Emily: I'm gonna dash to the side that Ragh is on. Fucking sick kickflip!


Brennan: Four, five, six. So, rushing in, Fig, you were first to act, the memory of your mother flying away on her griffin is still fresh; you take your dope dwarven skateboard, boom! You and Gorgug appear on the stage in a flash of sulfur and brimstone, you kick, ollie, and shoot off the stage; Gorgug, it's your action.


Zac: Okay. I’m grabbing-- Well, okay, I'm not proud of this. Going for her crown versus his crown--


Murph: Wow, dude.


Zac: 'Cause I imagined she's--


Lou: In this climate?


Zac: I'm going into a rage and I'm gonna grab her crown.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an opposed athletics check.


Emily: You can toss it to me if you want afterwards. You're way stronger and I can't--


Murph: Good call.


Zac: First one is 17 but I get advantage 'cause I'm-- and then a nat one, so, thank goodness.


Brennan: You reach out and yank the fucking crown away from Penelope


Siobhan: Sick.


Emily: Break it over your knee! Or you do whatever you want. It's magical.


Zac: I have four bombs. Can I just pull the pin on all of 'em, and run?


Brennan: Right here on the stage?


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: So, you can throw one at a time.


Zac: Okay, never mind. It's not bandolier style?


Brennan: It's not like a bandolier where you can pull all the pins. You can definitely throw one down here on the stage, if you want to.


Zac: Yeah. I think I am. And I'm gonna run towards where Fig was.


Brennan: Cool. You have eight movement so that's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. You hurl your bomb and I’m gonna make dexterity saves for both of them.


Zac: It's 10 radius, right?


Brennan: Yeah, you can hit both of them, so there's one bomb and they're making--


Zac: Can I make an Insight check on if the band is bad?


Brennan: Make an Insight check.


Zac: Aw, that's only a 10.


Brennan: You honestly can't tell. You heard one of them on the way in here going,


Orcish band member: Everybody give it up for your prom king and queen!


Zac: Okay. Well, yeah, just at them, and I'm just running.


Brennan: Just at them, you're running, you're gonna make some saves… Go ahead and roll damage.


Zac: Okay.


Murph: Dope.


Brennan: You need some more dice?


Zac: 6d6.


Ally: Whoa!


Murph: Whoa!


Zac: Hell, yes.


Emily: Wait, six, there's six of us. Everyone get one!


Zac: Oh, yeah!


Murph: Oh, beautiful, beautiful.


Lou: It's our heart and soul. This is with us.


Murph: This bomb is all of us.


Ally: Wow, each bomb is that much?


Zac: Ooh! Six, six, five, one, and one, three. So, that is 12, 18, 19


Siobhan: 22.


Zac: 22.


Ally: Each?


Brennan: That's 22 damage. Dayne looks around and goes,


Dayne: Huh, babe!


Brennan: Blows up; he is-- doesn't look too badly injured but definitely got the full force of that blast. Penelope Everpetal raises a hand to you and says,


Penelope: If you wanna be cool, you should give my boyfriend my crown BACK!


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a wisdom saving throw and I'm going to need you to subtract 2d4 from the roll.


Zac: 2d4, and being in a rage does not help me right now?


Brennan: This is a--


Zac: It's not a charm?


Emily: Aren't you immune from being charmed?


Brennan: Mindless Rage! The spell does not work! She says a bunch of shit to you and all you're hearing in your head is fucking Zelda's beautiful--


Zac: This music rules!


Brennan: Dayne Blade leaps off the stage, rushes here.


Emily: Sorry to put you in the...

Zac: I'm happy to be in it.


Murph: Yeah, he's kinda gotta be, right?


Brennan: He makes a roll. I'm gonna need you to beat a 23 on an athletics check.


Murph: C’mon Gorgug...


Lou: He does it, easy.


Siobhan: You got advantage.


Zac: So, the first one's only 13. Ooh!


Siobhan: Yes!


Zac: What'd I have to beat?


Brennan: 23


Zac: 26.

Emily: Fuck you, Dayne!


Brennan: Dayne Blade runs over, grabs it, he's like,


Dayne: Let go of my girlfriend's crown, dude!


Gorgug: No!

Brennan: That is going to be… Riz, at the beginning of every one of your turns, I would like you roll for police. This round, if you roll a nat 20, your mom will show up.


Murph: Sweet!


Riz: Mom!

Murph: Nope.


Brennan: Alright! What do you do?


Murph: Okay. I am going to hop on back of the Hangman.


Lou: Presumptuous.


Murph: Yeah, and I say,


Riz: Captain Fabian and The Ball, let's do this, best friends!


Murph: And I wanna ready an action-- I wanna ready an action so that whoever he attacks, I wanna poke out and sneak attack ‘em.


Brennan: Whoever attacks him you see--


Murph: Whoever he attacks.


Brennan: Gotcha.


Murph: On his turn.


Brennan: Incredible!


Lou: Incredible.


Brennan: That's going to be Kristen.


Ally: Great. Can I see what 60 feet looks like?


Brennan: You sure can. 60 feet is...


Lou: Oh, my God, The Ball. It’s too sweet.


Brennan: About to the half point of the gym.


Ally: Great. How many spaces do I get?


Brennan: Six, you can move six.


Ally: Okay. I'm gonna go one, two, three, four, five, six. Oh, dang, okay. I need someone to throw me or something.


Zac: But if you get there, you get 60 feet from there. Right, for a spell?


Ally: Yeah, but I need to reach the stage.


Lou: Could you--


Murph: Never mind.


Lou: How many people can the Hangman carry? If she readied an action,

could we drag her? Could we get her to the halfway mark en route to somewhere else?


Brennan: You could take Kristen with you… If you make an acrobatics check to stay on the bike, you can do that.


Ally: Okay, cool. Acrobatics, I have negative three!


Murph: You have a minus three.


Ally: What about athletics?


Siobhan: You know what, baby girl? Why don't you ready an action until I go?


Ally: Okay. I ready an action--


Zac: Baby girl.

Ally: But before I do that, let's see. I cast Spirit Guardians.


Murph: Dope.


Brennan: Cool! Done deal.


Ally: Oh, then I can't ready an action right?


Brennan: You can actually just totally lower your initiative and go after Adaine, if you want.


Ally: Done, I would love to do that.


Brennan: Done deal.


Ally: Great.


Murph: You're self-consciously looking at Adaine.


Ally: I'm just like--


Brennan: Fabian, that'll be you.


Siobhan: I wink at her.


Lou: Alright.


Kristen: What does it mean?

Lou: With that 10 Perception check, am I able to tell if anyone is wearing the tuxedo from earlier or is bleeding out of the left hand--


Brennan: Not with a 10.


Lou: Okay, can I make another--


Brennan: Make another perception on your turn. Call it DC 15.


Lou: Great. Oh, my God! 13-- I got a 14--


Murph: Can I assist him? I wanna give him my magnifying glass.


Brennan: You give him your magnifying glass, you roll with advantage.


Lou: Oh, alright. Nope, it's still the--


Murph: Dammit!


Brennan: You do not see the person here in the hall.


Lou: Alright. Well, then, in that case, I'm not gonna let Gorgug get away with having all the fun. I'd like to drive the Hangman toward Dayne, get as close to Dayne as I can, all the while, if I can Teen Wolf it on top to jump off and attack him.


Brennan: Go ahead make me one more Perception check.


Lou: Okay. 10.


Brennan: 10 is the exact DC you needed. As you get closer, you are racing this thing like, "I don't spot him anywhere. Gorgug, where's Gorgug?" You see Dayne hefting his great sword with a bandage around his left hand.


Lou: Oh, yes! This is all so crazy. How fast are we-- We're going very fast, right?


Brennan: Incredibly fast.


Lou: Can I yell to, what's his name, Ragh Barkrock as we ride past him?


Fabian: The fight is on! Hoot growl!


Brennan: Go ahead and make a Persuasion check for me!


Lou: Alright.


Siobhan: Don't you have advantage on that?


Lou: Do I have advantage on Persuasion?


Siobhan: Oh, no, Intimidation.


Lou: Oh, Intimidation. That's 11.


Brennan: 11. Ragh looks up at you so sad-looking and looks around at the fight starting. You leap off here, the Hangman rockets past; Riz you have a readied action. Do you leap off the Hangman or no?


Murph: I guess I'll stay on it.


Brennan: Cool. You stay on it. Incredible. Fabian, go ahead and take your attack.


Lou: Great. 11.


Brennan: 11's not gonna do it.


Lou: Great, and 22.


Brennan: 22 does it.


Lou: Oh, great. Hmmm hmhm. 11.


Brennan: Your sword finds purchase, bam! You see Dayne whips around and says,


Dayne: Whoa, you? Fuck you, dude. Fucking wear a letter jacket on the first day, not even on the team!


Fabian: No, fuck you!


Murph: And then I shoot him?

Brennan: And you shoot him. Go for it.


Murph: I try to shoot him. That is a 20 to hit?


Brennan: 20 hits!


Murph: Dope.


Zac: Riz get sneak attack?


Murph: Yeah! 'Cause it's around other people.


Zac: Whoo!


Murph: C’mon, baby!


Siobhan: Oh, my God!


Ally: Ooh!


Murph: Pretty good! 11, 15, 20, 22, 28 damage.


Brennan: Jesus Christ! You guys surround Dayne Blade with his Prom King crown on his head.


Emily: Well, first we bombed him.


Brennan: First you bombed him. He's partially burned, he's got his little crown on his head, he's fucking holding the sword there. He swings around, bam, whoosh, slash, and is just surrounded on all sides. That's going to be Adaine's turn.


Siobhan: I do a little du-du-du and I cast fly on my girl Kristen.


Ally: Sick.


Siobhan: And then, I guess I go up here a little bit.


Brennan: Yeah, go for it!


Siobhan: As far as I can, which is about here, probably.


Brennan: Sure. Hell, yeah.


Siobhan: Right?


Brennan: Yup, great!


Siobhan: And that is, wait, hang on a second. Yeah, no, that's what I'll do.


Brennan: Rad. Kristen, that's going to be your turn!


Ally: Awesome.


Brennan: You feel yourself - Adaine's eyes glow white.


Ally: I fly… How far can I fly?


Brennan: 60, right?


Ally: Hell, yeah.


Brennan: So you can go--


Ally: Half court?


Brennan: Half court, yeah.


Ally: I fly, and as I'm right here, I cast Banishment on Penelope and I send her to another plane of existence that's harmless, but she's incapacitated.


Brennan: Alright, hold on one second.


Lou: Guys, great wild first turn!


Ally: Yeah, I know!


Brennan: Truly wild!


Siobhan: Nobody else is done yet!


Murph: Remember the corn fight?


Ally: Yeah!


Lou: Yeah! Guys, I'd like to believe everyone is just standing in this prom, watching us just like--


Brennan: Vroom! Kristen flying over everyone's head, racing towards the stage. Penelope… What level spell is--


Ally: This is a fourth-level spell and she has to make a Charisma saving throw or be banished.


Brennan: Okay.


Zac: For how long?


Siobhan: For a minute.


Ally: Yeah, one minute.


Murph: It's 10 rounds.


Zac: Sheesh.


Murph: Should be helpful.


Brennan: First of all, Penelope goes, "Huh!" And throws a Counterspell at you if she rolls a 9 or higher.


Ally: Ooh!


Brennan: Your mighty cleric's spell blasts through the Counterspell, she makes her saving throw.


Ally: What does she have to hit for that? What's the Charisma--


Brennan: I believe, for you, it's 16, right?


Ally: Yeah, 16.


Brennan: Should be a 16. And she resists the spell.


Zac: Fuck.


Emily: Nice try, man.


Murph: At least she burned a Counterspell.


Lou: Great idea, dude.


Emily: Yeah, that's true!


Lou: Dope as hell, dude.


Murph: Counterspell’s a, like, level four or five?


Lou: I mean, at the end of the day, you’re still flying over the gym.


Ally: Yeah!

Lou: Remember when we fought the corn?


Ally: Don't got a lot of spells left!


Brennan: You see Vice Principal Goldenhoard. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. 

Murph: Oh, shit.


Zac: Oh, fuck.


Lou: Fig, why are we so close to you?


Brennan: I'm gonna need you, my man Gorgug, to go ahead and make an opposed athletics check. You have to beat a 24.


Zac: 'Kay.


Murph: C'mon, Gorgug.


Zac: First one's 18. 18's the higher one.


Brennan: Striding, boom, boom! Goldenhoard says,


Goldenhoard: Ah, young students who've decided to show yourselves! 

Brennan: Leaps up with the cricket bat, brings it to your face-- does not strike your face but uses the moment of distraction to snatch the crown from your hand, and hurls it to Penelope.


Zac: Right in front of Dayne, right?


Brennan: That is going to be the students and the band. You see that one of the orcs grabs the mic and says,


Orcish band member: Alright, everybody out of the gym! Let's go, gang!


Brennan: You see all these students begin to rush about willy-nilly, all just freaking out and trying to figure out what's happening, you see some rush over to the food tables to grab as much food as they can before whatever happens, happens. You see the band begins to very quickly pack up their instruments, they're going like, "Go, go, go!" Click click click click click click click click, cases going together, grabbing amps and stuff like that.


Siobhan: Okay, so they weren't too bad.


Zac: Something bad's going to happen?


Siobhan: Maybe.


Brennan: Fig, that's gonna be your turn.


Emily: How does Dayne look? How fucked up does he look?


Brennan: Rough, he looks rough.


Emily: Okay. Then I'm going to reckless shred, which means he'll have disadvantage on his saving throw, and cast Dissonant Whispers, third level, on him.


Brennan: Ooh, baby. His disadvantage on his saving throw fails miserably.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Emily: Okay, can I borrow four d6s?


Siobhan: Nice.


 Lou: Great catch.


Siobhan: Really great.


Emily: I need one more.


Zac: That's four-- Oh.


Emily: I meant-- I need one more. Okay, I hit him for not great, but 15.


Brennan: He goes and moves as far away as he can on his reaction here to the corner. That's gonna be reactions from Gorgug, Fabian, and Riz; you guys all get opportunities. Okay.


Murph: Holy shit.


Emily: Sick.


Zac: With my attack, can I try to knock the crown off his head? 

Brennan: Sure, you can try to knock the crown off his head, yeah.


Lou: Does 17 hit?


Brennan: 17 hits.


Lou: With the Sentinel reaction, his movement is zero after I hit him, so I guess he can't move?


Brennan: I would actually say, if he's here and attempts it, everybody still gets the same attack of opportunity so I think he's just frozen and you guys all get your attacks on him.


Zac: I got a 17 as well.


Murph: I got a 20.


Brennan: 17, 20? You guys all hit.


Ally: Jesus!


Zac: Oh, yeah, so.


Lou: Eight.


Zac: 13.


Murph: 14, 16, 19, 20, 26.


Zac: Does my-- I got a 13, but--


Brennan: You want to knock the crown off his head.


Zac: Yes.


Brennan: You are not sure if this will affect the prophecy or not, 'cause the wording of the prophecy is specific as the crown thing. So, you can choose to deal the damage directly to him or you knock the crown off.


Murph: He’s kind of already been — crowned, right?


Zac: Hm. Hmmm. I'm gonna do a damage.


Brennan: Do the damage? Awesome. You see, you go. Hit this chord, he goes,


Dayne: Oh no, that music is too powerful!


Brennan: Takes a step back; Fabian, you slam the sword of the Seacasters through his foot, nailing him to the spot. Gorgug, you slash his stomach open as you blast his brains out from behind. Dayne is fucking dead, baby!


Emily: Shit!


Siobhan: Fuck you, man!


Ally: Fuck!


Emily: Does it take an action for me to steal his shadow?


Brennan: It may.


Emily: Okay.


Brennan: Go ahead and look that up, and I'll let you do it if you can do it as a reaction. You see that Ragh looks at you and goes,


Ragh: No!


Brennan: Rushes forward--


Zac: Ragh, Dayne sucks!

Ally: Ooh! I know what's going on here.


Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make an opposed Athletics check.


Zac: Okay. Not that one.


Brennan: 25's what you gotta beat.


Emily: Yup, using a reaction, so I steal his shadow. (mystical whoosh sound effect)


Brennan: Go for it, yup.


Zac: I got a 23.


Brennan: Ragh grapples you to the ground and then hits you for first--


Murph: I should've fucking killed that dude. Just kill everyone we take hostage.


Brennan: 14 halved to seven, and then 11 halved to five.


Zac: I'm at 50.


Brennan: He's going, hitting you as hard as he can. That is going to be Gorgug's turn.


Zac: Can I just make a Persuasion check? First? Does that take my action?


Brennan: I'll let you do it instead of movement, how about it? So, you can do an action and then a movement.


Emily: Yeah, you're right in front of Goldenrod. So you wouldn't need to move if you wanted to attack him.


Zac: Well, I just wanted to stop the crown thing.


Emily: Oh, yeah!


Zac: Because she’s got-- The crown is flying through the air at her?


Brennan: Yeah, she's reaching her hand out for it as it's flying through the air.


Zac: If I try to get up and throw a… 


Siobhan: Just do it!


Zac: Throw a hand ax, can I do both of those things?


Brennan: You have to beat Ragh at a grapple to escape the grapple.


Zac: Okay.


Siobhan: Does Ragh have to roll in that grapple as well?


Brennan: He does but he rolls with advantage because he's raging.


Zac: Okay. I'm going to try to get out first.


Brennan: Okay, you have to beat a… 


Ally: A nat 20?


Brennan: You have to beat a nat 20. Have to roll a nat 20.


Zac: C'mon, bitch, c'mon. 16. 13.


Emily: Dammit!


Brennan: You were unable to get it, you still have your action.


Zac: Okay. I'm just gonna start attacking him from here, 'cause I'm mad. 

Brennan: Cool.


Zac: 22. And then, you said I should roll all my--


Brennan: 22 hits.


Zac: Alright. I'll just keep rolling my other attacks. 18?


Brennan: Sorry, 22 and 18?


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: 18 hits as well.


Zac: And then, 16.


Brennan: All three hit.


Zac: Okay, cool. Nine. Wait, what was that? Yeah, nine, and then 10. Ooh.


Siobhan: Ooh!


Zac: And then 19.


Brennan: Nine, 10, and 19?


Zac: 19 and 19, so, 38?


Brennan: Jesus Christ.


Lou: We're monsters.


Ally: Yeah!


Brennan: You try to get out of the grapple, doesn't work, he's just weeping, he's like,


Ragh: Dayne was the coolest, dude! 

Zac: He sucks!


Brennan: Bam, bam, bam! Ax across his chest, Ragh screams in pain.


Zac: Is that half 'cause he's raging, or no?


Brennan: It looks like it; even halved, 38 is a fair amount of damage. Penelope Everpetal places the crown on her head.


Siobhan: Shit.


Brennan: Strides over here to the front of the stage and lifts a hand.


Zac: Fuck.


Brennan: I'm gonna need Kristen to make a Dexterity saving throw.


Ally: Cool.


Siobhan: Oh, no.


Ally: Do I get anything on this? Not good. Six.


Brennan: Nine, 11, 26… You take 36 points of fire damage.


Ally: Jesus!


Brennan: Penelope raises her hand, not even fighting smart at this point, ignores this whole crowd of people, and hits just Kristen with a fireball.

Penelope: Trying to banish me? I am the fucking Prom Queen! I let them put my best friend in that crystal! You think you're gonna take this from me? My moment? Fuck you!


Brennan: And is surrounded by energy on all sides. Arcane magic swirling around her. That is going to be Dayne.


Zac: Who's dead, right?


Brennan: Who's dead as a doornail. Sometimes you make a villain and they die in the first two rounds. Did you guys know that? Sometimes they just die right away.


Zac: I know it now.


Brennan: Now you know it! That is going to be Riz.


Murph: Okay.


Lou: Still on the back of a Hangman.


Murph: I'm still on the Hangman.


Lou: The ship is yours, The Ball. Whatever you'd have it do.


Murph: Appreciate that, appreciate that. Okay, so it seems like they've been crowned.


Lou: Yes.


Murph: He needs to behold his treasure, I'm wondering if I should try to...


Siobhan: Blind him?


Murph: Blind him somehow. 'Cause they've been crowned. I don't know how much it's gonna help to knock him down now.


Ally: Yeah.


Murph: Cool.


Siobhan: Yeah, go for the eyes.


Murph: What the fuck could I do to him that would blind him? I'm not very athletic or anything.


Ally: Hold your magnifying glass up to the sun!


Siobhan: Shoot him the eye, dude!


Murph: Yeah, I think that's just gonna do damage. Maybe I should just go after Penelope there. Alright, I am, I guess… I'll leave the Hangman for my boy Fabian and I'm just going to, oh, but I won't get to sneak attack on her.


Ally: Put her in your briefcase.


Lou: I'm also thinking about attacking Penelope.


Zac: Do you roll for the police?


Lou: Oh, yeah.


Murph: Oh, you know what? Yeah, I do, right? Brennan, I roll to see if the police come?


Brennan: Roll for the police. 19 or 20 does it.


Murph: 13, fuck.


Ally: It looked like a 19.


Murph: Okay, I think maybe I'll ready an action again to wait for Fabian, I'll attack who he attacks. That way I get to sneak attack.


Lou: Is there any chance you have a feel for what the aura is or the nature of the aura?


Murph: Yeah, can I check her out?


Brennan: Of the aura around her? Yeah, go for it.


Murph: Uh, 21.


Brennan: On a-- what kind of roll is this?


Murph: I did Investigate.


Brennan: Investigate. You see a ruby necklace hanging around her neck.


Riz: She's got your dad!


Ally: Was that her best friend?


Emily: What?


Siobhan: No! It's Sam Nightingale!


Ally: I'm down to a five! I burned to a crisp and I'm in the air, I'm like an advertisement for chicken.


Murph: Cool, so I'll attack whoever Fabian attacks.


Siobhan: What chicken adverts are you watching?


Ally: It's just like if you went to prom and there's a dangling chicken leg?


Siobhan: What prom did you go to?


Emily: Is that the glittering bounty?


Zac: Think it's your dad.


Emily: No, no, no, but is that what he needs to behold?


Murph : Holy shit.


Siobhan: Oh, shit.


Zac: Who knows?


Lou: Well.


Murph: Okay, when do you go in? Are you next?


Lou: I think I'm after Adaine.


Brennan: No, actually it's Fabian.


Lou: Oh, fantastic.


Murph: Great, so yeah, I'll go with you.


Lou: I would like the Hangman to drive in front of the stage, I would like to run and jump off of the Hangman and attempt to grapple Penelope Everpetal.


Brennan: Hell, yeah! You leap on the Hangman (makes zipping noise), it pulls to the front, you leap off, go ahead and make an Athletics check, we'll call it a DC 10.


Lou: Great.


Brennan: Done.


Lou: Done.


Brennan: You leap off, go ahead and make an opposed Athletics, you have to beat a 1.


Lou: Well, I do handily.


Brennan: So, Fabian, broad-shouldered, athletic, powerful, leaps from the back of the Hangman. Penelope, a five-foot-two Prom Queen, in a bright pink dress, summoning all of her magical energy.


Penelope: This is my moment!


Brennan: Whap! Bam! Evil is real and Penelope is no joke. She's a powerful sorceress. Nobody feels great about what they just saw. Even Goldenhoard goes,


Goldenhoard: Ooh, Jesus Christ! No, no, no.


Brennan: Penelope is taken to the ground.


Emily: Cover her ruby with your bod.


Lou: Uh--


Ally: With your bod!


Siobhan: Rub yourself up against her, dude! That's the second time you grappled a woman!


Brennan: That’s gonna be-- You have one sword attack if you want.


Lou: Yes.


Brennan: Yeah, go for it!


Lou: At this point, I killed my father today. Yes! 11?


Murph: Does he get advantage because she's prone?


Lou: Oh, yeah, do I get advantage 'cause she's prone?


Brennan: Yeah, you get advantage 'cause she's prone, yeah, for sure.


Lou: 20, a modified 20.


Brennan: Yes, correct, you hit.


Lou: 10.


Brennan: You slash across her arm with the sword of the Seacasters, she goes,


Penelope: You fucking psycho!


Fabian: Yes! Yes!


Brennan: With a little flash of Bill!


Ally: Yeah, psycho!


Murph: And then I'm going to jump off the Hangman with my sword of shadows and yell,


Riz: I know this looks bad but she's evil!

Murph: Oh, my God, I rolled so bad! 16? She's prone, right?


Brennan: She is prone, but she uses the Shield spell to raise her AC. That is going to be Riz, Fabian; Adaine, that'll be you.


Adaine: Shit, I'm so fucking far away.


Murph: At least I'm off the Hangman, right?


Zac: Is it spell centering?


Lou: You're a fucking badass!


Siobhan: I guess I'm gonna cast fly on myself and do a double movement to get to the stage.


Brennan: You're gonna drop the concentration on--


Siobhan: Oh, shit, if I do that?


Brennan: On Kristen if you did that.


Siobhan: Okay, yeah.


Ally: Well, I wish you had this teddy bear.


Siobhan: How far is 100 feet?


Brennan: 100 is even more than this. This is up to 80, so 100 would be four more squares from here, so, one, two, three, like here.


Siobhan: Okay. Could I get to here and hit Goldenhoard?


Brennan: Yeah, if you take your full movement, you can hit Goldenhoard.


Siobhan: I just wanna make sure that there's nobody else in the way, because I wanna do lightning bolt and I don't wanna hit anybody else.


Brennan: This is against the rules but I don't care. Make a DC 15 Arcana check 'cause you have the Spell Sniper feat and that sounds like it would do that.


Siobhan: Great. Nope.


Zac: How 'bout resistance of thunder damage?


Siobhan: Okay.


Brennan: You are going to hit some students or somebody to try to hit him with a lightning bolt.


Siobhan: Okay, well, that's the risk you take when you go to the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.


Lou: Amen, amen!


Siobhan: I yell as I do it,


Adaine: Come on, fellow students, are you men or are you mice? Get on the fucking right team!


Siobhan: And then I cast Lightning Bolt towards Goldenhoard.


Brennan: Rad! He and Ragh are both gonna make some saves here. What's the DC on that?


Siobhan: My DC is 15.


Brennan: Okay.


Siobhan: And it's a Dexterity saving throw.


Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.


Siobhan: Great, so it's 8d6.


Zac: Eight?


Brennan: Need some more d6s?


Siobhan: Yes.


Lou: And my d6.


Siobhan: And then also, I'll do this twice. Great.


Zac: Oh, nice.


Siobhan: Oh, shit.


Zac: Or bad?


Siobhan: No, good. Uh, 17, 20, 22, 24, 28.


Brennan: Ragh gets it full force across the back. Goldenhoard dodged to the side, clips across his face; you don't see a facial reaction. You injured him and it seems like a day in the fucking park.


Emily: Who, Goldenrod?


Brennan: Goldenhoard, yup.


Siobhan: I can do a Misty Step, right?


Brennan: Not two spells in the same round. Lightning Bolt is taken care of.


Siobhan: Right, it's 'cause it's two steps, okay, great.


Brennan: That is going to be Kristen!


Ally: Great. I have something that heals half health, right? Half hit points or--


Murph: Yeah. Preserve Life?


Brennan: Preserve Life, yes. So, that can heal you up to half. And I think it's five times level, so you can heal up to 40 hit points with that.


Ally: Cool. And no one else is hurt, right?


Murph: Who else is below--


Zac: I mean we're all kinda, I'm at 50 and my max is 112.


Ally: So, that's five people within 30 feet. Am I 30 feet from these people if I fly over them?


Brennan: Yeah, you can fly over them, you can do that.


Murph: 'Cause you're at five, you should heal yourself.


Ally: Yeah, I'm definitely gonna heal myself and four other people.


Murph: And then you can just throw Zac a couple other--


Zac: Doesn’t your ability give you some healing when you heal other people?


Brennan: Cool!


Murph: 'Cause nobody else is at half.


Ally: But we all came in at half from helping our parents.


Emily: No, 'cause he healed me, I don't need anything.


Murph: We also had bonus hit points 'cause of you.


Ally: Oh, yeah, right.


Murph: So, only the people who have been attacked here are under halfway.


Brennan: Right, so who's been damaged?


Zac: I'm at 50 but I could use a little bit.


Brennan: Just you two, So, just you two.


Ally: Cool, okay! So then I give myself 35 and then I also take… I get an extra 10 from auto-heals. (soft ding) So that's 45, which brings me up to 50 because I was at five. And then...


Murph: It's only Gorgug.


Zac: How much do I get, 15, is that what you're saying?


Brennan: You did 30 to yourself so you get 10.


Zac: Okay.


Brennan: Does that makes sense? You had 40 to split up amongst people.


Ally: Oh, gotcha. Okay, cool.


Zac: That's still very helpful, thank you.


Ally: Cool! And then, could I actually have changed that to fly to up here and still help Gorgug?


Brennan: Oh, sure, you can actually land up here on this walkway.


Ally: Yeah, I wanna get hidden, and then, can I duck or is that an action?


Brennan: You can try-- you can't really hide on your turn, you can give yourself cover.


Ally: Cool. I do that.


Brennan: Goldenhoard takes a full disengage. Moves out to right here.


Murph: Oh, fuck.


Brennan: He's looking right past you, Adaine. Takes a little crystal clicker--


: Oh, shit.


Brennan: Out from his thing and goes,


Goldenhoard: "I have waited so very long."


Brennan: Click! Except, farther away, through the open doors of the gym, down across the yard, over the little hedge, you see the KVX Bank that they built next to the school.


Emily: That’s his— yeah.


Brennan: The top of the bank explodes, the walls crumble, and the largest mountain of gold you have ever seen stands before you. Goldenhoard goes,


Goldenhoard: This rules!

Emily: Shit.


Zac: Oh, no!


Zac: It's so big. He’s moving so much stuff around.


Siobhan: Oh, no, my God!


Brennan brings out a very very large red dragon figurine, which is still wearing a suit and tie.


Ally: No!

Siobhan: Oh, my fucking God!


Brennan: He immediately crushes and flattens the two students underneath him. Boom!

Kalvaxus: Ah, yes! The emperor of The Red Waste has returned! The time is now for a new age of fire and conquest, and money, money, money for me! Rich once more! I am the trustee and I shall pay my dividends to myself!


Fig: That's a wafting metaphor, dude.


Emily: Whew!


Siobhan: Yeah, dude.


Ally: Fuck.


Murph: Everybody spread out.


Emily: For a dragon, poetic.


Brennan: I am going to need, I'm gonna need everybody here to roll a Wisdom saving throw.


Lou: It's not fear, is it?


Brennan: It is fear.


Zac: Oh, okay, good. Thank you. 

Lou: Thank fucking God.


Ally: 23.


Lou: 'Cause I rolled a 5.


Zac: I had a 10.


Emily: 18.


Brennan: 23 from Kristen?


Siobhan: I got an 11.


Brennan: What did Fig get?


Emily: 18.


Ally: Yes!


Murph: 20.


Zac: Nat 20?


Murph: No nat 20, 19, so 20.


Brennan: Erupting from his humanoid form, the dragon, Kalvaxus, Emperor of The Red Waste, spreads his mighty wings inside the gymnasium, completely ruining this year's prom. The theme A Knight to Remember will indeed be a night to remember. But with not the K, just a regular night to remember.


Zac: Yes.


Siobhan: We got it. Good pun.


Brennan: Thank you, thank you. Gorgug, I'm going to need you to make an Insight check.


Zac: Fucking 2; no, wait, 4.


Brennan: 4?


Zac: Goddammit!

Lou: No. No.


Brennan: It's all been leading to this moment. The pieces all fall into place. Numbers, moments, memories.


Goldenhoard: You shouldn't give him your flower. He doesn't deserve to be your friend.


Brennan: What a caring thing to say. The exact kind of thing that a father would say to a son. That's why he wasn't there. Your father has been the villain this whole time.


Gorgug: Of course!


Brennan: It is the story of the hero's journey. You must defeat your father in combat. You must lay low he who cast darkness and doubt over your life. Gorgug, this is your dad.


Gorgug: Father, stop this!


Kalvaxus: What?


Gorgug: Quit it, Dad!


Kalvaxus: What? What are you talking about?


 Gorgug: You t— my d— uh… You’re my da—



Kalvaxus: This is exactly what I'm talking about! The last time I reigned, they sent the Queen and her best heroes! I get the fucking B Squad? I get the loser patrol? Give me a break! You got this kid, who's completely confused and clumsy, no idea what the fuck is going on, the only thing special about you is that some god decided you were special randomly!


Kristen: No.


Kalvaxus: We got this kid who, I can see from you shaking in your boots right now, you're not clever enough for the library, and you're not brave enough for the world! This kid, you, your father is more man than you'll ever be, and I'll tell you what else, you will only be a pale, soft reflection of him. And then this kid — so unlovable that your father would rather go to Hell than stay with you!

Fig: Could you please stop flirting with me? It is so— Goldenrod...


Kalvaxus: Young lady--


Fig: You might have a jail cell waiting for you. Also,


Kalvaxus: My God!


Fig: No offense, I kind of am seeing someone.


Kalvaxus: I am a full-grown dragon! I'm going to eat you—


Fig: Oh, my God!


Kalvaxus: No, no, no, no! You're making a sexual--


Fig: I'm not ready for that!


Kalvaxus: You're making this sexual! We do not have a thing!


Brennan: You see, he goes,


Kalvaxus: This kid thinks I'm his fucking dad.


Gorgug: Are you?


Kalvaxus: Idiot, freak, loser! And a Ball.


Riz: The Ball, bitch!

Kalvaxus: And I'll tell you what, Ball. As you know from my binding, I was forbidden from harming Solesian citizens. Your father had to renounce his citizenship when he entered the service.


Kalvaxus: Devouring him was the greatest joy I have known these past 300 years.


Riz: It's gonna feel so good when I shoot you with his goddamn gun!

Brennan: Adaine, you are gripped with terror. Students, they fucking flee, just flee, screaming.


Fabian: Fucking pussies!


Fig: Woooow, you all belong in Mumple.


Riz: Don't you take adventuring classes?


Gorgug: What is your life if not this?


Brennan: Hold on. Yeah, thanks.


Zac: Is this helpful?


Brennan: This is helpful.


Zac: They knocked some fruit off the table.


Brennan: Oh, yeah, it's fucking chaos over here.


Emily: It does look like a great spread of food.


Zac: Too many bananas.


Lou: Can this one guy stay?


Siobhan: Definitely too many bananas for a prom.


Murph: Can that one guy still be milling around?


Emily: That is like super weird to eat— and be at a school day.


Brennan: One dude is still there milling around.

Zac: Should I take him?


Siobhan: No, just leave him. He’s like, still eating an apple.


Murph: He’s milling around.


Lou: He passed his Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: These orcs start frantically trying to get some more of their gear. Actually, no, no, the orcs fully abandon their gear and run. Their gear is scattered across the stage.


Zac: “My dad gave me this cymbal.”


Brennan: That is going to go back to Fig. Fig, unfortunately, 18 was not high enough.


Murph: Oh, shit.


Emily: What?


Brennan: 18 was not a high enough roll; the DC for that check was 19.


Ally: Wow.


Zac: To do what?


Emily: Fucking kidding me?


Brennan: I am not kidding you. After your salty barbs for Goldenhoard, you see that he turns to face you and goes,


Kalvaxus: Come to think of it, maybe we should have a thing, you and I.


Fig: I'm more into dwarves.


Brennan: Speaking of which, you drop your dwarven skateboard and flee under the frightened condition. So you have to take a full turn trying to escape, that's dragon fear. You make it all the way out the door on your skateboard. At the end of your turn, you can make another saving throw.


Emily: So, I had to use my whole action to flee, but now it's the end of my turn, so I can make another saving throw?


Brennan: Your whole action was fleeing, now you may make another Wisdom saving throw. You're trying to get 19.


Emily: Fuck. I'm fucked. I got it!


Brennan: Are you for real?


Emily: Yeah, I got exactly 19!


Brennan: Insane!


Emily: So, I run around and then I'm like,


Fig: Just kidding, bitch.

Ally: And you do a on the skateboard.


Brennan: If somebody would like to go ahead and put Miss Faeth over by Adaine.


Lou: Ooh, oh I've got an idea.


Siobhan: Good, I love ideas.


Brennan: That is going to be now Ragh, who's going to keep swinging at--


Emily: So, can I not use a bonus action or anything like that? Or was that my whole--


Brennan: You used to bonus action to dash. That's going to be Ragh attacking you. What's your armor class again, man?


Zac: 14.


Brennan: 14, okay. He hits you for 9 damage and then - and that's halved.


Zac: So, 4 or 5?


Brennan: Sorry, it was 18. Halved to 9, then he hits you for 13, halved to 6, and then he hits you for 15, halved to 7.


Zac: Okay, so 29, fuck. I'm at 31.


Brennan: That is going to be Gorgug.


Zac: Damn. I'm gonna try to get up because I have to get out of this.


Murph: You'd probably try to convince him, right?


Zac: I have zero persuasion though.


Murph: He's stupid.


Brennan: If you wanna persuade him, I will give you advantage on this roll.


Zac: Hell, yeah. I'm gonna try to persuade him.


Kristen: Hey,


Ally: I yell from up there.


Kristen: I think he's kinda clearly in love with Dayne! I think he's gay, too, or maybe I just think everyone's gay!


Zac: Alright. Ooh, 15?


Brennan: What do you say to Ragh?


Gorgug: Ragh—


Brennan: Behind you. 

Gorgug: I'm sorry that we killed your friend but he was kind of a jerk to you. Where'd you get that black eye?


Ragh: No, dude! Dayne was the best man! I went and told him, 'cause I talked to Jawbone, and he said just talk about your feelings, and I told Dayne about my feelings, and he socked me in the face and he said that he wouldn't tell anybody so I could stay on the Owlbears.


Gorgug: But he socked you in the face, right? Look behind me. Do you see the--


Fig: Kiss him, Gorgug.


Brennan: He looks behind you and he goes,


Ragh: I loved Dayne.


Gorgug: I’m— so sorry—


Kristen: Told you!


Fabian: Okay, not the time, Kristen!


Kristen: Called it!


Adaine: Stop outing students!


Gorgug: There's other Daynes out there.


Ragh: Nobody’s ever, I'm just an idiot and I'm ugly. No one's ever gonna like me.


Zac: I'm just gonna kiss him.

Kristen: Make out, make out!


Brennan: You pull...


Ally: This is hot.


Brennan: My God. You haven't kissed Zelda yet, this is your first kiss.


Zac: This is my second kiss. Someone's dad kissed me or something?


Siobhan: Well, third kiss, because Kristen—


Ally: I kissed everyone.


Siobhan: Kristen kissed him and Zelda's dad kissed you.


Brennan: That's right! Sorry, it's your third kiss.


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: You pull Ragh in close, plant a tender kiss.


Ragh: Wow, I got kissed at prom.

Zac: I go,


Gorgug: Help us kill this dragon!


Ragh: Fuck, yeah! Hoot growl!


Players: Hoot growl! Hoot growl! Hoot growl!


Ragh: Let's do it! I'm gay now!


Brennan: He feels more himself— he is filled with a sense of belonging and a centeredness.


Ragh: Fucking out, bitch!


Brennan: And leaps through the air at Goldenhoard.


Lou: What an arc. What an incredible arc.


Zac: That was my whole turn though?


Brennan: You could either take a movement or an action. One of those was the persuasion check.


Zac: I'm gonna move...


Siobhan: Don't you get to take a movement at the end of your turn anyway? So, you should take an action.


Brennan: Yeah, you can bonus action move towards Goldenhoard.


Zac: Yeah, I guess I should. I'm going to throw, no, I'm gonna… Can I move… Ah, fuck, okay. I'm trying to figure out, I wanna get on this side of him and attack him. But is that too many things?


Brennan: Of Goldenhoard?


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: Yeah, that's too many things.


Zac: Okay.


Murph: Don’t you have a bonus action?


Zac: My bonus action is to move.


Brennan: So, you can move towards him. So, you can go one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight is here.


Zac: Okay.


Murph: We don't all wanna be next to each other.


Zac: I'll just move to the side.


Brennan: Cool.


Zac: And I'm gonna fucking attack this dude. Is it my full attack?


Siobhan: Awesome.


Brennan: You took a bonus action so it's just two attacks.


Zac: Okay. 11?

Murph: Believe it or not?


Siobhan: Oh, no.


Zac: 12.

Brennan: Cling-clang!


Kalvaxus: Ohoho, little loser listening to his music wants to strike Kalvaxus!


Gorgug: I guess.


Emily: He's not wearing any armor, though. Just kidding, I'm just kidding.


Brennan: Emily, I sometimes can't tell when you're really fucking with me or not, okay? It's so hard to remember all the rules! It's so hard! That is going to be Penelope Everpetal.


Siobhan: Bitch.


Murph: We're wasting time with all these dummies but they're gonna kill us--


Emily: At least Dayne's out of the way.


Murph: Yeah, seriously, it's helpful. But there's a freaking dragon.


Brennan is measuring a distance on the map, then grabs Penelope’s mini.


Brennan: Vwoop!


Murph: Oh, no!


Lou: I can’t—

Emily: Shit.


Brennan: She teleports to the top of the--


Zac: Uh, balloons?


Brennan: Of the balloons. She goes,


Penelope: Yeah. I can stand on balloons because, I don't know, I did a Whole 30 and I did some other stuff that's gotten me, I'm slimmed down, it's for prom, 'cause this dress was my mom's.


Riz: Okay.


Gorgug: Shut up!

Brennan: You see Penelope--


Murph: She casts two spells in a turn?


Brennan: Hmm?


Murph: She can cast two spells?


Brennan: Oh! Sorry, I fucked up! Yeah, she just Misty Stepped. She is going to…


Murph chuckles nasally, pushing up his glasses like a nerd.


Ally: Nice.


Brennan: Rules lawyer, you did it! Yeah, she hops up there, that is her turn. That's her whole turn. That's going to be Riz; go ahead and roll for police, an 18, 19 or 20's gonna do it.


Lou: C'mon!


Murph: A 1! 

Brennan: Nat 1, no worries.


Siobhan: The police went to the other—


Emily: They got a flat tire.


Murph: They went to Mumple.


Emily: “Oh! Donuts, okay!”


Ally: Mm, Mumple prom.


Murph: "There's a prom, right?"


Brennan: It's your turn, Riz!


Murph: Okay, um.. Okay, she is not near any of my friends so I can't do any of my cool stuff. But we gotta take her out. But we also have this huge dragon. So, I am just going to, I guess run to the side of the stage and then I'll just take my attack on Kalvaxus.


Brennan: You're gonna run over here?


Murph: Yeah, so that I can hide as a bonus action at the end of my turn.


Brennan: Cool.


Murph: Okay. So, I'm just gonna shoot at him. That is a 22 to hit?


Brennan: 22 does it.


Murph: Dope. Amen, yeah! Not great but fine. 4, 8, 12, 13, 18, 24 damage, and I’m also gonna do Fury of the Small for another 8; 32 damage.


Brennan: Jesus Christ!


Ally: Nice.


Murph: And then I use my bonus action to hide.


Brennan: Cool, go ahead and make it.


Murph: Not great. Not great. Uh, 15? 15 hide?


Brennan: You take out your father's gun, blam! Bullet, hits into Kalvaxus,


Kalvaxus: Ow, what the fuck?


Brennan: He lashes out. What is your armor class?


Murph: 16.


Brennan: Cool.


Murph: Shit.


Ally: Fuck.


Siobhan: Oh, no.


Lou: Why do you need more dice?


Brennan: And deals you 15 points of damage with his tail. Bam!


Murph: I'm at 20.


Brennan: Okay, that is going to be Fabian.


Lou: Alright. What are the chances of running, vaulting off of the drums and grabbing onto the sign to pull the balloons down with my own weight?


Brennan: I would say that's a pretty good chance. That's an insane jump, you do have Sneakers of Dunking. Let's call that a DC… I'll set that at a DC 20, DC 20.


Lou: Acrobatics or Athletics?


Brennan: This is Athletics.


Lou: Great. 21!


Brennan: Off of the drum, boom, kah! Wham! You grab this and oop! Her scepter just shattered.


Lou: Fuck yeah, it did!


Brennan: And you pull the balloons all the way to the ground. She is gonna make an acrobatics check. Nat 20.


Siobhan: Oh, shit.


Lou: Fuck.


Brennan: She leaps off of the balloons as you pull them off and lands here on the stairs. And you're down here, that's your movement. You have an action if you'd like it.


Lou: I'm gonna crossbow her and then I call for the Hangman to come to my friends here at the front of the—


Emily: Ooh, hell, yeah!


Lou: Of the gym.


Brennan: Hell, yeah, go ahead and make your roll.


Lou: Great. So, first attack, 16?


Brennan: 16 is not gonna do it, she throws a Shield up in front of herself.


Lou: Great, second one. 17.


Brennan: 17's gonna do it.


Lou: Yes!


Ally: Mm!


Lou hums ‘Amazing Grace’, and Zac hums along.


Lou: And that'll be nine damage.


Brennan: She is looking hurt, gang. The Hangman rushes, over to the front. At the end of Fabian's turn—


Lou: And I command for it to follow any instructions they give it.


Brennan: At the end of Fabian's turn, Gorgug, you are also hit by Goldenhoard's tail, which deals 20 halved to 10 damage.


Zac: Alright, I'm at 21.


Brennan: That is going to be Adaine. Adaine, you have failed--


Siobhan: I have to make a Wisdom saving throw, right?


Brennan: Yeah, also, your panic attack sets in. You're gonna make this roll with disadvantage.


Siobhan: Great. Good. But I still have a plus 1 to saves, right?


Brennan: Yeah, you do.


Siobhan: Fuck. 9… 14.


Brennan: 14 does not do it.


Siobhan: Fuck.


Brennan: Adaine turns, feeling suddenly for all the world just impossible for you to comprehend, this is crazy, you should be in a library, you shouldn't have been here, this is a mistake, it doesn't matter, you can't be the elven oracle, there's no way you could be, it's impossible, it's all a mistake, there's a fucking dragon, and you sprint into the yard. That is going to be… You feel awful for abandoning your friends but what can you do? You're having trouble breathing, tears are flowing down your face. That is going to be Kristen's turn.


Ally: Is there a way for me while flying to hide in a blind spot?


Brennan: Like up in the rafters?


Ally: Kind of, but nearer Goldenhoard, but without him knowing that I'm there.


Brennan: You could try to make a hide check.


Siobhan: I have a shitty question that is bad for all of us but I also wanna play the game right.


Brennan: Yeah.


Siobhan: I am afraid. Do I have concentration?


Brennan: You feel the Fly spell end on you.


Ally: Oh, okay, cool.


Siobhan: I'm sorry.


Ally: It's okay. Okay, then I am going to--


Murph: Also he found me and I'm a rogue.


Emily: At least you weren't in the air. At least you didn’t like, fall.


Zac: Yeah, at least you landed.


Brennan: Dragons: notoriously perceptive.


Murph: Right.


Ally: True.


Zac: We all knew that.


Ally: Okay. So, who's really low, health-wise?


Murph: Me and Gorgug--


Zac: I'm at 21.


Murph: But he's gonna get hit more than I am, probably. This guy's been attacking on our turns. I think when it's his turn, it's gonna be real fucking bad.


Ally: Okay. So, I have...


Murph: He hasn't even attacked yet.


Ally: I can do, let's see, okay yeah. I'll do Preserve Life, which will just get you up to, would give you up to 40.


Zac: Oh, dope.


Brennan: You've already done Preserve Life.


Siobhan: You've already done it.


Murph: It says twice per day.


Ally: I get two. I get two Channel Divinities.


Brennan: Oh, you get two! Yep, you can do it again.


Zac: Oh, yeah. So, you would just give me up to 40 points?


Ally: Well, what do you have?


Murph: I'm at 20, so I'm less than my half, too.


Ally: Okay, so I can give each of you 20? Or I can give you 10 and him 30.


Zac: That's great.


Murph: Yeah, do that.


Ally: Okay 10 and 30 and then I also get some.


Lou: Get that damn right, dude.


Brennan: At the end of Kristen's turn, Goldenhoard hits you for--


Ally: Oh, and I run to there but he can probably still reach me.


Brennan: Actually he can't! If you run—


Murph: Dope, dope.


Ally: I was gonna run towards her to fight—


Brennan: Oh, to fight Penelope, gotcha.


Lou: We got her.


Siobhan: This bitch, hit her.


Brennan: Goldenhoard is instead, going to deal--


Zac: Oh, fuck!


Ally: Shit! Sorry.


Brennan: Is going to deal 18, so nine damage to Gorgug.


Zac: Okay.


Brennan: Then it is Goldenhoard's turn.


Siobhan: God.


Zac: 42. Okay.


Lou: Hey, I'm 43. So. For once.


Ally: We need some like, powerful something.


Brennan is putting a big plastic triangle onto the map.


Lou: What is this?


Siobhan: Oh, no.


Lou: Why do you need this triangle?


Murph: 'Cause of the fire breath.


Brennan: Yeah. That's gonna do it.


Zac: Does Penelope get hit?


Brennan: Let me see. I think, actually, no, he can hit… Yeah, he can hit just these two and not Penelope by moving up and getting his mouth just where he needs it. I'm going to need Kristen and Fabian to make Dexterity saving throws.


Ally: Oh, that's Ragh.


Brennan: That's Ragh! Sorry! I am incorrect, that was Ragh.


Lou: Thank God.


Ally: Yeah!


Lou: I was like, Jesus Christ! He can hit— I'm hiding behind the stage.


Brennan: I need Kristen to make a Dexterity saving throw.


Ally: Oh, great. I have negative 3 on Dex so, I didn't mean for that to count but it did. Four, but I get Human Determination, I can do one advantage?


Brennan: You wanna do advantage? You can do it.


Ally: I guess.


Brennan: Go for it.


Ally: Yeah. I'm bad.


Brennan: Okay. Hold on one sec, guys.

Zac: Oh!


Siobhan: Oh, my God!


Ally: I'm down. I'm absolutely down.


Lou: I got faith, dude.


Ally: Damn! A 4 and a 2!


Lou: That's truly some of the worst luck.


Brennan is shaking his handful of dice to prepare the roll. He raises one eyebrow, looking smug.


Siobhan: Oh, my God.


Lou: It's like a goddamn maraca.


Emily: You know she's just down, right? We don't need to count 'em all up?

Brennan: This could actually permanently kill Kristen if it does her full hit point total.


Murph: What's your full hit?


Ally: 70.


Zac: Minus whatever you have now.


Murph: We need to do 125 damage to kill you.


Brennan: This is gonna be 6, 12, 18, 24, 28, 32, 36, 38, 44, 52,


Emily: That's how much it's healing her for?


Ally: Yeah.


Murph: She loves fire.


Zac: You have any resistance to fire?


Brennan: 64. Uh, 66 damage.


Ally: I'm down.


Siobhan: Down but not dead.


Lou: Oh, real.


Murph: That's bad.


Lou: 66?


Brennan: And Ragh is down as well. So Ragh turns around, rushing at Goldenhoard victoriously. Goldenhoard turns around and says,


Kalvaxus: I want to be very clear. I have no problem with your sexuality. This is not--


Riz: Homophobe!


Kalvaxus: It's not a homophobe thing!


Siobhan: You hit both of the gay ones! Oh, sorry, I’m not—


Riz: Oh, wow!


Kalvaxus: Honestly, to be clear, I am very socially liberal; I am fiscally conservative.


Riz: Oh, bullshit!


Kalvaxus: What, I'm a libertarian! I am a libertarian!


Gorgug: Of course you're a libertarian!


Ally: So convenient for you!


Kalvaxus: What? Everyone should be free to do what they want! I should be free to collect gold and destroy, and you should be free to try and run away! This is a cogent political philosophy!


Brennan: Ragh is down.


Ally: I'm down for hearing that.


Brennan: Kristen is down, that is going to be Fig.


Emily: Okay. So, I'm within, 'cause she only runs 30 right, you only run 30?


Siobhan: Yeah.


Emily: So, can I look back at her and… Do I have any sense of if I cast Charm Person on her that it would get her out of her fear?


Zac: Don't you have something that gives people resistance to it?


Brennan: Countercharm.


Emily: I guess that's within 30 feet but I feel like, well, could I start playing it and then also get on the bike and then go to Kristen?


Brennan: You would have to either go after Adaine or go after Kristen.


Emily: Yeah.


Murph: I can get Kristen.


Emily: Oh, okay.


Murph: Yeah. I don't know if on this turn, but I have my healer's kit, I can get her up to 1 if she can heal herself.


Emily: Okay. In that case, I guess that, well, I wanted to get closer to the drums, but—


Murph: You can also do that. I mean, I'm only gonna be able to get her—


Siobhan: Why don't you just give me some Bardic Inspiration?


Emily: Okay, here's what I'm going to do. The bike hasn't taken its action yet, right?


Brennan: Correct.


Emily: So, I'm gonna say,


Fig: Hey, drive me out, we're gonna pick up Adaine and then come back in.


Emily: And then I'm playing on the bike. I'm playing Countercharm on the bike.


Brennan: You rush after Adaine on the bike, you make it to Adaine, you have advantage— Go ahead and give me a Perception check real quick. It's a DC 10.


Emily: I got a 4.


Brennan: Oh, you don't notice it.


Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: Cool--


Emily: So, I'm playing Countercharm and I'm getting her onto the thing and then do we come back in? 'Cause I told the bike to come back in.


Brennan: You're gonna have to make a grapple check 'cause Adaine's trying to flee as hard as possible.


Emily: Yeah, I'll grapple her.


Brennan: You and Adaine, make opposed athletics checks.


Zac: Are you still— did you make your check?


Brennan: For that last turn, yeah.


Emily: What is it, Athletics? I got 16.


Siobhan: I did not get a 16.


Brennan: You hoist Adaine onto the bike and turn around.


Emily: And now that we have Countercharm, she'll have--


Brennan: Advantage.


Emily: You'll have advantage on your save.


Siobhan: Great. Thank you.


Brennan: You make it back to the door--


Emily: And I also wink at her and give her Bardic Inspiration.


Murph: Oh great great great, great great great.


Siobhan: Thank you.


Lou: All great things.


Brennan: All great things. At the end of Fig's turn...


Lou: What is this shit?


Brennan: These are called legendary actions.

Ally: Cool.


Zac: What do you mean— what are we talking about?


Siobhan: He just fucking gets so many attacks.


Lou: This man just—


Murph: That fact that he gets to attack as reactions on our turn.


Siobhan: Dude, we need to get your mom in here, like stat. And your dad.


Brennan: Riz, you take 12 points of damage.


Murph: Oh, shit. I want to Uncanny Dodge.


Brennan: Cool, that goes down to 6.


Murph: Okay. Shit, I should have used that before, I'm such an idiot.


Brennan: That is going to now be Gorgug.


Zac: Okay. Can I make an Insight check to know that, I'm just trying to have a sense of if I play the drums, 'cause I have that proficiency, if I have to be holding the ruby or not.


Brennan: No, you don't have to be holding the ruby. Not the way that Fig did it the first time.


Zac: I'm gonna take a full— run towards the drums and try to play them.


Brennan: You rush towards the drums, you get an attack of opportunity from Kalvaxus who hits you for 18 halved to 9 points of damage, and you make it to the drums. What are you gonna do as you get to the drums?


Zac: I have that proficiency to play the drums.


Brennan: I will allow you to… You're in a rage, right?


Zac: Yes.


Brennan: Here's the thing.


Zac: And I'm listening to these tunes, man.


Brennan: Normally performances are Charisma check. But you're listening to some fucking slash, cut, thrash, butt, hurt, smash, dash metal. I will allow you to make a performance check using Strength as the ability and not… It's a DC 20. It's proficiency plus Strength. So, it's gonna be 4 plus, so it’s a plus 7 you need to beat a 20.


Zac: I did not do it.


Emily: Fuck.


Brennan: You start, you see Kalvaxus goes,


Kalvaxus: Alright! This kid likes to get his ass beat to a soundtrack!


Gorgug: That's not what I meant! 

Brennan: That is going to be--


Emily: I have good Performance. I could go do it.


Brennan: At the end of Gorgug's turn--


Zac: It's just you're so far.


Emily: I know, but we got the bike.


Zac: Yeah.


Brennan: Riz, you get hit for another 11, 19 points of damage.


Murph: Fuck!


Lou: What?


Murph: I'm at 5.


Ally: Can you Uncanny Dodge that?


Murph: I can't, I used a reaction already.


Brennan: You see Kalvaxus looks at Penelope and goes,


Kalvaxus: Find out why he's playing those drums!


Brennan: You see that Penelope casts Detect Thoughts on herself.


Emily: Can't he not be charmed, though?


Brennan: Hmm?


Emily: Would that be a charm?


Brennan: Nope, not a charm.


Emily: Oh, okay.


Brennan: Divination.


Siobhan: Just keep on listening to that music, man!


Ally: Oh, yeah. Put those headphones on.


Zac: I got 'em.


Brennan: At the end of Penelope Everpetal's turn...


Zac: Oh, there's still this dude at, I don't know if—


The camera zooms in on a lone student at the food tables.


Murph: He's milling around.


Brennan: Oh, yeah, he's gettin’ food, dude.


Zac: Okay, good.


Brennan: You see he's going, man, he's like,


Food Student: Fucked up, guys, for real, fucked up. Best of luck, dude. Ooh, beignets, what?


Lou: Ooh, beignets!


Gorgug: You're still notice, and you haven't fully cased the whole table yet?


Food Student: Dude, it's fucked, dude! Oh, my God, look, they have prawns, dude! They have shrimp at the end and prawns!


Gorgug: At this point, you should have seen all the food!


Brennan: Riz, you take 17 points of damage.


Murph: Again?


Brennan: You injured Kalvaxus the worst. At the end of Penelope's turn, he hits you, bam, bam, bam.


Murph: All right. I’m dead.


Emily: We haven't even hurt him yet.


Brennan: No, you've hurt him.


Murph: I hit him.


Brennan: The shot to the back from Riz was not nothing. Riz, I'm going to need a death saving throw from you.


Murph: Two.


Zac: Do you make a police check anyway?


Brennan: Yeah, make a police check.


Murph: That'd be great.


Brennan: 17.


Murph: 12!

Brennan: That is going to be Fabian.


Lou: Okay. The Hangman's been used, right?


Emily: No, that was his last turn.


Brennan: Hangman's being used by Fig.


Emily: That was his last turn.


Brennan: The Hangman is now going on Fig's turn.


Emily: Oh, gotcha.


Lou: Great, fantastic. In that case, I would love to bound, I would love to run up the the handrail versus the stairs, and attempt to grab, grab the the ruby around her neck and then vault off.


Brennan: Hell, yeah, go ahead and give me an Acrobatics check.


Lou: 11.


Siobhan: Re-roll it. Use one of your luckies.


Lou: Oh, I don't know.


Brennan: You’ll take a little bit of falling damage.


Lou: I'll take the falling damage.


Brennan: Cool. You take four points of falling damage.


Lou: Great.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an opposed Athletics to grab the ruby. You gotta beat a 7 here.


Lou: Handily.


Brennan: You snatch the ruby, she says,


Penelope: Stop fucking with me! What's your deal?


Fabian: Shut the fuck up!


Lou: Can I jump on the other side?


Brennan: This is wall.


Lou: Okay, great.


Brennan: Where do you wanna head--


Ally: Wanna grab me?


Lou: I don’t, I— can I grab her?


Ally: I don't think there's anyone who can heal me, right?


Siobhan: Fig can, I think.


Murph: Just Fig.


Ally: Okay.


Lou: I'd like to land as close to the stage as possible.


Brennan: You can land on the stage. Bam, right here.


Lou: Oh, great. Can I land behind the stage?


Brennan: You can land behind the stage, yeah.


Lou: Can I get half cover?


Brennan: You can get half cover.


Lou: Great.


Brennan: Cool.


Lou: And then I'd like to Second Wind.


Brennan: Go for it. Adaine, as you are rushing forward, Fig, rushing on your way back, hold on a second. You see, not in a palimpsest, chunky cardigan swinging behind him, you see Jawbone rushing up to you.


Adaine: Jawbone!


Brennan: Spectacles on his thing, he goes,


Jawbone: "I heard there was trouble! What's going on?


Brennan: He looks at you in your eyes. What do you say to Jawbone?


Adaine: It's really bad!


Brennan: So, he looks at you and goes,


Jawbone: Jesus Christ. Is this some kind of dragon fear here?


Brennan: He goes,


Jawbone: Wait a minute. Adaine, look at me straight. Answer me honestly now. Do you have panics attacks a lot? Do you feel your breath kinda catch up in your...


Adaine: Yeah?


Jawbone: Did your parents give you anything for that?


Adaine: My parents just left and I don't know where they are.


Brennan: He goes,


Jawbone: God,


Brennan: And he gives you a big, warm, furry hug, You see he goes,


Jawbone: Alright.


Brennan: You hear, he goes,


Jawbone: Listen to me, alright, you listen to me right here. Having panic attacks, that is not a character flaw, you understand? You are not a coward, you have a goddamn medical condition, alright? I was in a truck stop bathroom sucking off a border patrol 'cause I was trying to sneak an iguana to my friend's place. He had a cockfight ring, alright? I had to get it to him 'cause the thing had been slit, stuffed up full of drugs and sewn back together, you understand me?


Adaine: No!


Jawbone: Now, this guy, he had venereal disease, he had warts all over him but I was so drunk at that point, I didn't give a shit. I sucked him off anyway, you understand me?


Adaine: No!


Jawbone: But the point is this. Warts are not who that guy is! He's sick! He wouldn't say, oh, I'm a bad person 'cause I have warts on my cock and a little bit on my balls! He wouldn't say that! You're not a coward, Adaine! You're sick, you just need medicine. You gotta come and talk to me, this is my job, goddammit!


Brennan: He reaches into his cardigan, pulls out a little thing of pills, he goes,


Jawbone: I was gonna sell this to a guy, to a guy I know who one time stabbed me in the middle of an orgy, okay? These are for you, these are anxiety meds, alright? There is no shame in having mental illness. I'm sorry your parents didn't take care of this before, you are a good wizard, you are not wrong for having panic attacks, you understand me? Now go ahead, take as many of these as you want, we'll cure the poison damage later, just fucking huck down a bunch of these 'cause these are gonna start working right away, you understand me? Dosage is important. I wanna underline it, dosage is important. You need to listen to your doctor but right now, there's a dragon who's come back to end the world, so we're just gonna have you hork a couple of these down, you understand me? You're a good kid.


Brennan: He hands you these.


Adaine: Really glad you're our guidance counselor.


Brennan: He says,


Jawbone: Did your house burn down? If you wanna come stay with me and Tracker, that's fine.


Brennan: Go ahead and put anxiety meds in your inventory and go ahead, you no longer will roll disadvantage on fear checks. You can go ahead, you have the Bardic inspiration here.


Emily: And she has advantage.


Siobhan: And I have advantage.


Brennan: And you have advantage.


Siobhan: 20.


Brennan: The fear melts away from you.


Ally: Nice.

Jawbone: Go knock 'em dead, kid.


Lou: Is he coming?


Emily: Is he coming?


Brennan: You see he says,


Jawbone: Hell, yeah, I'm coming! I came here to fuck shit up and help children!


Murph: Jawbone rules. I'm so glad we helped to get his life together.


Brennan: Jawbone gets it. Jawbone's life was fucked up 'cause he had lycanthropy but he had no health insurance and then he got this job. They gave him health insurance.


Siobhan: Can Jawbone heal?


Brennan: Jawbone cannot heal.


Siobhan: Just of the mind. He's just a healer of the mind and soul.


Brennan: A healer of the mind and the soul, exactly! He's just a good damn guidance counselor, alright? Jawbone will rush in after you. Adaine, go ahead and tell me, what does Adaine do on her return?


Siobhan: I would love to do an Arcana check on this fucker. This absolute fucking unit in the middle of the--


Emily: You unit!


Siobhan: You absolute unit!


Ally: Fucking unit!


Zac: In awe at the size of this lad.


Brennan: Give me an Arcana check.


Siobhan: Ah, shit, 12?


Brennan: 12 doesn't give you anything on Kalvaxus. You don't know that there's that much to get, even. But with a 12, I can remind you of something.


Siobhan: Please.


Brennan: You remember what happened to Fig when she had Detect Thoughts active on your jacket?


Emily: Let's trap him in the jacket! Trap him in the jacket!


Brennan: 12 is not a huge hint, but Penelope has Detect Thoughts active and anyone who's detecting thoughts in the presence of your jacket detects millions of thoughts from the civilization inside the dimensional space of your coat.


Ally: Get close.


Siobhan: Yeah. Let's head towards Penelope.


Emily: Yeah, I mean, is she controlling the thing? The motorcycle or no?


Siobhan: I think you're controlling the motorcycle.


Emily: I am, okay, I gotcha.


Siobhan: And then can I, can I cast a spell?


Brennan: Yeah, go for it.


Siobhan: I would like to cast Ray of Frost on Kalvaxus. It's just a cantrip, it’s 2d8 of frost damage.


Brennan: Mm-hm. Hell, yeah.


Ally: Do you need some d8's?


Siobhan: I just need two. There we go.


Brennan: Cool! So, do you roll attack or anything or no?


Zac: It's Ray of Frost.


Siobhan: I do. Ranged spell attack.


Brennan: Go ahead and roll me a ranged spell attack.


Siobhan: I got a 22.


Brennan: Hell, yeah, you hit. Go for it.


Siobhan: 5!


Zac: You add anything to it, or is it just that?


Siobhan: No. It’s a cantrip.


Brennan: Give me one more Arcana check.


Siobhan: Great. 

Brennan: Cool.


Siobhan: 9.


Brennan: You see, the Ray of Frost scours him, he turns back around and says,


Kalvaxus: What are you doing back here? You were running away terrified!


Adaine gives him the finger.


Kalvaxus: Oh, very mature! Aren't you supposed to be some kind of highfalutin elf?

 
Adaine: I'm a child! You're attacking a bunch of children, you coward!


Fig: Be careful, Adaine, he has a taste for the young ones.


Adaine: I have a mental illness! And that's fine!


Brennan: You see he goes,


Kalvaxus: Alright, let's not turn this into a fucking PSA afterschool special bullshit! God, I don't! Have! To work! At a school anymore!


Brennan: Cool! That's Adaine, that's gonna be Kristen.


Ally: I'm gonna go.


Zac: Make that save.


Murph: Nice.


Ally: 15.


Brennan: Great.


Emily: Whoo! If we by any chance get a chance to seal him in something, we gotta seal him to be the next Lunch Lad. And then promote Gilear to Vice Principal.


Ally: Yes.


Lou: Is it his turn?


Brennan: It is Goldenhoard's turn.


Emily: Oh, shit.

Zac: Oh, no.
 

Kalvaxus: This isn't a sexual thing! I'm just evil, alright?


Fig: Then why is your dick out?


Kalvaxus: My dick happens to be extremely internal as a reptile!


Fig: It’s poppin’ out.


Adaine: No, I can see it and it looks really big and throbbing. It's gross!


Kalvaxus: It would've been neater if you said it was small and weird, so thank you, even though it's not--


Adaine: No, because it's hard because you're turned on by us children!


Kalvaxus: Shut the fuck up!

 
Fig: Like a little dog, red rocket.


Ally: Ew!


Brennan: Okay.


Fig: A little bit of lipstick.


Ally: A little bit of lipstick in my life~


Brennan: Okay. Adaine, you take 11 points of damage.


Siobhan: Wait, I would like to cast Shield as a reaction shot? Can I do that?


Brennan: You may absolutely do that and it bypasses it, he crushes your shield.


Siobhan: Alright, 11?


Brennan: 11. Fig, you take first 12 and then, 22 points of damage.


Emily: 22 total?


Brennan: No, so 34.


Emily: Is this fire?


Brennan: It's not fire. He descends on you with claws and bites, 


Kalvaxus: Stop making fun of me! Teens, you're so mean!


Ally: Stop making fun of meeee!


Adaine: Yeah, but at least we're not ugly! This medicine is great!


Brennan: That is going to be Fig.


Emily: Okay. So, I'm gonna use a full turn to retreat.


Brennan: You can take a disengage action.


Emily: A disengage but do I still have a bonus action if I will disengage?


Brennan: Yeah, disengage is an action.


Emily: Okay. Well, actually is this the bike's turn?


Lou: Yeah.


Brennan: Yeah, you can use the bike. So, the bike can take a disengage and then move, I think 80.


Emily: Okay, so, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, so we can get to here?


Brennan: Mm-hm.


Ally: Can you jump?


Emily: So, we get to here. I'm going to jump off and then I'll take my, I'll take one, two, three, four, five, I think I can get to the drums.


Zac: Oh yeah. Kick me off of those drums.


So, I'll just get to the drums and I'm gonna Healing Word Riz.


Murph: Thank you.


Emily: For… I'm gonna do a, 'cause it's a bonus action, I'm gonna do a second level, so I'll Healing Word him for 6 plus 8, 14.


Murph: Thank you!

Ally: Then we can keep calling the cops!


Siobhan: Call the cops!


Brennan: Cool. That's Fig's turn, that's awesome. Gorgug, that's you, baby.


Zac: 'Kay.


Brennan: You can make another Performance check if you want or you can—


Zac: Would that be my action if I did?


Brennan: That could be your movement if you'd like. Movement or action.


Ally: Do it!


Siobhan: Fuck it, you've got strength.


Murph: We fucking need Gorthalax so bad right now.


Zac: Alright, I'm just gonna do that then.


Siobhan: And you got an advantage.


Zac: I feel bad. I look at Fig, get some inspiration from her musical knowledge.


Siobhan: Yes!


Zac: Nat 20!


Brennan: Nat 20. You see Fig rushing to you, You were a loner and a freak and a loser and this fucking badass cool rocker invited you to join her band? There is no way you are going to fuck this solo up.


Fig: You got this, dude. Just do it like we do it in band practice!


Gorgug: Alright.


Brennan: The drums fucking come apart. Gorthalax… 


Gorthalax: Sweetie, did you send me some texts?


Fig: Yeah, I thought you were fucking Mom, but you were in a ruby!


Gorthalax: Oh, we fucked.


Fig: Oh, okay. Well!


Gorthalax: But she explained that there wasn't gonna be anything more than that, and that's what… Holy shit! Kalvaxus! You're here!


Brennan: See him,


Kalvaxus: Gorthalax!


Brennan: He says,


Kalvaxus: Oh,


Brennan: You see he goes,


Gorthalax: Oh, Goldenhoard - Kalvaxus - what? That's honestly nuts! Why are you guys partially singed?


Fig: Because he's been attacking us, Dad!


Brennan: You see that Gorthalax looks up as Kalvaxus rears his head around and goes—


Fig: Also, Dad, he kind of used to come onto me all the time.


Riz: That's true.


Brennan: An upside down pentagram of flame glows in Gorthalax's head.


Gorthalax: You made a promise to care for children! You know where bad dudes go?


Brennan: An ax made of fire, a fucking sick guitar appears in his hand.


Gorthalax: It's time to shred, baby!


Brennan: Cool!


Zac: Do I still have my--


Brennan: You have your action, yes, go for it.


Siobhan: Play the drums more and go full band on that fucking stage!


Zac: Instead…


Murph: Rather!


Zac: Can I use my bonus action to move towards Penelope as close as I can get?


Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.


Zac: Alright, if I can't get to her, I might not be able to.


Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. You are just out of reach.


Zac: I'm just gonna hit her in the face with a fire bomb.


Murph: Oh, shit!


Siobhan: Sick.

Zac: Where do I roll for that?


Brennan: You can automatically just do it.


Zac: Okay, I'm gonna do that. So, 6d6.


Ally: Hell, yeah.


Murph: Oh, my goodness, Gorgug.


Ally: You need one more?


Zac: I need one more.


Lou: What if we all give him our d6s when he throws a fire bomb? It's symbolic.


Zac rolls his 6d6. When he does, Siobhan mimics a bomb exploding.


Zac: Ooh!


Siobhan: 20.


Zac: 20.


Brennan: Penelope looks on the verge of death. You see that her gown lights on fire and is burned to shreds. She's covered in ash.


Zac: Can I frenzy and throw another bomb? 

Murph: Ha!


Brennan: No, use your bonus action to do the orcish aggression. She looks at you and goes,


Penelope: My fucking dress! You've ruined prom, what is wrong with you?


Gorgug: I've ruined prom?


Brennan: That is going to be Penelope's turn.


Zac: Fuck.


Brennan: Let me see here.


Siobhan: Oh, shit.


Murph: Can she see me? 'Cause I did hide.


Brennan: You did hide. I'm gonna roll Perception for her. She cannot see you.


Murph: Great.


Brennan: Okay.


Fabian: Wow, thanks, The Ball. Take one for the team!


Riz: I'm a goddamn rogue. I cannot get hit.


Brennan: I'm gonna need Fabian, Gorgug and Fig to all make Dexterity saving throws.


Zac: I have advantage on that.


Lou: I’m not too good at that.


Emily: Do I have some kind of advantage for some reason?


Lou: 17.


Zac: Fuck.


Emily: Is this psychic damage?


Brennan: It's fire, you do have resistance to it.


Zac: Okay. I only got a 10.


Emily: I got a nat 20!


Brennan: Cool, dope.


Ally: Hell, yeah.


Brennan: That's gonna be eight, 11 is 19, 24, 31, 36, (pointing at Lou) what'd you get?


Lou: 17.


Brennan: What'd you get?


Zac: 10.


Brennan: You take a full 36 damage.


Zac: Fuck. I'm at 6.


Brennan: You take a full 36 damage, you each take 18 damage.


Emily: But wouldn't I then half that again?


Brennan: So, you take 9 damage.


Emily: Okay. Minus 9.


Brennan: At the end of Penelope's turn, you go five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 to here. And then Penelope's gonna go, one, two, three, four, five, six. She's gonna make a little Acrobatics check to get up there. Which she succeeds on. That is going to be Riz, go ahead and roll for police? 16 or higher does it?


Murph: Come on. 9. Can I shoot Penelope from here? I probably could get closer.


Ally: Would we be able to Bless you or Bardic Inspiration for police in the future?


Murph: That'd be dope.


Emily: I haven't had a bonus action to give any more Bardic Inspiration.


Siobhan: I mean, I would heal… can you get up to her?


Murph: Yeah, I don't know if I can get, it’s not good to bring her, we gotta get rid of her if she's right here next to her.


Siobhan: Right.


Murph: Okay, I am going to I guess just run around back near Fabian.


Brennan: Okay. One, two, three, four, five, six, what's your movement?


Murph: Okay, and then try to shoot Penelope.


Brennan: Okay. What's your range on that?


Murph: Short bow, so it should be like—


Brennan: 80?


Murph: 80 to...


Brennan: Yep she's in range, go for it.


Murph: Whew, c'mon. Only 14.


Brennan: Not gonna do it.


Murph: Great, good. Cool, then I am going to, I'd like to take cover by the stage and then also hide. 

Brennan: Okay.


Murph: Nat 20 on a hide.


Brennan: Cool.


Murph: Great, thanks for the fucking nat 20 now.


Brennan: You disappear. That is going to be Jawbone. You hear him say,


Jawbone: Hey, asshole! Thanks for the job! Now it's time for you to fucking lose your job! But your life is— I haven't been mean in so long. I used to be very mean, I could say scary shit. Whatever.


Adaine: I believe in you, Jawbone!


Jawbone: Hey, thanks, kid, you're alright!

Brennan: He rushes, he's going to take a leap up. He's gonna make an Athletics check and leaps up and begins crawling up Goldenhoard's back.


Lou: Beat us to the punch.


Murph: Jawbone is god.


Brennan: That is going to be Fabian.


Lou: Can I make a Perception check to see if I think that Gorthalax is going to fly at, uh, what’s-his— Kalvaxus?


Brennan: Make an Insight check.


Lou: 16.


Brennan: We'll say he's gonna play some music.


Lou: Oh, okay, great. Then I would like to Action Surge, yeah, I'd like to dash up to Penelope and vault, running up the, not the normal stairs, but of course the handrail.


Brennan: Hell yeah. Give me an Acrobatics check?


Lou: What're you doing under there? Uh, 12?


Brennan: 12 is not gonna cut it.


Siobhan: Don't you have advantage on Athletics?


Lou: You said Acrobatics?


Brennan: Acrobatics.


Lou: Yeah.


Brennan: 12 is not gonna do it. Give me a dexterity saving throw DC 15.


Lou: Uh, done.


Brennan: You slip off the handrails, grab onto here and end your movement there. You have your action left.


Lou: I'd like to hand crossbow from the railing.


Brennan: Hand crossbow from the rail, yes, go for it. Make your attack.


Lou: Great. 24.


Brennan: 24? Hits.


Lou: Great and then - Sorry. And then 12.


Brennan: 12 misses but 24 hits.


Lou: Great and then, 9.

Brennan: Penelope takes the bolt.


Penelope: All I wanted to be was Queen.


Ally: We know. I'm dead.


Emily: Oh, my God!


Brennan: And she falls. Penelope is no more.


Murph: Can she flop over the top of the ledge dramatically?


Brennan: Falls, bam, lands on Ragh and Dayne! They're all on a little pile together!


Siobhan: That's so sweet!


Ally: Wow, the love triangle! What we've been waiting for.


Brennan: All the cool kids you met in the entryway on your first day are dead at your hands!


Zac: In a big pile!


Brennan: In a big pile!


Murph: Well, Ragh we only led into death.


Brennan: Into death.


Lou: Can I call for the Hangman to fly beneath me when it has the chance?


Brennan: Yes.


Siobhan: I think I'm on the Hangman.


Brennan: Oh, you're on it, okay.


Zac: And it's also on Fig's turn.


Brennan: It's actually, now it's on Adaine's turn.


Siobhan: Oh, okay.


Lou: Give me my motorcycle back.

Brennan: Cool. That is Fabian, then it's going to be Adaine.


Siobhan: I would like to do another Arcana check to see if I can figure out what the fuck is going on.


Brennan: Mm-hm.


Siobhan: 20, not nat 20 but 20.


Brennan: Just a 20?


Murph: Just!


Zac: Measly.


Brennan: No, 20 is good. You think the situation is as it stands. This is a dragon you are fighting.


Siobhan: Fuck. Okay, then I will… Can I take the bike to the side of the stage so I'm...


Brennan: Over here?


Siobhan: A little bit covered?


Brennan: Mm-hm, yeah, for sure.


Siobhan: 'Cause I'm undercover. And then I will cast Lightning Bolt at him again.


Brennan: Hell, yeah.


Murph: Dope.


Siobhan: So, it's a Dexterity saving throw, DC 15. And I would like to give him my 9. My divination roll.


Murph: Nice.


Brennan: Ooh! Hold on one second. You're giving me your nine, yes, go for it! Go ahead and roll!


Siobhan: I need four so I can do this thing. 'Cause it's an eight. It's an eight. 8d6. Six plus five, 11. Oh, my God. Why am I so bad at math?

Zac: 15.


Siobhan: Thank you. 11 plus 15, so 26.


Brennan: 26 damage?


Siobhan: Yeah.


Brennan: Homeboy takes that whole thing. Adaine, you raise your hand aloft, feeling completely yourself, strong, you hear behind you,


Eleminthindriel: This was meant to happen.


Brennan: And you see a vision of it before it happens and it happens exactly as you saw it.


Siobhan: Well, you could've told me before this very moment!


Eleminthindriel: I was dead!

Ally: Who was that?


Siobhan: Oracle.


Brennan: You scour Kalvaxus across his chest.

Kalvaxus: My suit! Well, it's pretty ruined already but fuck you! God! It’s hard with these claws, I only have four - there's no middle one.


Brennan: It looks injured, that was like, it fucked him up! That is now, going to Adaine, Kristen, I'm gonna need you to make a death saving throw.


Ally: Oh, yeah, you got it. 12.


Murph: Okay, great, great.


Ally: Does that count?


Brennan: That does count.


Murph: It's a good one, yeah.


Ally: And if this happens then I'm up to one?


Murph: Then you're just, no, you're just stabilized.


Ally: Okay.


Brennan: Stabilized, yeah. You see—


Siobhan: Oh, wait, the bike hasn't gone yet.


Brennan: Oh! The bike goes over to Fabian, yes. You are standing here. You see that Gorthalax goes ahead and hits a chord on his guitar, he does something, strands of demonic music.


Fig: Nice, Dad!


Brennan: He hits that chord. Holy shit! And you see that Kalvaxus becomes almost inured to the spell, wait, what'd you roll on your Arcana?


Siobhan: 20.


Brennan: You know something about dragons, which is that something this powerful can brute force through its innate magic, a couple of resistances to spells, meaning he has a number of times that he can just not be affected. You see that Gorthalax, and hits some kind of spell at Kalvaxus that Kalvaxus uses his innate draconic ability to avoid.


Siobhan: Shit.


Brennan: That is going to be, uh, Goldenhoard.

Lou: On the stairs. Can I use luck?


Siobhan: Oh, shit.


Lou: To make him re-roll that attack roll?


Brennan: It's not an attack roll.


Lou: Okay. It's not an attack roll. Jesus Christ!


Zac: Don't do it to us! Dude, it's just this guy over here.


Siobhan:Get this guy over here, the fucking shit! He's probably really rude to him in class.


Brennan: He's going here. I'm going to need-- moves. 

Emily: I am likely going down.


Siobhan: Yeah, me too.


Brennan: I am going to need Riz, Fig and Adaine to make Dexterity saving throws.


Ally: Riz, even though he's fully hidden?


Brennan: Mm-hm.


Siobhan: 12.


Emily: 20, not nat.


Murph: Fucking 12.


Brennan: Okay.


Zac: This is fucked. 

Ally: These are the only two people who could heal.


Murph: Yeah, we're dead. We're just dead.


Siobhan: I mean, if he got hit by 11, but he has the 11 that she gave—


Brennan: Five, 10, 12.


Ally: Those are the number of dice?


Brennan: Yeah. 

Siobhan: God.


Ally: Jesus Christ.


Brennan: 26, 29, 39...


Emily: This many dice? No, I'm fucked.


Siobhan: AC doesn't matter for this? Oh, my God!


Brenan: All of you… You failed your saving 20.


Emily: I did?


Zac: Really?


Brennan: You take a full 48 points of damage.


Siobhan: Okay.


Brennan: You take, 24 points of damage,


Murph: Cool, I'm down.


Brennan: You take 24 points of damage as well.


Emily: I'm down.


Zac: Fuck. What do we—


Siobhan: I'm on 11, baby.


Murph: Ah, goddammit.

Brennan: That is going to be Fig, death saving throw, please.


Emily: Okay. 15.


Brennan: Adaine, are you still standing?


Siobhan: Yeah.


Brennan: What's that?


Emily: 15.


Brennan: 15? Okay. That is going to be Gorgug.


Emily: Oh, wait, since I got hit, can I at least die doing my Hellish Rebuke?


Brennan: Sure, is it fire damage?


Emily: Yeah.


Brennan: He's immune to it. He's completely immune to fire damage.


Emily: Okay.


Brennan: You can do it.


Kalvaxus: My tie! You've burned my tie!


Brennan: That is going to be Gorgug.


Zac: I mean, I don't even know what to do. Can I just do an unchecked medicine save on Kristen?


Murph: She's still gonna be at zero. She only needs one more save to get back up.


Zac: And then you'll only be at zero? Fuck, I don't even--


Brennan: Gotta make the call, man.


Zac: I'm gonna run behind him. Use my bonus action.


Brennan: Well, yeah. You can get over here.


Zac: I'm just gonna fucking hit him a bunch.


Siobhan: Yeah, hit him a bunch.


Brennan: Hit him a bunch, dude! Freak out!


Zac: Alright. Yeah. So, 22.


Brennan: That'll do it.


Zac: 14.


Brennan: That'll do it.


Zac: Really?


Brennan: I'm sorry, 14 will not do it.


Zac: Okay, and then 27.


Brennan: Two of them hit.


Zac: Okay. So, 13, and 9, so 22.


Brennan: And nine, gotcha. You start laying into him as you see Jawbone going,


Jawbone: Hell, yeah, kid, give it to him!


Brennan: He goes,


Kalvaxus: God, stop cutting my leg, you little freak!


Brennan: And he's going to, at the end of your turn--


Zac: I'm gonna be down at this.


Brennan: Hit you for 7 plus 8 is 15, so 7 points of damage.


Zac: Okay, I'm gonna use Relentless Endurance to stay up at one.

Brennan: He, boom, hits you, you have blood coming from your nose and eyes, you stand back up. That is going to be Riz, give me a death saving throw.


Murph: Three!


Zac: Did you get the police?


Murph: Going for police. Guys, I can't roll above a 10, how am I gonna roll 15? 7.


Zac: You can!

Siobhan: You can, man!


Lou: You can roll it.


Siobhan: You can crit any time you want.


Brennan: You guys see on Jawbone's turn, he crawls into Goldenhoard's mouth, and you see Goldenhoard, he goes like,


Kalvaxus: Get outta there, get outta there!


Brennan: And he cannot bite through Jawbone, he's like,


Jawbone: Shoulda gotten some silver fillings, bitch! Whoo!

Adaine: Jawbone is so cool.


Brennan: Jawbone's like,


Jawbone: Alright, while he's chewing on me, I'm gonna try to get in deeper, see if I can plug the fire up!


Adaine: Man, when I grow up, I wanna be a guidance counselor!

Fabian: That's insane, Jawbone! I love it!


Ally: Everything he said is wild!


Brennan: He forces himself deeper into the dragon's mouth, Fabian, that's you.


Lou: How far away is the hospital?


Brennan: Extremely far.


Lou: Great.


Ally: We're gonna try to get Dr. Osha or whatever?


Lou: I thought about it!

Emily: Dr. Asha!


Lou: I was gonna send the Hangman to drive and get Dr. Asha.


Emily: If I wake up, at the hospital, and Dr. Asha will be like, "I'll come clean, it was me."


Lou: I would like to run along the bannister of this catwalk up here and leap onto his wings.


Murph: Dope.


Brennan: Hell, yeah. Go ahead and give me an Athletics check.


Lou: Great. Oh, my God, stop. Uh, 19.


Brennan: Whew, bam. Astride the fucking dragon.


Siobhan: So dope.


Emily: That's cool!


Ally: Ah ha!


Lou: Ah ha! And I'm just up here! Can I, make some move to hold on so that I can't be, or can I continue moving or this is as far as I get?


Brennan: You can continue moving if you… So, you're here; that's 30, that’s your move, basically.


Lou: How secure am I right now? If he decided to shake—


Brennan: You're running on the wing of a moving dragon so hardly secure.


Lou: Then I'd like to use my full movement to get onto his back and grip onto a spine.


Brennan: Hell, yeah. Whew, bam. You jump right on this motherfucker's head!


Lou: Great! Yeah, get me in there real good.


Brennan: You're there, yeah, you're good now.


Lou: Great.


Brennan: There you go.


Lou: Awesome.


Brennan: Jump on his head,


Kalvaxus: You taste awful!


Brennan: That is awesome, that's gonna be Adaine.


Siobhan: I open up my Jacket of Useful Things and I say,


Adaine: I need something that will beat Kalvaxus,


Siobhan: And I put my hand in a pocket and I pull out...


Brennan: You reach into your Jacket of Useful Things. We're going to cut really briefly to inside of the Jacket of Useful Things. Deep in a swirling nexus of illuminated denim threads hangs the citadel at the center of the Coat of Useful Things. Gunfire goes out throughout the city, as a high speed chase within the city at the center of the jacket as it's illuminated, you see that a captain turns around and says,


Captain: We're not gonna make it!


Brennan: Some weird stone science officer says,


Science Officer: Captain, we are going to make it! Engine's holding strong!


Brennan: You see that a woman who has two assassin daggers says,


Wman: We have to get it there! The prophecy! If we do not succeed at this moment, the jacket will be destroyed forever!

Captain: We're gonna save the jacket, but we might not save ourselves.


Brennan: Whew, leaps off of the car into the center of the jacket, whew, the seam opens,


Science Officer: My God, he's jumping out of the pocket!


Brennan: Whew, you see that a weird flash and suddenly spectral figure springs out of your pocket and puts a wand in your hand.


Lou: What?

Murph: Dope.


Siobhan: Okay. I— uh, thank you?


Captain: I am in half life! Agony forever!


Brennan: He sinks through the floor.


Siobhan: I fucking wave the wand at Kalvaxus!


Brennan: Hell, yeah!


Siobhan: Hope it does something?


Brennan: Go ahead and make a spell attack roll.


Siobhan: Great. A 25.


Brennan: You hit! Go ahead and roll 2d10 damage.


Siobhan: Okay.

Ally: Oh, no.


Siobhan: Is this a 10, yes.


Brennan: Mm-hm.


Siobhan: Great. 4 plus 9, 15?


Zac: 13.


Siobhan: 13. Thanks for keeping me honest.


Brennan: A little ray of cold shoots out and you see Kalvaxus goes,


Kalvaxus: Ow!

Ally: That guy died for that.


Emily: I guess it would have been too easy!


Siobhan: Just yell,


Adaine: Basrar, we need you! We need the ice cream!


Brennan: You see, you see, that is your turn, that is going to be Kristen, I need another death save from you.


Ally: Alright.


Emily: Maybe ask your jacket for a healing potion, man!


Ally: 19.


Brennan: You’re at 0.


Emily: Should've asked your jacket for a healing potion.


Siobhan: Oh, shit, you're right.


Zac: I thought that was what you were gonna do.


Siobhan: I didn't even think about it.


Emily: Yeah, I thought that's what you're gonna do, too!


Siobhan: Oh, no, I didn't even think about that! I forgot that healing potions existed in this world! I'm sorry.


Brennan: Gorthalax rushes over to Fig.


Murph: Oh, shit, he's a bard.


Brennan: Rushes over to Fig.


Emily: Daddy!


Brennan: And he's going to make an untrained medicine check.


Ally: Oh, no.


Siobhan: Oh.


Emily: Daddy, I don't need to be stabilized.


Brennan: He does not succeed.


Zac: Goddammit.


Emily: Dad, Daddy, that was a waste of a turn.


Lou: Daddy, Daddy, wait.


Brennan: Goldenhoard is going to attack Gorgug. Gorgug, you take--


Zac: I'm dead, for sure.


Brennan: 5 and then 8, so that's 7 damage.


Zac: Gorgug's down.


Brennan: Gorgug drops. He moves over here and begins to lay into Gorthalax. That is going to be Fig's turn. Roll me a death save.


Emily: 17.


Brennan: You see that Kalvaxus is going to take a swing with his tail and miss!


Lou: Could he try it again?


Brennan: He tried to hit Adaine.


Siobhan gives the middle finger.


Brennan: Riz, go ahead and roll me a death save.


Murph: Cool, can I roll for police first?


Brennan: Roll for police?


Murph: What do I have to roll at this point?


Brennan: 14.


Murph: I've banished these blue dice goodbye! Get outta here, you're gone! Green dice now!


Zac: You got it, you got it!


Siobhan: You crit. You're gonna crit.


Murph: Critical 14! Coming up, baby!


Emily: Crit, crit, crit!


Murph: 2!


Siobhan: Fuck.


Murph: It's a goddamn 2, is what that is. Now I'm gonna roll my death save--


Zac: Yeah, come on!


The cast holds their hands out to Murph again.


Emily: Crit, crit, crit!


Murph: A critical 10!


Emily: Crit, crit, crit!


Murph: That's a 14! That's the critical 14!


Emily: There was the 14 we needed!


Lou: This is much too much!


Zac: I'd rather it be in that order than the other.


Brennan: Jawbone continues to crawl around inside there.


Murph: Presumably there's clerics on the police force.


Brennan: Adaine, you take 13 points of damage.


Siobhan: I'm down. Oh, wait, wait, can I throw out my Shield?


Brennan: It does not, it does not stop.


Siobhan: Well, I'm down.


Lou: So, everyone in the party is down?


Brennan: Except for you.


Emily: Can you reach into Adaine's jacket and get a healing potion?


Siobhan: Yeah, why not, right?


Emily: I don’t even know if you can get there.


Siobhan: He's on top of the dragon.


Zac: Otherwise, we're just gonna be watching Jawbone and Gorthalax fight this guy!

Brennan: Go ahead and tell me what you're gonna do.

Ally: Does the Hangman know medicine?


Lou: The Hangman definitely does not know medicine.


Ally: In that crystal jewel.


Emily: What about this student? Is he studying to be a cleric?


Brennan: Tell me what you’re gonna do.


Lou: At this point, I'm just going to stab this dragon in the eye.


Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: First one is 25?


Brennan: 25 hits.


Lou: Second one is 20.


Brennan: Hits.


Murph: Dope.


Ally: Hell, yeah.


Lou: Alright. First one, 13.


Ally: Fuck yeah.


Murph: Hell yeah.


Lou: Second one, 13.


Siobhan: Sick.


Brennan: Kalvaxus is looking like he has some injuries on him. He's looking very vi— vital—


Lou: All my friends are dead but that's nice!


Ally: But we’re all down!


Brennan: I'm gonna need Adaine to roll death saving.


Lou: Oh my God.


Siobhan: Good, I love that.


Zac: 18.


Siobhan: Yeah, 18. So, that's a success.


Brennan: Gorthalax turns and starts laying into Kalvaxus. Goldenhoard is going to go now. I'm gonna need you to make a Dexterity saving throw.


Lou: 'Kay.


Brennan: You are dealt 3, 8, 13 points of damage as you are flung off of his head and hit the wall.


Lou: Goddammit.


Brennan: He continues to chew on Jawbone. Fig, that's gonna be you. Death save.


Emily: In my intermittent unconsciousness, can I commune with my dad?


Brennan: Sure, what do you say?


Emily: I just wanna appear to him as a spectral memory and wink him some Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: Sure, yup.


Emily: And I got 14, I'm stable.


Brennan: Cool. That's going to be Gorgug.


Zac: 19. So, a success.


Brennan: Riz.


Murph: Rolling for police.


Lou: 13?


Murph: Critical 13. C'mon, coming up. 5, that's a 5.


Zac: How is this possible?


Siobhan: How is that possible?


Lou: How is this possible?


Murph: I'm the worst person to have roll for the whole party, guys. This isn't gonna work.


Brennan: Go ahead and give me that death save.


Murph: Cool. I already have one failure, so once I roll this 1, I'll be dead forever.


Lou: Oh, you only have one failure? 

Siobhan: Nope, don't say that.


Ally: 7, it looks so much like a 1, though.


Murph: So, that's two deaths.


Ally: Fucking motherfucker, get some new dice!


Lou: I thought you had two failing saves. I was about to pass out.


Emily: Well, next turn!

Brennan: Fabian, you take, 6, uh, 14 points of damage.


Lou: I have 6.


Brennan: Fabian, it's your turn.


Lou: Okay.


Ally: Can Basrar heal us? Just ask him to bring some healing.


Emily: Healing ice cream? 

Lou: With the Hangman, and its movement, do I have enough movement to swing around the stage, grab Adaine, or just her coat, and move out of his attack range?


Brennan: Sure.


Lou: I'd like to do that, yes.


Brennan: Hangman, you grab Adaine. You guys move all the way over here.


Lou: Can we go on the other side of the table?


Brennan: Go for it, yeah.


Lou: I don't even want him to be thinking about me.


Brennan: Gotcha, you're behind the tables.


Lou: Great.


Brennan: That is going to be Adaine, we need a death save.

Siobhan: Failure.


Brennan: Kristen’s stable.


Ally: Can I roll for a nat 20 and then be alive?


Brennan: Uh, sure, go for it.


Ally: This is to the corn god. I know I left for a while but... Nat 20! Motherfucker!

Murph: What a great ask!


Lou: Thank you!


Murph: Praise be to the corn god.


Lou claps.


Ally: Helio! I believed in you in the beginning! I left—


Emily: Are you gonna believe in the corn god again?


Lou: Helio!


Emily: You have to rip up your comparative world religions book now!


Murph: Please heal me!


[EPISODE17]

Brennan: I'm going to take a break from this combat to narrate what happens. I've never seen something more--


Zac: That's insane.


Brennan: What the fuck?

Ally: Hey, it's a god thing. Wink.


Brennan: Speaking of god things, you are bleeding out on the balustrade--


Ally: Have been for a while.


Brennan: Have been for a while. Kristen, you appear at the corny gates.


Ally: Corny gates. The corny-ass gates.


Brennan: You see that the gates open before you as you stay here on the verge of death. You walk into the heavenly heights. As you're walking, you see happy people, angels flying around, there's a young, beautiful woman, this little weird 1960s vibe, midriff sweater, beehive hair, little long cigarette, beautiful red hair, smoking up a storm, surrounded by men and women and flirting with them all. You see she's going,


Woman: Oh, I love it here, it's wonderful up here, it's wonderful.


Brennan: You see that she looks over at you and says,


Woman: Kristen?


Kristen: Yeah?


Woman: It's me! Doreen.


Kristen: Oh my God, Doreen!


Doreen: Yeah, why would you be old in Heaven? I'm young and hot again.


Kristen: I don't know; yeah, you are, you look cool. You look cool as fuck.


Doreen: It's great here.


Kristen Yeah, cool.


Doreen: Hey, funny story: I haven't seen Helio around in a little while. Oh, can you tell that young woman Adaine all that stuff I said when I was dying, I was just mad.


Kristen: Oh, um--


Doreen: I got up here and immediately forgot about it all. I lived a good life.


Kristen: I think I'm dead, actually. I think I'm up here for good.


Doreen: Bummer, I'm sorry to hear that.


Kristen: Yeah, but it's okay.


Doreen: Sol wanted to see you.


Kristen: Oh, cool. Let's see, is he in a beer-pong room, or is he fucking—


Doreen: No, not Helio, he's in the beer-pong room. The father--


Kristen: Yeah, yeah, I just figured Sol was similar.


Doreen: He's in his office, he hasn't had anyone in in a while. The angels are all starting to get worried. He's been very secretive since, you know, the thing happened with you coming here.


Kristen: Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, I'll go see him.

Brennan: What's Kristen's feeling as she's walking through the heavenly heights?


Ally: Fucking over it! How is any of this real? How did I end up here again? I did a lot more research.


Brennan: You walk up, you see a bunch of angels look and they say,


Angel: You have leave to enter this place. Sol has not seen fit to allow us entry in some time. He wishes to speak to a mortal only. Enter, but please be kind to him, he is our creator.


Kristen: Yeah, yeah. Sorry I've kinda got a chip on my shoulder lately, but yeah, of course.


Brennan: You enter the room, you close the door behind you. You look over and the first thing you notice is a pair of feet with sandals sticking out from behind a desk, and you turn your head to look and you see a long-bearded, white-robed god with sun unconscious on the ground, and you see, standing on the desk with no pants and just boxers and a shirt with a crazy tie is Arthur Aguefort, who goes,


Aguefort: Kristen! Thank goodness, you're here just in time!


Kristen: Did you kill God?


Aguefort: Oh no, I think he's just unconscious; I don't know if you can kill a god. The only way you can kill a god is to kill all of their followers in the Prime Material Plane. Yes, great magic's at work here.


Kristen: What is going on? Why are you dressed like a weird stripper?


Aguefort: What? It's too hot in here. He's the sun! I had to take my pants off, I was sweating.


Kristen: Why? Why would you start with your pants? That's crazy.


Aguefort: I shed heat through my legs, mostly.


Kristen: Okay, yeah. Alright, cool.


Augefort: Alright. My darling girl, you're here. It all worked, everything worked out. My mind, they were poisoning it. My body was a prison, so I had to kill myself to regain my intellect, and now, I've made the god of the sun unconscious, and I've been running Heaven behind their back. No one knows I'm in here. The angels all think that their god is still around. It's been quite some time, but you understand—


Kristen: Yeah, see, that's the moment that I remember. There are antipsychotic drugs that are so good. It's like, you don't even realize when you're going into an episode, it just smooths your whole life out.


Aguefort: My darling girl, recreation is the highest form of self-medication, and I have realized long ago that the heart and soul of magic is having a good time.


Kristen: So you're a god now?


Aguefort: Barely, but, there is business. Goldenhoard is Kalvaxus.


Kristen: I know, we know that; he just killed me.


Aguefort: Oh no! We have not much time. Listen! Alright. I'm going to clean up around here a little bit more, I've been shitting in the corner for a long time.

Kristen: Jesus Christ.


Aguefort: I've been holed up in here for quite some while, so, what you need to do is this: there's a door past here. It is a door to the void, the source of all divine energy. You understand that Sol is one god of many?


Kristen: Oh, cool, I always thought that.


Aguefort: All gods gain their power from beyond that door,


Brennan: And you see a door at the end of a staircase. The door is not gleaming and golden; it is shifting, gray, with a cool energy to it. He says,


Augefort: If you wish for answers, that is where the gods go for theirs.


Kristen: Okay, cool.


Brennan: You walk into the door. You walk into endless, inky void. It's not scary, like being in space or anything, it's not scary like it's gonna consume you, the darkness. It feels warm. It feels like the darkness at the beginning of things. It doesn't feel like an end, it feels like endless potential. You hear a soft voice speaking to you from all around, and it says,


Voice: You've been asking a question for quite some time. Would you like to ask it here?


Kristen nods.


Voice: What is your question?


Kristen: Why and who?

Voice: Who is easy. It is us, everything, and you. Why is harder. Why is something that only you can decide. The universe doesn't have a why.


Kristen: Okay, cool. Can I have sex with whoever I want?

Voice: From the smallest atom of creation--


Kristen: Hot.


Voice: To the greatest stars in the sky, spinning galaxies and particles so small that they are beyond imagination—


Kristen: Uncomfortably wet.

Voice: None of that gives a shit about who you fuck.


Kristen: Cool.


Voice: As long as you're fucking people who are into it.


Kristen: Cool. This is all great news.


Brennan: You see that it says,

Voice: The first rule of existence is: as above, so below. People are fractal images of the universe. You are as we are. Bad things happen to good people because things happen all the time, and it is up to people to determine whether they are bad or good. In the same way that your heart feels and your mind thinks, you mortal beings are the instrument by which the universe cares. If you choose to care, then the universe cares, and if you don't, then it doesn't.


Kristen: Cool. I care.


Brennan: As you say, "I care," your heart glows with incredible power, a deep red and pink and then purples, expanding out through the void. You see that the void, you can feel warmth and happiness from your choice to care.


Voice: If you care, we care. Kristen, what is a god worthy of your worship?


Kristen: Just an enthusiastic yes with an exclamation point, floating in the sky.

Brennan: A giant three-dimensional block-letters “Yes!” with an exclamation mark appears in front of you. You see it, it says,


Yes!: Yes, Kristen, yes! I am so happy to be the object of your worship.


Kristen: Dope.


Yes!: I care so much about you and about the things that you care about, and if you want spells, and you wanna spread the gospel, and you wanna teach people about how easy it is to care and be kind and take care of people, then I'm here to help.


Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: You appear back at the staircase.


Ally: Dope. 

Brennan: Arthur Aguefort says,


Aguefort: How did it go in there?


Kristen: It was interesting. Now I have a really enthusiastic god that I praise. He's kinda like the person you invite to the party and 10 minutes in, you're like, “This is gonna take a lot of mental energy."


Aguefort: You've created a new deity and already, you're fed up with it. I would say that's par for the course. Now, I'm gonna kick this door down and shoot all of these angels in the head. We're gonna run--


Kristen: Run?


Aguefort: We're gonna run for the exit.


Kristen: No, what? This is you popping in my backpack again.


Aguefort: Alright. What's that?


Kristen: When you hopped in my backpack and you just went, "Shh," a whole bunch.


Aguefort: Ooh! Very clever!


Brennan: He crawls into your backpack--


Kristen: No, no! I didn't.


Brennan: He says,


Aguefort: Alright, get out of here. If you stop walking, I'm gonna jump out and start shooting.


Kristen: Okay.


Ally: I just keep walking.


Brennan: You walk to the gates, you get there, you see that the guardian angel of the gate says,


Angel: I'm sorry, I don't think you're able to—


Brennan: See Arthur reaches out and goes, just in the shoulder, and he says,


Aguefort: Run! It's just a wound, just an injury!


Brennan: What do you do?


Ally: I sprint! I sprint out of there.


Brennan: You sprint, leap, you start descending back to the world. You see the gym appearing before you. You see that Arthur goes,


Aguefort: Now, I'm going to be occupied the moment we arrive.


Brennan: He starts putting his pants back on and doing his tie and getting his umbrella.


Aguefort: I will be occupied the moment we arrive back there. Listen to me. Remember, you have all the time you need, alright? We can save your friends. Remember, Kristen. The greatest magic of all. Do you remember?


Kristen: Is friendship.


Aguefort: What the fuck is wrong with you?


Kristen: The greatest magic of all, this winter at Disneyland.


Aguefort: Friendship? Are you, are you, are you, are you about friendship? Friends die all of the time! What an insane--


Kristen: The greatest magic of all is the devil making us believe he doesn't exist.


Aguefort: No, that's a saying; listen to me! Friendship? Fuck! All this, “Love is the greatest magic of all.” So, in a war, a mother and her children get fucking iced in an alleyway outside of their home, was the problem that they didn't love each other enough? That's crazy, Kristen! That's crazy! Love is not magic! Magic is magic, love is love!


Kristen: Okay, what's the answer, cokehead?


Aguefort: Chronomancy! As I said, at your first day, the greatest magic of all is chronomancy. Around your neck, by your dog tags.


Kristen: Uh-huh?


Aguefort: My watch.


Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: You guys land back where you are, ba-ba-ba-bum. Arthur Aguefort appears on the battlefield.

Emily: Oh shit!


Ally: Oh shit!


Emily: He's back, bitch!


Brennan: He's back, bitch! He appears; you see he goes--


Lou: Is Arthur Aguefort Black?


Brennan: Yeah!


Lou: Hell yes.


Brennan: You see that Arthur Aguefort lands—


Ally: In a suit.


Lou: Yeah. My brother. Damn.

Brennan: Arthur Aguefort says,


Aguefort: The watch, Kristen!


Brennan: He looks over at Kalvaxus and goes,


Aguefort: Ah, Kalvaxus.


Brennan: You see that Mr. Gibbons appears out of nowhere and he goes,


Mr. Gibbons: Powerful feelings.


Brennan: Leaps into Aguefort's throat, and you see that Aguefort goes,


Aguefort: Mr. Gibbons, see reason!


Brennan: And clocks himself in the face. Kristen, it is your turn, you are holding the watch. 

Watch: Please select how many people you would like to bring with you into this suspended chronological animation, and for how many hours. Kindly select a number between one and 12.


Ally: I pick the party.


Emily: And Dad.


Ally: The other five people— what?


Emily: And my daddy.


Ally: Oh yeah, and Gorthalax the Insatiable.


Murph: Sklonda.


Ally: And Sklonda. And all of the police force, if they ever show up.


Brennan: Unless you can name police members, I don't think the watch is going to accept it.


Ally: Sklonda and who's the—


Emily: You can leave Gilear out of it.


Ally: Never mind.


Brennan: Sklonda, Gorthalax, you and the party.


Ally: Yeah.


Brennan: Cool.


Ally: And, that's it.


Siobhan: What about Aguefort, Arthur Aguefort?


Ally: And Aguefort— Well, Aguefort is being possessed. Does he wanna be awake?


Brennan: You don't know. He could possibly kill himself if he's just allowed to possess himself.


Ally: Punching himself? I'll leave him out.


Murph: Here's a question. Should you leave me out? Will she still have a chance to heal? 'Cause I'll die if it comes back to my turn, I can almost guarantee it.


Ally: You're the only one who can call police. I think I can get to you--


Murph: No, I think I was just rolling for their turn for them to eventually come. Will she have a chance to heal or do anything?


Brennan: She will have a bonus action to throw a Healing Word to you.


Ally: Yeah, okay. So that's what I do. 

Murph: Then don't cryogenically freeze me.

Brennan: You name those people, Gorthalax looks around very surprised.


Ally: Oh, sorry, and Jawbone!

Brennan: Right under the wire, Miss Applebees. You see, time stops. You Healing Word Riz.


Ally: Yup.


Brennan: And you see that Kalvaxus stops. All of your friends are bleeding on the ground. You Healing Word everybody. Arthur Aguefort is frozen, Gorthalax looks around, Jawbone—


Siobhan: I'm also out. Oh, 10?


Murph: 10 for everyone?


Ally: 10 for everyone.


Siobhan: Thank you.


Brennan: Jawbone is way in the back of Goldenhoard's mouth, and you got him right when his mouth was mostly closed, so you see Jawbone waves out from through the teeth, going,


Jawbone: Hey, gang! I'm mostly just sorta in here. I don't know exactly what's going on.


Riz: Do you need help getting out?


Brennan: You see he starts clawing inside and he's like,


Jawbone: Nah, this time doodad, I can't really do damage right now. I'm good.


Fig: Do you want some food?


Jawbone: Yeah, if you wanna go get a burger or a shake— no, 'cause you did a time ding-dang, right?


Kristen: Well, we could just go take them.


Riz: What if we threw some bombs down his throat, could you move out of the way a little bit?


Zac: It's fire damage, though.


Murph: Is it?


Zac: Yeah.


Siobhan: If we've got all the time in the world, could we damage him if he's stuck in time?


Brennan: You cannot damage him as he's stuck in time. What you guys can do is take a long rest.


Zac: Oh god.


Lou: What?


Ally: Yeah, I'll pick 12 hours.


Murph: That's amazing!


Brennan: You picked 12 hours, right?


Emily: Oh my god.


Murph: I just pull up a sleeping bag.


Brennan: You see that Gorthalax says,


Gorthalax: This feels a little weird, right?


Emily: I say,


Fig: Dad, that's what happens when you hang out with my friends.


Gorthalax: Hey, you know, it's kinda like a lock-in, right?


Riz: It is like a lock-in, I was gonna say the same thing, Gorthalax!


Brennan: You're standing here with the fucking end of the world in front of you, and he's like,


Gorthalax: Uh, okay, you know what? Why don't we go pitch a tent out in the yard? I don't feel great, it's just creepy to sleep right next to the dude, you know?


Fig: I wanna sleep between his legs.

Murph: Is Ragh alive?


Brennan: You go over to Ragh. Ragh is stable, but he's out of time.


Emily: I'll Healing Word him.


Murph: Don't use a spell. I'll just bring him up to one with my kit.


Emily: No, but we're about to sleep.


Brennan: You can bring him up to one with your kit. Cool.


Murph: Great, I'll just bring him up to 1.


Siobhan: Can I pull sandwiches for everybody out of my jacket, and then I'll Mage Hand one up to Jawbone?


Brennan: In the middle of the most, the battle of all time, a fucking new deity is created, Arthur Aguefort is back, the wizard of the fucking academy. Five minutes after that, you guys are all sitting on a step outside, just kinda eating sandwiches.


Emily: Oh no, me, Gorthalax, and Gorgug are actually jamming.

Zac: We have 12 hours, right? I wanna get eight hours, but I wanna just practice—


Emily: We're gonna jam for four hours.


Siobhan: I can change my--


Brennan: You can change your spells prepared.


Ally: Hell yeah. Get all our shit back.


Lou: I'd like to go and just stab Dayne in the chest a bunch of times.


Brennan: The time stops your thing at his.

Zac: I wish I could just go like.


Emily: Can I put on Penelope's crown?


Brennan: Yes, you can.


Ally: Can we sleep, a long rest, but wake up with enough time to prepare actions before we’re back in full battle?


Brennan: Yeah, you guys got 12 hours.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: Sandwiches and jam probably takes what, 45 minutes? An hour? So, you guys are just kinda kicking it, after—


Emily: Can I also, um—


Murph: Does my mom show up?


Brennan: Yeah, literally, about 10 minutes after you guys have eaten sandwiches, you see your mom very carefully sneaks up, and she looks at you and goes,


Sklonda: Riz, the whole world has become insane!


Riz: Yeah, that's 'cause of us.


Sklonda: What the fuck do they teach you at this school?


Gorgug: Are you talking about the time thing?


Sklonda: Yeah, Gorgug, the time thing!


Gorgug: Well, there's a lot that's insane there.


Riz: Your car probably just stopped with all of your friends just--


Sklonda: I had to pull the seat in the back down and kick the taillights out to squeeze through. What's happening?


Riz: Gorthalax-- Or, not Gorthalax--


Kristen: I created a new god.


Riz: ...Well, that's just complicated and unnecessary.


Kristen: Hm? Oh, sorry.


Riz: What's the dragon's name?


Kristen: It's an enthusiastic Yes.


Riz: Guys, what's the dragon's name?


Fig/Gorgug/Adaine: Kalvaxus.


Kristen: Oh, that.


Riz: Kalvaxus is here, he's a giant dragon.


Gorgug: He was our principal.


Riz: We do have a time watch that can stop it for 12 hours, so we're taking a quick, taking a T.


Brennan: That’s Detective Sklonda Gukgak.


Murph: What's up?


Brennan: What's up, mom?


Ally: Aww, cute!


Siobhan: Sklonda!


Brennan: You guys all sleep. Your mom is sitting there, so there's a moment where you guys jam for a while. While you guys are jamming, Gorthalax is going,


Gorthalax: Oh, man, alright. Well, I think we can take him. I think I feel good; you feel good?


Fig: Yeah, I feel amped.


Zac: I'm stretching.

Riz: Oh, Mom, I think we should maybe climb up and go stab him in the head, because this is the guy, he ate Dad, he told me he ate Dad.


Sklonda: We're gonna kill this motherfucker, sweetie.


Riz: I agree, I was thinking about crawling in there and trying to get out his goblin bone, so we can give him a proper burial, but I think that would be fucked up and I'd maybe get eaten by his stomach acids, so let's just stab him in the head.


Sklonda: Sweetie?


Riz: Yeah?


Sklonda: We're going to be the goblins that killed a dragon.


Riz: Hell yeah.


Sklonda: That's what we're gonna be. And you know what? We are badass. We are badass.


Brennan: While you guys are jamming on the stage, you see that Jawbone is just in the mouth, going,


Jawbone: Woo! Yeah!


Murph: I give Jawbone a sandwich.

Jawbone: It's weird, I'm like a mouth in a mouth.


Gorgug: I've never seen a wolf eat a sandwich. 

Jawbone: You've never seen a wolf eat a sandwich?


Gorgug: Well, maybe, actually.


Fig: I saw you eat a salad one time. I thought you were more of a salad guy.


Jawbone: I am more of a salad guy, but on a day like this where you're fighting, you're burning a ton of calories, you can kinda eat whatever you want.


Fig: Yeah, that's true.


Brennan: You see that Gorthalax and Sklonda are hanging outside. Sklonda's there, can't believe what you just told her. Gorthalax looks over at Sklonda, she goes,


Sklonda: I can't believe it. This man killed my husband, and I'm gonna kill him with my son.


Brennan: You see Gorthalax looks over and says,


Gorthalax: I'm sorry that your husband passed, that's really rough. I'm Gorthalax, I'm Fig's dad.


Brennan: Everyone here make Insight checks.


Emily: Oh my God.


Lou: 13.


Emily: 6.


Murph: So many dads.


Zac: 12.


Ally: 12.


Siobhan: 20, not nat 20.


Murph: 17.


Brennan: Riz and Adaine, and Fig as well, you guys look over and see Gorthalax and Sklonda share a soft look.


Siobhan: Oh my God.


Emily: Gilear is gonna be so humiliated again.


Siobhan: Cucked again.

Murph: Mom, he's so enormous. For goblins.


Brennan: Okay. You guys sleep, all your hit points are back, it's a long rest, you guys re-prepare spells, it's a brand new day.


Emily: I sleep between his legs.


Brennan: You sleep between his legs. He is moving very slowly. 'Cause you play for a while—


Murph: Yeah, I wanna dance in front of him, so that he just sees it real quick.


Brennan: Just watches it all happen in fast motion.


Siobhan: Is this weird? Can I get a bunch of ice out of my jacket and ice everybody's weapons?


Brennan: Yeah, you can do that.


Siobhan: Is that nuts? I don’t know if it’ll do any fucking difference.


Brennan: Make them cold? Sure.


Zac: Do you have that wand?


Siobhan: I do have that wand, but I don't know if the wand will… I mean, can I-- I don't really know what the wand does, except that it's like—


Murph: More like a cantrip?


Emily: I think the wand—


Brennan: It's a wand of Ray of Frost.


Siobhan: It's a wand of Ray of Frost!


Brennan: Yeah, it's a wand of Ray of Frost.


Murph: That's so funny.


Brennan: You guys go ahead and position your characters wherever you want them.


Siobhan: But if I have the wand, can I do the wand and a spell?


Brennan: No, it's an action.


Siobhan: Nah, dang, alright.


Murph: Yup.


Emily: Yeah, I probably wanna be within--


Murph: Move over, boys. I’m coming up.


Emily: Is this within 60 feet of him?


Brennan: Where you at?


Murph: 60 feet? Like to be---


Zac: I can scoot over.


Emily: Actually, I wanna stand on this now. No, that's... As long as it's more than 60 feet.


Murph: I'm gonna just put myself up here just to have my character up there, but--


Lou: I guess I'd like to be on his back.


Brennan: Dope.


Zac: Off your motorcycle?


Lou: Off my motorcycle.


Murph: I guess more down on the neck, so maybe I can possibly try to hide in his spikes.


Lou: Motorcycle’s never very far.


Brennan: Okay. Put the Hangman wherever you want it.


Ally: I guess I'll just do this as a move, but I wanted to cast Spiritual Weapon on my book of Helio and hand it to Jawbone to throw down his throat, so that the spiritual weapon will just be in him and he'll take hit points.


Brennan: He grabs it and there’s, well, now your spiritual weapon is no longer a cob of corn. Now it's a big, floating, block-letter yes with an exclamation point.


Siobhan: So '90s.


Murph: Just a Buzzfeed symbol. Yeah.


Brennan: He takes it through the teeth—


Emily: Kinda like Jeb Bush's—


Brennan: Shoves it down there—


Fig: Here's basically Jeb Bush's campaign.


Ally: Excuse me?


Zac: Please clap.


Ally: Never mind, I don't wanna do that.


Brennan: Okay. Cool.


Ally: Oh wait, I do wanna position myself. Can I climb in with Jawbone?


Murph: Can you give us a Bless?


Ally: Can I climb in with Jawbone?


Brennan: You can't get through the teeth into the mouth.


Ally: Okay, I Bless you, your mom, and you. Are those the only people who have vendettas?


Zac: I think we're all pretty Blessed.

Brennan: Also, you have the teddy bear, so you can Bless two people if you want, or Bless six people.


Murph: You don’t have to Bless my mom.


Ally: I Bless everyone, everyone's got it.


Murph: Dope.


Emily: Sweet.


Ally: Everyone's Blessed, I am going to hide underneath him.


Zac: He's gonna step on you.


Siobhan: That seems dangerous. Yeah, you need to stay safe. The reason that we died is because you died.


Ally: But I have spirit guardians, and I have to be within 15 feet, and I can do a lot of damage.


Brennan: You guys have a minute left before the rush runs out.


Murph: Wait, we're all on him?


Lou: We're all on him.


Brennan: Everyone has crawled onto Kalva—


Adaine: I'm not.


Brennan: You're not.


Brennan: That's going to be--


Siobhan: That's stupid.


Brennan: So, Sklonda's there--


Ally: Fuck it, I'll be over here. This is still 15 feet, right? If I'm near his wing?


Brennan: Yeah, for sure.


Siobhan: Can anybody use a wand?


Brennan: Anyone with a little bit of Arcane talent can, yeah.


Murph: Give it to the guy who’s eating food.


Siobhan: Can I give it to Gorthalax?


Brennan: You give it to Gorthalax, he takes it, snaps it in half, presses it flat, and has a little guitar pick, and his guitar goes icy blue.


Siobhan: Sick.


Murph: Dope.


Ally: At first I thought he really fucked up, and I was like, that was a waste of a turn.


Brennan: We come back in at the top of the initiative order. The watch, 

Kalvaxus: What the fuck?


Brennan: And that's going to be Fig's turn.


Emily: I'm doing Reckless Shred, which means he's gonna have disadvantage on all saving throws against damage-dealing spells, hint hint, anyone, and I'm doing Dissonant Whispers, level four.


Murph: Hell yeah, dude.


Lou: Hell yeah, dude.


Brennan: He gets disadvantage?


Emily: And he has disadvantage.


Brennan: He fails that saving throw.


Emily: Okay! So, that is 3, this is 1, so, 6d6.


Brennan: Go ahead and roll it. You want some d6?


Emily: Gimme d6.


Zac: Oh, d6.


Brennan: Here you go. 6d6, you got it.


Zac: D6. You already have six?


Emily: Yeah. Okay, that is, 12, 18, 19, 21. No, 22, 22.


Brennan: Damn. You shred so hard, he goes and slams into the wall here. He whips at you and deals you 16 points of damage with his tail as he flies away.


Emily: Okay.


Brennan: That's going to be Ragh. Ragh stands up--


Emily: Oh, and I wink at, who needs it?


Murph: I would love it.


Emily: I wink at my boy.


Murph: Thank you.


Zac: Ragh goes before me?


Ally: You forget his name?


Brennan: Oh, sorry, yeah, you go first, Gorgug.


Zac: I'm gonna just Reckless Attack and I get advantage on attack. Can I use this?


Siobhan: Yeah. Nice.


Zac: Yes, I hit him. And my second attack--


Emily: Don't forget your d4, 'cause we're Blessed.


Zac: Oh yes. Alright, so my second attack is 17, does that hit?


Brennan: A 17 does not hit.


Zac: Okay. My last attack is 21.


Brennan: 21 hits.


Zac: So,2, hit him for 12, ooh, and then 19.


Brennan: Jesus!


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: 12 and 19?


Ally: 31.


Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody on, I'm gonna need Kristen, Sklonda, Gorgug, Riz, Fabian, to all make Dexterity saving throws.


Murph: Really smart idea.


Siobhan: Is this a spell?


Ally: Nat 1!


Emily: Remember to add your Bless.


Murph: Yeah, of course.


Brennan: Nat 1.


Ally: Nat 1 with a 4 Bless.


Zac: I got a 18.


Lou: A 26.


Murph: I got 14.


Brennan: 14; what'd you get?


Zac: 18.


Brennan: 18; what'd you get?


Lou: 26.


Ally: You could add your Bardic Inspiration.


Zac: Oh, I can add Bless, right?


Brennan: Bless, yeah, you can add Bless.


Murph: I feel like I don't wanna use it—


Zac: I got 20.


Murph: I'd rather get knocked down. I get 14.


Brennan: 14. Gorgug, Riz—


Zac: Oh gosh.


Brennan: Bam, bam, Jawbone gets spit out. Fabian hangs on.


Lou: Hell yes.


Murph: Good for you, Fabian. That was a bad idea all around. Happy to have fallen off.


Brennan: You guys each take, 2d6 plus 8, you guys take 12 damage each, halved for you to 6. Kristen, you also take that same amount of damage. You go prone, Sklonda is fine--


Lou: Hell yeah, Sklonda.


Brennan: And that's going to be Ragh's turn. Ragh runs and goes,


Ragh: I don't know what the fuck is happening! Everything looks different from before I've dropped, but circling back, I am gay, I am proud of it now-


Gorgug: That was so long ago.


Adaine: Stab him in the dick, dude!


Brennan: He does swing and connects directly with a slit in the crotch of— Bam! Kalvaxus goes,


Kalvaxus: You found it!


Emily: Can I quickly turn into Dayne and be like,


Fig: That was awesome, dude.


Brennan: You see Ragh goes,


Ragh: What the fuck?


Brennan: And sees Dayne's dead body and says,


Ragh: That's not nice.


Fig: Okay, sorry, I was trying to make you feel good.


Emily: I turn back.


Brennan: That is going to now be Riz, that's your turn.


Murph: Dope. Okay. I get up. 

Brennan: Half your movement.


Murph: Great, great, this is good. I think I'm over there, yeah. Cool. So, I am going to… I'm gonna first shoot at him.


Brennan: Cool.


Murph: I don't know what dice to use, because I'm doing a bad job with all of them. Awesome. That's a lot. Uh, 18 plus 27 to hit.


Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: Hell yeah.


Murph: Cool. Doot-doo-doo. 4d6 and then my weapon damage? Ooh, that's not great. 1, 2, 4, 9, 14, 20, plus Fury of the Small for another 8.


Ally: 28.


Murph: 28.


Brennan: You raise your gun up, one of your father's bullets, tears one of Kalvaxus's eyes out of his head.


Riz: Hell yeah, dude.


Kalvaxus: What trickery is this?


Brennan: You see Arthur Aguefort says,


Aguefort: The trickery of a wizard's watch. 


Brennan: Wham, wham, wham! 

Aguefort: Mr. Gibbons, I'm sorry I had to kill you!


Murph: And then I'm gonna take a bonus act-- ooh, maybe I don't use that. I guess I'll just try to hide; he's gonna fucking see me, I'm sure, but I'll hide.


Brennan: Cool. That's going to be Jawbone, who takes a full run, gets to about here. That's going to be Sklonda. You see that Sklonda starts firing shots around Kalvaxus's head to distract him. You see she looks down at you and goes,


Sklonda: Covering fire, kiddo!


Brennan: You have advantage on attack rolls.


Murph: Dope.


Ally: Sick.


Brennan: Fabian, that's you.


Lou: I'd like to Action Surge and attack him four times.


Murph: Hell yeah, dude!


Lou: And then, can I also do something elaborate, or showy, kind of jumping—


Brennan: Please make an Athletics check for me.


Lou: Great.


Murph: Is it Acrobatics or Athletics?


Ally: 19! Sick, hell yeah.


Lou: 19, plus 8— yeah.


Brennan: You wanna roll to see if you crit?


Lou: Let's see if I crit.


Zac: That is a crit, right?


Lou: No, only for attacks.


Emily: Hey, wasn't that a 1? Did you just roll 1?


Siobhan: It was a 7.


Emily: Ah, okay, 'cause isn't that a crit?


Ally: Oh, yeah.


Brennan: What do you do?


Lou: Oh, I think it's a lot of running off of the wings, falling, backstabbing, then coming back, just doing cool spins.


Brennan: Please make four attack rolls. Go ahead and roll 4d20 at the same time.


Lou: Oh, wow.


Brennan: And I'll just tell you right now, his AC is 19.


Lou: Great.


Emily: Remember, you're Blessed.


Lou: Oh, I'm Blessed.


Brennan: And add a Bless to all of them, just roll that one.


Murph: Oh, hell yeah, dude, 4!


Lou: So, we'll add the 4, so that's 9 plus 8, 17; that doesn't work.


Ally: Oh, you add the Bless to all of them.


Brennan: No, you add 4 to all of them.


Lou: Oh, the same 4, so, 4. So, 14 plus 8, that's enough.


Brennan: That's gonna do it.


Lou: That's enough. And 17 plus, that is also, so 3.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: Yeah, do your damage, man.


Lou: Great. 11, 13, 11 again. So—


Brennan: Fabian fucking, pow, pow, pow, pow! He bats you with a wing, you run off the wing, bicycle-kick, stab him in the fucking head, grab off of his fangs, whip around to fucking kick him in the other good eye. Literally, to descend to the ground, you just slice your saber in there, and slide down him, slitting open his scaly chest, there's a huge seam in it--


Lou: And of course, I'd like to land on the Hangman.


Brennan: And of course, you fucking do. And the Hangman peels away. That is going to be, ba-ba-bum—


Murph: Maybe not be right next to me.


Brennan: Oh yeah, where do you wanna go?


Lou: Yeah, I, um—


Brennan: Over here?


Murph: We should be spread out wherever we're going.


Lou: Yeah, that feels right.


Brennan: Cool. That's gonna be Adaine.


Siobhan: Hm, interesting. Well--


Zac: Did you re-roll your daily?


Siobhan: Yeah, I got a 9 and an 8, which is not super useful.


Ally: You could give those to their rolls.


Emily: He's got disadvantage on saving throws against damage spells.


Siobhan: Yeah, I am going to just cast Lightning Bolt on him.


Brennan: Hell yeah; roll damage.


Siobhan: Don't I have to roll to—? No, it’s just rolling damage, right.


Brennan: No, he has a saving throw. He's gonna use one of his legendary resistances, though, to take half damage.


Siobhan: Oh, okay.


Brennan: Also, because it's within 24 hours, none of you have to roll for dragon fright.


Siobhan: Great.


Murph: Dope.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Siobhan: 10, and 9, 19. So, 9 damage.


Brennan: 9 damage? Lightning Bolt fires off across his face. He's looking messed up, gang. That is going to be Kristen.


Ally: Alright. Can I use my movement to jump into his mouth and get as far down his throat as I can?


Murph: Kristen.


Emily: Kristen!


Brennan: Yes, you can.


Ally: Alright, cool. I do that, I disappear; I have lubed myself up, I'm sliding down his throat, and I cast Spirit Guardians. So, every time it becomes his turn in between each of our turns, he has to roll.


Brennan: Go ahead and make an Athletics check for me.


Ally: Cool. Hell yeah. 16?


Brennan: Is it the philosopher still or is it something new now?


Emily: Is it just the word Yes!?


Siobhan: Yes! Yes! Yes!


Ally: It's the big Buzzfeed LOL Yes!


Brennan: You see just a bunch of yes, yes, yes! Kristen leaps, Kalvaxus goes,


Kalvaxus: Why? How did you?

Brennan: And you scramble down his throat. You see the giant burning interior of his fiery center, and you see,


Yes! Spirit Guardians: “Wow, yes, cool! Right on! Rad! That's it!”


Ally: Oh no! The other ones were so much better!


Emily: He has disadvantage on his saving throws.


Ally: Could there be a couple remaining philosophers in there?


Brennan: Sure.


Ally: They're annoyed and we bond over that.


Brennan: You see that a bunch of the philosophers appear in a little bwoop that says, “15 Best Philosophy Quotes You've Never Heard About.”


Ally: No! No!


Brennan: This is the god you made.


Ally: I was under pressure, okay? Oh no, I made an Internet god.


Brennan: You see that will happen on his turn. Aguefort lifts up in the air with telekinesis, flies across the room, and smashes himself into here and falls to the ground. Bam! Goldenhoard--


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: Ooh, is going to hit...


Murph: Oh, Ragh.


Brennan: No, he's going to--


Murph: Jawbone.


Brennan: 11. He deals 26 damage to Adaine with his tail.


Murph: Oh shit.


Siobhan: It doesn't make any difference with Shield?


Brennan: Not particularly, no.


Siobhan: Okay great. Thank goodness.


Ally: Does he roll from my guardians on top of his turn?


Brennan: On the top of his turn, he does, yes. He makes the saving throw, so you can tell me and he'll take half damage.


Ally: I rolled it as a fourth-level, just so you know.


Brennan: Hell yeah.


Ally: 8, 8, 6, 1. It’s uh, 17, plus 6, is 23, so he takes 11.


Brennan: He takes 11, cool. You see he is going to, bum bum bum, where did that go here? Yeah. I'm gonna need Fig and Riz to roll Dexterity saving throws.


Siobhan: Can I attempt to cast a Counterspell on that spell?


Brennan: It is not a spell, it is his breath weapon.


Siobhan: Great.


Brennan: Not, not magic. And that's, yep.


Emily: Oh, I have disadvantage, I think.


Brennan: Yep, you do.


Emily: Oh, I got a nat 20! But I can't use it, but I still got a 19.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Lou: A 19 and a nat 20?


Emily: Well, I mean I got a 17, or I got a 15 plus four.


Ally: What does he have disadvantage on?


Lou: Frost.


Ally: What does he have disadvantage on from your thing?


Siobhan: Spells.


Fig: It's 'cause I do a barbarian thing--


Murph: You have a 9 or a 10 right now?


Siobhan: Yeah. What do you need?


Murph: I am so worried that I'm gonna roll so bad.


Siobhan: No you are not, you are gonna roll so good.


Murph: If I had a 10, I would have an 18 plus Bless plus Bardic Inspiration, and I would almost definitely pass, and I might rather take that.


Siobhan: I have an 8 and a 9.


Murph: Oh, okay. Alright, whatever. I guess I'll--


Ally: You could take the 9.


Siobhan: I mean, 9 might, if you have Bless.


Emily: Oh, I forgot to add Bless.


Murph: Bless and Bardic Inspiration.


Emily: So, technically, I have 23.


Brennan: Your call, guys, what you wanna do?


Ally: You’ve been rolling like shit.


Siobhan: You want the 9?


Murph: Could you give me a 9?


Siobhan: It's yours, man.


Murph: Cool, I'll take the 9.


Brennan: Go ahead and roll Bless.


Murph: 2.


Brennan: You saved.


Murph: Oh great. Thank God.

Brennan: Oh, Jesus.


Emily: Is this fire?


Brennan: This is fire, so it's gonna be even halved, 12, 18, 28, 36, 46, 56, you take 33 points of fire damage.


Emily: But then, do I halve--


Brennan: No, that's halved.


Emily: But don't I quarter it, because I'm--


Brennan: You failed your save.


Emily: No, I got 23.


Murph: She's resistant.


Brennan: Oh, 23? I didn't hear you say, sorry. Yes; wait. Even with disadvantage?


Emily: Yeah. I got a 15 and then a 20, plus my Bless.


Brennan: Damn, quarter it! So you take 15. That's his turn. Gorthalax casts another spell on him, he uses his last legendary to resist. At the end of Gorthalax's turn, he whips his tail out and grabs Sklonda by the tail.


Murph: No!


Emily: No, Sklonda!


Brennan: Takes her to his mouth, and goes,


Kalvaxus: Ah, a familiar taste. This trickery will not be enough to save you.


Brennan: That's going to be Fig.


Ally: With that, does he encounter my Spirit Guardians again on that turn?


Brennan: He did already, that was his turn. That already happened. That's gonna be Fig.


Emily: Okay. I'm gonna try and cast Polymorph on him.

Brennan: Okay. Cool. This might fuck up Kristen. If you turn him into a fucking rabbit and Kristen's in his stomach.


Emily: Fuck it, you're right.


Murph: You could turn Sklonda into a rabbit, and she might fall through her hands, although a rabbit--


Brennan: Make the call, what do you want to do?


Emily: Okay, I'm not gonna do that, then. I'm gonna… I guess I'll try and cast Fear on him.


Brennan: Cool.


Emily: He's gotta do a Wisdom saving throw or drop whatever it is holding and become frightened. So I. (sighs)--


Brennan: You see that he--


Emily: Start playing my guitar. I wanna know his deepest fears.

Brennan: He looks at you, the thing springing from your guitar is a Vice Principal Goldenhoard in a suit pulling his pocket out of his pants and a little moth flying out.

Kalvaxus: Not enough to fool me.


Brennan: Gorgug, that's you, baby.


Emily: Oh, wait, let me at least use a bonus action. I'm gonna use a bonus action to give you some more Bardic Inspiration. 


Murph: Dope, thank you. I've been afraid to use it, it probably was for the best.


Zac: I'm going to jump at where Sklonda is and try to hit him in the hand to make him drop her.


Brennan: Awesome. Do an opposed Athletics check.


Zac: Okay. With Bless--


Brennan: You'd have to beat a 16.


Zac: I did on the first one; I wanna see if I… Yeah. That was a 22.


Brennan: He goes to devour Sklonda. Gorgug leaps up, clang!You grab Sklonda in your arms and leap to the balcony with Sklonda.


Riz: Thanks, dude!


Gorgug: Your mom's great!


Riz: You fucking rule, man!


Brennan: She goes,


Sklonda: Thanks, kiddo.

Emily: Does Gorthalax notice that? Is he relieved to see Sklonda okay?


Brennan: He is very relieved. Goldenhoard goes ahead and deals 15 points of damage to Fabian.


Ally: Does he roll for Spirit Guardians before?


Brennan: No, it's not on his turn, he's taking Legendary actions.


Ally: Oh, dang.


Brennan: Ragh takes a couple swings.


Murph: Yeah, Ragh.


Brennan: Ragh misses.

Zac: I'm just gonna turn Ragh around. It's sad to me that he's just like, "Where's the dragon?"


Brennan: Goldenhoard hits you, Riz, for 18 points of damage.


Murph: Uncanny Dodge, I'll take 9.


Brennan: He stands over you.


Kalvaxus: It's gonna take more than a Ball to kill me, boy.


Brennan: Riz, that's gonna be your turn.


Murph: Dope. So he's right over me?


Brennan: Right over you.


Murph: Cool. I would like to use the Sword of Shadows to shoot straight up into the air over his head, teleport.


Brennan: He lunges, you vanish. Your mom provides covering fire; go ahead and roll with advantage.


Murph: Oh boy. Alright. That is a 24 before Bless.


Brennan: That hits.


Murph: Dope.


Ally: Hell yeah.


Brennan: And you have, yeah, you rolled with advantage, yep.


Murph: Yep, okay. So that's... 11. 13. 17. 18. 24.


Brennan: Fabian. Teen Wolf's on the Hangman. Fig shreds on the guitar. Adaine, lightning crackling from her hand; Gorgug grabs Sklonda at the last minute, leaping to the balcony overhead. Kristen, deep in the bowels of this thing, being, frankly, burned to death—


Ally: Great.


Brennan: Kalvaxus lunges at you. 

Kalvaxus: Nothing more than a Ball?


Brennan: You feel the wind as you fall from the top of the gymnasium, Sword of Shadows in your hand, Dad's gun at your side. A year ago, your babysitter went missing. This is the person who took her, and this is the person that killed your father. Sword sinks deep into the skull of Kalvaxus. Shadow bursts from his eyes as his body is rent asunder. The light from the fire erupting from his mouth illuminates Riz, casting his giant shadow across the entire gymnasium, as shadows flicker out and burst from all around. Kristen is vomited out in a roiling thing of fire.

Ally: Yeah, I was gonna say,


Kristen: Someone cut me out!


Brennan: Gorthalax catches you, wham! In his hand.


Gorthalax: You alright, kiddo?

Kalvaxus: I had a whole plan! I did everything right! And the prophecy!


Murph: I would like to eat a bit of his flesh and I look at him in his one good eye, and I say,


Riz: I don't know how long it's gonna take me, but I'm gonna eat you, bitch!


Brennan: You see your mom leaps from the thing and she says,


Sklonda: Kiddo, we're not gonna need to go shopping tonight.


Riz: Yeah! Let's eat him!


Fig: Yeah!


Kristen: Eat our enemies? What have we become?

Brennan: You and your mom devour the front of Kalvaxus's head. Kalvaxus, Emperor of the Red Waste, AKA Vice Principal fucking Goldenhoard, is no more.

Fig: Fuck you, man! You sucked!


Adaine: He was a pervert. And he had a weird beating stick.


Gorgug: Oh my God.


Brennan: You walk over. You see that--


Zac: Can you roll to see if the police are...?


Brennan: Actually, hold on, wait a minute.


Murph: I got Bardic Inspiration!


Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and make the roll with Bardic Inspiration, please.


Murph: Oh my God, and Bless.


Brennan: And it's a 12 at this point.

Murph: If I fail this, I'm gonna just go home.


Emily: I really hope you don't.


Murph: I'm not invited--


Emily: I want you to fail this.


Murph: I'm not invited.


Brennan: Go for it.


Murph: I failed.


Lou: You piece of shit.


Murph: No no no no no! I get, wait, 12.


Brennan: 12!


Murph: I needed 12 exactly! Oh my God!


Ally: Wait. No, this is 10!


Lou: Wait, dawg, this is 10.


Murph: 6, 10?


Lou: My boy can't count. You lost.


Murph: I'm not leaving, I don't care.


Brennan: You see that--


Emily: It's better that you failed. We did it without—


Murph: That’s insane.


Ally: We don’t need the cops!


Brennan: You see that Gorthalax is over, casts his hand out. Arthur Aguefort, boom!, stands up. You see that Gorthalax sucks Mr. Gibbons' soul into his palm. Arthur Aguefort stands up and goes,


Aguefort: Very well. All is right again.


Gorgug: You're just alive?


Fig: Are you alive again?


Riz: What is your deal?


Emily: That's crazy.


Aguefort: What's my deal?


Riz: Yeah, are you alive?


Aguefort: What's my deal? I'm motherfucking Arthur Aguefort! I am 500 years old. I snuck into Heaven, and now, I'm back, motherfuckers!


Brennan: You see this phoenix appears over him; he says,


Aguefort: That bird is the last phoenix. I fucked that bird! It is my paramour! This motherfucker thought he could poison my tea. Well, you can't fuck with a wizard, can you?"


Gorgug: No?


Kristen: No, yeah.


Adaine: No, no you can't.


Brennan: You see he says,


Aguefort: Ms. Abernant, if you would kindly read that prophecy one more time, and pay attention to the words carefully.


Adaine: “When Kalvaxus once again beholds his glittering treasure and seven maidens once more are chained at the mouth of his lair, when war befalls the realm and a king and queen are crowned anew in Solace, then will the Emperor of the Red Waste be released from bondage. His destruction will know no bounds, the sun shall fall from the Heavens, and the world as we know it shall perish forever.”


Brennan: You guys look out the window and you see that Sol, the sun god, just straight up falls out of the sky and slams into the ground, still unconscious and tied up.


Fig: Wait, so you wanted this prophecy to happen, 'cause you--


Aguefort: You don't have to want the prophecy to happen or not happen, it just happens. His destruction knows no bound. The sun's fall from heaven and the world as we knew it has perished. A new god has been created.


Adaine: So my power is bullshit?


Aguefort: Everything in this world is bullshit, Ms. Abernant, but understanding how is the key.


Riz: So, is the sun just like a Yes! now?


Aguefort: Maybe. It's nighttime right now, you'll find out tomorrow morning.


Kristen: You guys, again, I'm really sorry for how annoying my gods are. They're still yelling OMG in my head.


Brennan: Go ahead and roll that d20 again for me real quick.


Murph: 14.


Cops: Nobody move!

Riz: Oh, thank God you're here!


Brennan: A bunch of cops rush in.


Cops: Alright, nobody move.


Siobhan: Jesus.


Riz: Are any of you clerics?


Cop: Huh?


Riz: Are any of you clerics?


Cops: Nah, no way.


Riz: Oh, so you would have been no help anyway.


Brennan: He says,


Cop: Oh, you guys should all be in a prison!


Zac: I go up to that guy and just slap him in the face.


Riz: Don't attack an offi—


Brennan: You see he starts crying and runs out.


Gorgug: Run away. Run away.


Lou: I slap the other one.

Brennan: He runs out.


Emily: I cast Fear on all of them.

Riz: Guys, I worked really hard to get these cops here.


Fabian: Oh, did you, The Ball?


Brennan: You see Arthur Aguefort looks around and says,


Aguefort: I cannot tell you how proud I am of you all. I knew when I shot Mr. Gibbons, and then shot myself in the head, that you would take care of us all.


Brennan: You see he looks over at Sklonda, is going over, she has the blood running down her mouth, and she says,


Sklonda: Way to go, kiddo.


Riz: We did it, Mom.


Sklonda: We did it.


Riz: We got leftovers for a while.


Fabian: Did you just shake your mother's hand?


Riz: Yeah, we shake hands.


Zac: Can I make an Insight check on Dr. Aguefort?


Brennan: Yeah, go for it.


Murph: Like, Predator style.


Zac: I got a 5.


Brennan: A 5? Fuck it, dude, it's worth asking.


Gorgug: Arthur, I'm just gonna ask.


Adaine: Professor Aguefort.


Gorgug: Professor Aguefort, are you my dad?


Aguefort: I was about to ask you the very same thing.


Gorgug: What?


Brennan: Moving on.


 Gorgug: Am I his dad?


Brennan: You see he says,


Aguefort: Ms. Applebees, would you be kind enough to Revivify Kalvaxus, bring him back to life?


Kristen: Should I?


Adaine: Why?


Brennan: You hear and a griffin lands outside. Sandra Lynn descends from her griffin and you see seven young women with broken chains and manacles step off the griffin, and all start sharpening weapons and walking to the mouth of the gym.


Murph: Oh, hell yeah.


Emily: Oh, hell yeah, the virgins are gonna kill him!


Brennan: He says,


Aguefort: It just feels right. Obviously, you sleuths cracked the case, and obviously, you had a personal revenge. It would be nice to give these young women a shot.


Riz: You cut him up, we'll eat him.


Kristen: Yeah. Um, okay, yeah, I can Revivify him, and then I can cast Hold Person and then he'll just have to stand there getting killed.


Brennan: You see that Penny rushes over to you and picks you up in a big hug.


Murph: Bear hug.


Penny: You cracked the case, bud!


Riz: We did it!


Penny: You guys did it! I'm Penny Luckstone, nice to meet all of you; I saw you guys in the arcade when that was happening.


Riz: Penny's great, she was my friend before I had friends.


Penny: Aw, shucks, that's great.


Fig: If you saw me attacking people in the arcade, I'm not a bad guy, it was just possession.


Penny: You got it. Can we grab the gym for a hot 20?


Ally: Yeah, of course. We have ice cream, right?


Zac: Can I see Zelda?


Brennan: You see ice cream covers the entire gymnasium.


Ally: Sick!


Siobhan: Thank you!


Lou: Just real quick, before we exit the gym, I'd like to cut off that man's hand.


Brennan: Yes, you cut off Dayne's hand.


Lou: Great, and while no one's watching, I just pocket it.


Riz: You don't have an eye. Take his eye! Take his eye, man!


Lou: The Ball, calm it!


Riz: Do you want me to bite it out for you?


Lou: No, The Ball.


Brennan: See Arthur, he says, 


Aguefort: Yes, violent, deranged lunatics. Exactly the thing this school was meant to produce. There's only one way to make a difference in this world, and it is to freak the fuck out all the time and just fuck shit right up.


Murph: Chaotic good, bitch.


Brennan: You see he takes you out of there as ice cream falls all over you, from all. You guys leave the gymnasium, Arthur stays behind, you see that Kalvaxus,

Kalvaxus: I'm back.


Brennan: You see that Katja Cleaver, the half-orc girl, sharpens her ax and goes,


Katja Cleaver: Well, we're gonna be a minute. We'll see you in a little while.


Kalvaxus: Well, I don't understand that; oh dear.


Brennan: The door closes and you just hear a fucking ruckus, as the seven--


Kristen: Hell yeah.


Adaine: Us and them are the only good students. Everybody else fucking sucks.


Kristen: Yeah.


Gorgug: Yeah.

Fig: Except for that one guy who really stuck around.


Adaine: This guy really rules. This guy is so chill.


Brennan: Make another Insight check for me.


Zac: 20, nat 20!


Siobhan: Oh my God!


Brennan: Nat fucking 20. You look over at the orcish band loading up their band equipment.

Zac: Do you guys need help?


Brennan: You see one of them says, 


Orc: Oh, thanks, man, it got crazy in there. Are they still killing that guy in there?


Gorgug: Again.


Orc: Oh, wow. Hey, yeah, if you wanna give us a hand, sure, thank you.


Brennan: You see he looks and says,


Orc: Oh, by the way, I don't know if you know any half-orcs around here that were adopted or anything like that. About 14, 15 years ago, I had a human girlfriend here in town; we got pregnant and we were just young, about 14 years old.


Gorgug: You were fou— Wow.


Orc: We were young. We fucked up.


Brennan: You see he says,


Orc: That'll happen.


Gorgug: That's me, I'm a half-orc. I don't know, I'm adopted.


Gorgug: Are you my dad?


Brennan: He pulls a little thing and he shows a little picture of Digby and Wilma at the Thistlespring tree, and him and a very young girlfriend, teenagers. He says,


Orc: We moved out to the Dune Fort, and, both almost 30, and we thought we'd try to come back and find you.


Gorgug: Well, uh… I'm here.


Brennan: So, he looks to you and says,


Orc: These are your folks, Digby and Wilma?


Gorgug: Yeah.


Brennan: He goes—


Gorgug: Those are my other mom and dad.


Brennan: You see he clasps you in a giant hug, and he goes,


Orc: Was that you shredding on those drums like a maniac?


Gorgug: Yeah, that was me.


Brennan: You see he goes,


Gorbag: Well, holy shit. My name's Gorbag.


Gorgug: No way.


Gorbag: Yeah, Gorbag.


Gorgug: I’m Gorgug! I mean, you know that, right?


Gorbag: Yeah, yeah, yeah!


Gorgug: My name's Gorgug, I coulda led with that.


Brennan: He gives you a big hug, he's like… He gets a little FaceTime on his phone, and you see a woman in her late 20s there, looks over and says,


Roz: Gorbag, what's up?


Brennan: He says,


Gorbag: Roz, look at this, look! This is Gorgug!


Brennan: You look at each other and you see he says,


Gorbag: Well, hell, uh, holy shit, I thought maybe you'd know somebody, but it's you!


Gorgug: I don't even know what to say, I've been looking for you forever.


Brennan: He says,


Gorbag: I almost didn't ask. Honestly, I--


Gorgug: You gotta ask. I ask everyone if they're my dad.


Brennan: He's like,


Gorbag: People make fun of me because I've asked probably five or six people today if they were my son.


Gorgug: You just gotta keep asking.


Gorbag: Yeah, you just cast a wide net! I went up, there's one kid, there was a kid--"


Gorgug: Are you my dad? Sorry, you're right.


Gorbag: No, it's okay. There was a kid in the mall I asked, there was a vulture that was sitting on a post. Couldn't hurt to ask.


Gorgug: I saw a vulture and I almost, it flew away, but...

Brennan: He looks at you and says,


Gorbag: Well, I'd love to meet your folks again, it's been a long time.


Gorgug: Let's do it.


Gorbag: Let's do it.


Brennan: You see he puts his arm around you, you guys walk away.


Gorgug: My girlfriend's killing him inside.


Brennan: Oh yeah, Zelda rushes out, she gives you a kiss on the cheek, and says,


Zelda: This is, um, so stupid but did you get my playlist?


Gorgug: I did.


Brennan: You see she smiles and says,


Zelda: Alright. I'm about to freak out, so I have to go. 

Brennan: And she fucking just becomes this dervish of blades, and goes in and just is slaughtering Kalvaxus back in the gym. You see Gorthalax steps out…


Brennan: Do you guys remember which one of you killed Dayne?


Zac: It was all three—


Lou: Yeah, we killed him in a reaction.


Emily: It was a reaction.


Brennan: Yeah, and just a giant bloodbath. You see, Gorthalax... Long after the night's going on, your parents are there, there's cop cars everywhere, Arthur Aguefort walks up, you see that the federal agent shows up. She's like,


Agent Worrel: These kids have got to go.


Brennan: Arthur Aguefort looks at all the federal agents--


Emily: I disguise myself as her.

Brennan: Arthur Aguefort says,


Aguefort: Well, I'm confused, because you're saying one thing, but you over here are saying another. Agent Worrel, should I arrest the children or no?


Fig: I think you should arrest Angela.


Brennan: He freezes her in a block of ice.

Aguefort: Huh, wild. Do any other federal agents wanna step to Arthur Aguefort on the grounds of his school? That would be my question. Seems like no.


Fig: Okay, unfreeze her, that was me. I'm sorry.


Brennan: He stops it and you see he goes,


Aguefort: We'll handle this the correct way.


Brennan: All the federal agents go blank and go,


Agents: Everything's good, nothing here's against the law,


Brennan: And they walk away, and he goes,


Aguefort: Ah, adventurers. Do whatever we want with no consequence. The Aguefort way!


Brennan: He smiles. You see that there's a big party, ice cream keeps raining from the sky, and you see that the girls come out after they've just gone to town, Kalvaxus is a bloody fucking mess. You see that Antiope Jones is there, and Sam Nightingale, Katja Cleaver, Danielle Barkstock, Ostentatia Wallace, Zelda, Penny, they're all back.


Zac: What happened with Zayn?


Brennan: You guys never figured that out.


Emily: I think he's undead somewhere.


Brennan: You guys see that Gorthalax walks up and you see that Aguefort says,


Aguefort: Would you like to just make sure?


Brennan: Gorthalax says,


Gorthalax: Well, better to make sure.


Brennan: A little window on the ground wreathed in flame shows Hell. You see it's a fiery waste there. Gorthalax and Aguefort step through. Gorthalax looks at you and says,


Gorthalax: You wanna come in for a sec, kid?


Fabian: To Hell?


Gorthalax: To Hell, yeah.


Fabian: Why not.


Brennan: You step through, you see Kalvaxus in Hell. He gets up.


Kalvaxus: Oh, oh no. Things really didn't go my way.


Brennan: Gorthalax looks and says,


Gorthalax: Hey, you belong here, and you belonged here a long time ago.


Brennan: He produces a scroll, he looks over at a forest on the horizon, and says,


Gorthalax: Oh, shit. You weren’t supposed to be here, this is wrong.


Brennan: And he scrubs Gorgug's name out of a roster.


Fabian: Ooh.


Gorthalax: That'll happen sometimes. It's a bureaucracy, we make mistakes. Sorry, kiddo!


Brennan: He yells at you.


Gorgug: Oh, good.


Brennan: You see that Kalvaxus stands up and says,


Kalvaxus: Right, alright, I'm here now. I'm in Hell. I can make choices.


Brennan: You hear a voice from the shadows. Bill Seacaster leaps through the air, lands on Kalvaxus's back, puts a sword into his spine, and splits him like a fish down his spine.


Fabian: Oh, Papa!


Brennan: Bill Seacaster says,


Bill: I watched the whole thing, lad, the legend lives on!


Lou: Big hug.


Brennan: He clasps you. You see he goes,


Bill: Alright, lads, get to work.


Brennan: Zombified flaming pirates, all of Bill's crew that have died, comes rushing out of the fire, and pries Kalvaxus apart from his back. He goes,


Kalvaxus: No, no, no, I'm still alive somehow, please don't do this!


Brennan: You see he says,


Bill: Alright, lads, get it started! Main mast in the middle, deck on top; you know how to do it.


Fabian: Papa, are you turning this man into a ship?


Bill: He dared to hurt my darling boy.


Fabian: Papa!


Bill: And besides, I do need a vessel to scour the Nine Hells, to pillage and raid, from the realms of these devil princes and to finally take the throne of the Ninth Pit for meself.


Fabian: Oh, Papa! Well, you let me know when you've done that, I have to come visit.


Bill: Oh, we'll put out a spread for ya, it will be delightful.


Fabian: Oh, I can't wait.


Bill: I doubt Cathilda will end up here, but if she does, I will make sure she gets the kippers.


Fabian: Kippers, yeah, okay, perfect.


Brennan: You see he says,


Bill: My boy, I love ya more than the sun and the moon.


Brennan: He goes,


Bill: And you're in good hands now. It looks like, y’know. I taught ya everything I can. It's about time you started learning from your mother, anyway.


Fabian: What?


Bill: Well, your mother is the greatest fencer that's ever lived.


Fabian: Papa, you kid.


Bill: Why the hell you think I married her? You think I would just marry someone for their looks? You can bed someone for their looks. Your mother cut my eye out of my head and I dropped to one knee on the spot.


Fabian: Well, Papa, then, this has been fun, but I must go.


Bill: My boy, you have a whole life to lead and a legend to write. I love ya.


Fabian: Yeah, I love you.


Bill: Spread that dragon's wings wide!

Brennan: You see they've just built a fucking ship. Kalvaxus is like,


Kalvaxus: This seems highly irregular.


Brennan: And they bind his mouth, stretch it open. He's like,


Bill: Pull on that tendon.


Brennan: Fire shoots out of the mouth. He says,


Bill: Set sail for the Nine Hells, to kill the Devil! Bye, Fabian!


Fabian: Bye, Papa.


Brennan: The ship takes off into the skies of Hell, flapping its wings, and this hellish crew of pirates flies away.


Fabian: That's my father.


Gorthalax: That's a lot to live up to, but. 

Fabian: I'll do it, easily. Very easily.


Bill: That's my boy!


Brennan: You guys walk back through the burning portal, and we're gonna run a little epilogue now.


Emily: Wait, I need to ask Aguefort something.


Brennan: Yeah, go up.


Fig: Aguefort, everyone's gone through huge transformations and had these wonderful things. Riz avenged his dad, Kristen Applebees created her own god, Fabian made peace with his dad, all these wonderful things. I have the climax of my story that I need.


Aguefort: Young girl, absolutely.


Fig: Will you make Gilear the vice principal?

Aguefort: Young lady, I have no idea who that is, and I'm telling you right now, yes. I will make whoever that person is the vice principal.


Fig: He's currently the Lunch Lad, you'll meet him soon enough.


Aguefort: The Lunch Lad? How festive! He shall be my vice principal, until the ending of the world.


Fig: Thank you so much.


Siobhan: Can I cast Locate Person on Zayn Darkshadow? I feel really bad that we never found him.


Brennan: Yeah! You guys head over to Cravencroft Cemetery after the celebration, your parents are all there. You see the little gray thing, Edgar, pops out of your thing, rushes over to a grave. You see on a hilltop, in the night, suddenly a flash, and you see a velocipede, a penny-farthing bicycle, huge bicycle.


Zac: Oh, exhausting.


Brennan: You suddenly hear and it crashes, and you hear,


Sylvester: Oh no. Ah, not again. My anus this time.


Brennan: You see Sylvester the undertaker has crashed on his bike.


Fabian: Why have we come here?


Brennan: You see Edgar runs off to the grave, you see the little gray pearl in your hand, and you hear sobbing, and you see a ghostly Zayn Darkshadow at his grave, translucent, weeping.


Adaine: Zayn.


Riz: Hey, Zayn.


Zayn: I'm so happy.


Riz: Oh, that makes sense.


Kristen: No, wait, why, how are you happy?


Riz: You're a ghost, man, you're the ultimate god.


Brennan: Zayn stands up, you see that he takes his ghostly little patch off and he takes his little fishnets off, 'cause he doesn't need them anymore, he's a fucking ghost, and you see there's actually a quite beautiful, reedy, elven wizard here. You see he wipes his eyes and he goes,


Zayn: I'm so sorry about the book. Coach was paying for my apartment and my parents suck, I didn't have any family.


Kristen: I get that, yeah.


Adaine: Mine too, my parents really suck.


Zayn: They do?


Adaine: Mm-hmm. They just went back to Fallinel, I think, they didn't even tell me.


Zayn: My parents were elven assholes too.


Adaine: What is up with that?


Zayn: I don't know, it's a weird cultural thing I don't get.


Kristen: You guys have so much in common. I'm just gonna walk this way, actually.


Adaine: I don't need a ghost boyfriend.


Fabian: Are you sure?


Kristen: I mean, you were really pushing to come find him and now you did, and I just wanna give you your moment.


Adaine: I just wanted to— are you okay?


Zayn: Yeah, I'm okay. Coach is bad, he was a stooge. But you guys, it sounds like you guys solved everything.


Gorgug: Pretty much.


Brennan: You see he says,


Zayn: I don't mean this in a shitty way, but if you ever did wanna just come, I don't have my spell books here at the cemetery. If you ever wanted to just hang out and do magic together, that'd be awesome.


Adaine: Yeah. Cool, it would be cool to—


Fabian: It sounds like a date to me.


Kristen: I'm gonna go!


Siobhan: I cast Ray of Sickness on Kristen.

Brennan: You see Zayn goes like,


Zayn: Whatever, it's whatever, they're just busting your chops. That’s fine.


Kristen: I'm gonna go.


Brennan: He's like,


Zayn: Cool. I'll see you guys later.


Brennan: You guys leave from Cravencroft.


Murph: I wanna hang my dad's bandolier over his grave.


Brennan: You hang your bandolier over his grave.


Murph: And I tell him that I ate the dragon. Or I will. I have leftovers.


Brennan: You feel so happy in this moment. Couple things that I'm gonna go through in an epilogue real quick: Bill Seacaster's funeral, your mother is there. Peacoat, sweatpants, huge bags under her eyes, cup of coffee in her hand, shaking; she goes,


Hallariel: Tomorrow, we're going to start training you how to actually swordfight.


Fabian: Oh, I can't wait.


Hallariel: Thank you for saying what you said. God, I haven't been sober in 15 years.


Fabian: It looks good on you, Mama, truly.


Brennan: At Bill Seacaster's funeral, the roof of the church rips off, and you see a giant tornado full of gold coins.

Fabian: Oh, hello! Yes, I have. No, never. Yes!


Brennan: It tears off.


Adaine: I didn't know you spoke tornado.


Fabian: I do.


Brennan: Adaine, you get so many offers from Hudol, you get an offer from the Oracle Academy in Fallinel, and you decline them all.


Adaine: What if I just went? I don't need to go to the Oracle Academy, I am the Oracle.


Brennan: You're living with Jawbone and Tracker. Kristen, Tracker is helping you spread the gospel of Yes! to people.


Ally: She's helping me spread something.


Emily: Niceeeee. Haha, eyyy.


Brennan: Gorgug, you end your days sitting on the bleachers, sharing headphones with Zelda.


Ally: Cute.


Brennan: Everyone knows you at school and says,


Everyone: Hey, Gorgug, what's up, man?


Gorgug: Not much.


Brennan: Fabian, you are the absolute king of the school. After Dayne's death, you're the undisputed captain of the Owlbears.


Lou: Oh, it's about time.


Brennan: Fig, your band, which needs a name, is fucking shredding. There's a great dinner with the Thistlesprings meeting your biological mom and dad. Your mom and dad joined the band, and it's Gorthalax, you two, them; you guys fucking shred.


Emily: Hell yeah.


Brennan: Riz, your mom comes to you, throws you a stack of business cards in Fabian's calligraphy. She says,


Sklonda: They made an exception. Here's your license.


Brennan: Tosses the license to you.


Riz: Oh my God.


Brennan: Arthur Aguefort comes to you guys on the last day of school. Sklonda and Gorthalax end up together. Hallariel says, at the funeral,


Hallariel: I don't think I'll ever see another man like Bill again.


Brennan: She looks over and you see Gilear says,


Gilear: I've spilled some sauce.


Fabian: No, Mama, no. Mama.


Fig: Yes!


Fabian: Mama, no.


Fig: Yes!


Brennan: He looks over and says,


Gilear: I am Vice Principal of the Aguefort—


Hallariel: Vice Principal?


Fabian: Mama?


Lou: Can I pull my mother aside real quick?


Fabian: Mama, I will kill this man. I will happily kill this man before you—


Hallariel: I'll kill you first, it's not up to you.


Fabian: Oh, Mama.


Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn ends up with Jawbone.


Fig: She always did love a bad boy, I guess.


Brennan: And at the very last day of school, you see that Arthur Aguefort comes up and says,


Aguefort: I couldn't be more proud of you all. Did you remember to lock my office when you left?


Fabian: I kicked the door down.


Adaine: He did break the door.


Aguefort: Because the Nightmare King's crown is missing.

Gorgug: Oh, no.


Aguefort: Are you busy on your summer vacation?


Fabian: Yes.


Aguefort: With what?


Riz: I'm not busy at all.


Fabian: There's a girl who's currently held by the state in Fallinel, and I've business to take care of.


Brennan: And that is all for this final episode of Fantasy High. Thanks for tuning in.


Aguefort: Well, well, well, what an exciting year at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy! We defeated Kalvaxus, a new god was born, and I killed myself. All in a year's work. But, what of our intrepid heroes? What exciting new adventures lay on the horizon for them?


Adaine: After turning down truly so many offers from prestigious elven whatevers, I, Adaine, instead study divinatory practices from all of Spyre's many cultures, and gladly stay on at Aguefort, a proud, practical caster. I also live with Jawbone and Tracker.


Kristen: Oh, really, you live with Tracker? Huh, cool. Maybe I can come visit sometime.


Adaine: Until I can emancipate myself in junior year. Oh, and in my capacity as Elven Oracle, I help re-enroll Zayn Darkshadow at Aguefort as its first ghost student.


Fig: I bet he gets to eat ghost steak.


Adaine: Naturally. I also helped free Basrar from his ice-cream curse, and my senior thesis, a new spell entitled Basrar's Spontaneous Confection, is very well-received.


Riz: She also joins the AV club, along with me, and we totally fix it up.


Adaine: Yes, much more inclusive.


Riz: Plus, Shellford's getting help from Jawbone now, which is great.


Adaine: Oh, good for him. I wonder if he and Skrank would help me research my jacket. You know, there's an entire civilization of people in here that's—


Riz: As Elmville's youngest licensed investigator, I'm hot on the case of who took the Nightmare King's crown. Probably one of the faculty.


Fig: Porter. 

Riz: Probably not, but I also get to hang out with Penny again, which is rad. She and the other maidens formed their own adventuring party; they're total badasses.


Fabian: Come now, The Ball, they're our rivals.


Kristen: Into it.


Riz: Sure, but it's a very chill sitch, and, you know, people still call me The Ball, which I'm fine with. It's just, y’know, friends having fun with friends, it's not bullying.


Gorgug: I think having a nickname is nice. I wish I had one.


Fabian: Sorry, excuse me, excuse me, is The Ball not your real name?


Fig: I'll give you a real name: Fig and the Cig Figs! That's the name of our rockin' bass-led band! We've got shows at the Black Pit, the Dune Fort, and we're headlining the Blood War in Bastion City June 15th. We're really good, too. Gorgug's our drummer and he can shred, man!


Gorgug: I can? Aww, thanks! Wow, I'm a shredder.


Kristen: I spend a lot of time out on missions spreading the gospel of Yes!. I have some doubts about my god, but that's okay! Doubt can be good. And Tracker is helping me figure out this whole prophet-of-a-new-deity thing, and she's so great at… listening. Anyway, who says you have to fully believe in order to believe, you know?


Gorgug: As for me, I mostly just hang out. I've gotten all these friends now. I guess that tin flower worked, huh? Zelda is so great, and she and I practice barbarian stuff.


Fig: I do too!


Gorgug: Fig, go to bard class!


Fig: Eh, not interested.


Gorgug: Ragh actually practices with us too. We ended up becoming really good friends.


Kristen: He and Shellford are helping me start up the LGBT student union. We're having a singalong and a scrapbooking party, it's gonna be great.


Gorgug: That's awesome! I talk on the crystal with Roz and Gorbag all the time, which is great, but home is where the tree is, and at the end of the day, it doesn't take a nat 20 to tell you that Wilma's my mom and Digby's my dad.

Fabian: And I, Fabian Aramais Seacaster--


Fig: Here we go.


Fabian: I said, Fabian Aramais Seacaster, mount a daring rescue attempt to free my love, Aelwyn Abernant—


Adaine: My bitch sister? Don't you fucking dare!


Fabian: From captivity! I inherit my father's blood feuds, train with my mother, the greatest swordswoman who ever lived, and Hangman and I start assembling a crew for this expedition. The tornado's a good place to start. Maybe the Cubbies? Maybe the portal, yeah.


Gilear: Children, as your vice principal--


Fig: Gilear!


Gilear: Yes, daughter, it is I. I must once again inform you all that you are indeed late for class. I have neither the power nor the emotional fortitude to make you do as you should, so please, I beg of you, heed this extremely reasonable request.


Fig: You got it, Gilear.


Group: Bye, everybody!


Fabian: Fair winds, and safe travels.

[EPISODE18]

Brennan: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to Dimension 20-- The Unsleeping City. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. I'll be running this game for our wonderful cast of players. Say hi, intrepid heroes.


All: Hi, intrepid heroes.


Siobhan: Brennan loves this bit.


Brennan: I love this fucking bit. I can't lie. Reintroducing our old friends-- Mr. Zac Oyama.


Zac: Hello.


Brennan: Emily Axford.


Emily: Ya-Hi.


Brennan: Lou Wilson.


Lou: Uh, hey.


Brennan: Siobhan Thompson.


Siobhan: Bleh-- ?


Brennan: Brian Murphy.


Murph: Hey.


Brennan: And Ally Beardsley.


Ally: Hey.


Brennan: Wonderful. Well, I'm going to go ahead and start to bring us to this new land of myth and magic that might seem eerily familiar to some of our viewers at home. It is a snowy, blustery day. Cold, crisp, clear skies over the best fucking skyline of any city that has ever been or will ever be. It is New York City, baby. Snow flurries from the sky as the wind kicks up. We see gusts of freezing air blow past the Chrysler Building, down through streets of honking cabs--


Pedestrian: Hey, I'm walking here.


Brennan: And just looking miserable looking pedestrians, who crowd into the tunnels of the subways pack. All of a sudden, their winter coats trapping them in boxes of body odor and heat stuffed together on their morning commute. Down through the tunnels, a blast of laundry mixed with hot garbage and the sweet smell of the hot nuts stands.


We go through the hellish wasteland in Times Square, up, up following snow again, over the bridge-- Brooklyn Bridge-- right here, through neighborhoods where families tuck their little bundled infants through strollers and walk down little lanes of trees. Back through neighborhoods, where, again, little corner stores sell hot bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches to morning commuters. A bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich, the best thing you ever fucking ate. It cost what? $2.50? $2.25? That's a deal. We follow the wind and it's early to mid-December morning in New York City. A city where so many people dream of coming and making a life for themselves. And it's always felt a little bit like maybe, just around the corner, there's a little bit of magic. I'm going to go ahead and roll to see which of our PCs will go first. Hee hee! We follow a little whisk of snow all the way down, up through Williamsburg where the hipsters still dwell, but mostly the rich people that have now come and displaced those hipsters. And we arrive in a little neighborhood called Greenpoint, which is still an area of bars and partying. There's, like, rooftop places that have now been shuttered up for the winter, or those few tenacious places that have those insane heating lamps up so people can still be on a rooftop bar in fucking mid-December. And we go very close to the water. There is a dingy little doctor’s office. This doctor's office might not be super accredited, and it might not even be billed or listed as necessarily a doctor's office. It's kind of in a corner of a warehouse, way down by the water. And the snow settles on a windowsill. And in a dingy, little, medical office, we see our friend Pete the Plug. Ally, could you go ahead and describe your character for the group?


Ally: Yeah, I'm Pete. Just let me know what you're trying to track down because I'm sure I can get it. I sell everything and I personally take even more. There is not an errand I can't run after a fistful of mushrooms.


Brennan: What does Pete look like? What's Pete wearing?


Ally: Pete looks almost exactly like Hunter S. Thompson, only young. It's like, I'm wearing a cowboy hat. I got on shades, the yellow shades because they're helping me with seasonal affective disorder right now. I am not doing well on the inside. I did go through a breakup. I did lose the one and she's thriving. But I'm gonna be OK. And it's cool that I found a doctor that is so cheap, I'm hoping.


Brennan: Speaking of which, so Pete you are sitting on a little roll out paper on the thing. You've got the phone in your hand. This is your personal phone that actually has, like, smartphone apps. It's not your business phone.


Ally: Got it.


Brennan: And you're looking at your text history with Priya.


Ally: Of course I am.


Brennan: It's not looking great. It's a big wall of you--


Ally: Yeah.


Brennan:-- with time stamps going back for a couple weeks.


Ally: Yeah. I said "And one more thing…" a lot of times. I probably just should have started writing these things in a note and saving it to draft, but I didn't. And she just wrote back "OK."


Brennan: Speaking of the doctor's office, the door opens up and Dr. Lugash Primijitzki walks in. Dr. Lugash is a very kind but intimidating looking guy. He is great, broad shouldered with these huge hairy arms that kind of goes down a little bit longer. Can you imagine? He looks like-- he's got like strangling hands. He has a bunch of tattoos of weird dragons wrapped around his arms. He's got Cyrillic lettering in them. You see he's got a white shirt with a black tie. No doctor's coat. He's got a big square jaw with a nose that got busted up in a bunch of boxing matches or something, salt and pepper hair kind of in a flop, but these extremely thick rimmed black glasses. So he looks, his eyes kind of are magnified a little bit in his head, which looks a little bit goofy. Dr. Lugash walks in. You've worked with Dr. Lugash for a while. Your supplier, Seven, recommended him to you. Dr. Lugash works with people who need medical help for cash and not on the books. You see that Dr. Lugash walks in with a little chart and goes:


Lugash: OK, Peter, how's it going?


Pete: Oh, it's good, man.


Lugash: Yeah? You feeling all right? Your test results do not indicate that this is true.


Pete: What do you mean?


Lugash: Well, I'm looking here. I guess we'll start with the small stuff. Your vitamin levels are not great. What have you been eating recently?


Pete: I found out, if you microwave cheese on a plate you can peel it off and then it's like a crispy-- like a crispy cracker.


Lugash: Oh, boy. OK. You know you should not be eating just cheese, especially microwave. You thought-- you can't get-- you could go down to the corner store and get the microwave toaster. At least the cheese will be more crisp.


Pete: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you're right. Yeah, I could probably eat a salad or something.


Lugash: So, good news as well. It look like you're totally healed up from the top surgery, which is great. Congratulations.


Pete: Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm ready to fuck.

Lugash: Oh, boy. OK, Pete. OK, Pete.


Brennan: Yeah, you see that Lugash comes over and gingerly wraps his giant arms around you and pats you on the back of the head.


Lugash: Peter--


Ally: Peter is inconsolable. He's just weeping in his arms right now.


Lugash: Hey, buddy. It's OK. Hey, it's hard. Tell Dr. Lugash what happened.


Pete: Yeah, I know. It's fine. It's fine.


Lugash: It's clearly not fine.


Pete: Yeah. I'm just happy to be alive.


Lugash: He pulls up a chair and sort of nods, knowingly and says--


Ally: I'm reaching into my bag for a mushroom cap.


Lugash: Enemy gang find out where you live, now you have to move? Is that what's going on?


Pete: Oh, no, actually, um--


Lugash: What you just eat? What did you just eat in your mouth?


Pete A vegetable.


Brennan: You see, he snags it, and then he says:


Lugash: This hallucinogenic. Peter, you are on antipsychotic medication.


Pete: Yeah, I know. That's why it's totally safe to do this.


Lugash: Peter, I don’t--


Pete: I can take as much psilocybin as I want. I've got the remedy.


Lugash: Peter, when is the last time you slept?


Pete: I haven't really been sleeping. Yeah, I have-- right before I'm about to fall asleep, if I think of something scary or sad, I just stay up and then all of a sudden, it's 5:40 AM, and it's like I might as well microwave some cheese and start my morning.


Lugash: Peter, I'm going to just run through a checklist real quick here, if I can.


Pete: Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Doc.


Lugash: You have not slept in a couple days. It's affecting your health. Sleep is most necessary part of recuperation. Don't take another mushroom. One, honestly, even for a good time, one is fine.


Pete: Yeah.


Lugash: You are actively doing recreational drugs. You have not slept in days. You are on antipsychotic medication. You are also taking hormone treatment-- you're taking male hormones.


Pete: Yeah.


Lugash: So, this in the medical profession, we would say is a lot going on. Right?


Pete: Mm-hmmm.


Lugash: I don't think that is good for you. You need to-- I can't believe I'm going to say this. You need to find a way to get in touch with yourself because you are trying to medicate for a situation which medicine maybe cannot treat.


Pete: I kind of get what you're saying.


Lugash: Maybe a therapist-- that's a third one!


Brennan: You see Lugash slams a meaty hand into your back and one of them sort of pops out. He looks at you and goes:


Lugash: Look, I'm going to go and try to get a stomach pump because you're going to straight up go insane if you process those mushrooms. I'm going to be right back.


Pete: All right. Thank you.


Brennan: Lugash leaves the room. Make a perception check for me, if you'd be so kind.


Ally: Good. 17, plus, what else is perception? Oh, no, no addition. So 17.


Brennan: You look up and you're just being annoyed because there's a drip in here. I mean, it's like a dingy old building. You look over in the corner and you see it. There is a radiator, which is dripping a drop of water up and it's hitting the ceiling.


Pete: Righteous.

Brennan: You see that a puddle slowly starts to form on the ceiling of the water dripping out of the radiator. And in a reflection of that ceiling puddle. you see that there's a little New York Public Health poster on the wall. And the reflection of the healthy sporty guy in a park turns to look at you and says:


Man in reflection: Hey, Pete.


Brennan: The reflection in the ceiling goes,


Man in reflection: How's it going? I'm real.


Pete: It's going-- honestly, I feel like I can be really honest with you. I miss her, and I deleted her number out of my phone but then I found it in our early Instagram exchanges and I re-added it, and I've already texted her this morning.


Man in reflection: OK. Magic's real. Everything's about to change for you.


Pete: Do you think she read the text or do you think I should--


Brennan: The door opens and you see Lugash comes back in.


Pete: Hey, where'd you go?


Lugash: OK, this is not great. Right? Peter, listen. Mostly what I do here is I pull bullets out of gangsters that have been shot. That's like my number one thing.


Pete: In a way, I was kind of shot.


Lugash: Not really.


Pete: I shot my tits off.


Lugash: I will admit-- I will admit it was my first time doing top surgery.


Pete: You did a great job. I don't think you left that much stuff in there that you shouldn't have. It's a little bit bumpy on this side, but I think it's kind of cool.


Lugash: Well, I am very excited to do it. You might imagine, there's not a lot in my line of work. There is not a chance to prove I am LGBT ally, so it's nice to be able to do that.


Pete: Yeah.


Lugash: I am worried about you. You need to get rest.


Pete: OK, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Lugash: You need to heal. Be careful out there today. Oh, remember, by the way, I would say go get rest because also it's going to be a crazy day for you, right? Because SantaCon is happening today, right?


Pete: Aw, fuck. Yeah, you're right and they're going to want a lot of cocaine.


Lugash: Are people still doing a lot of cocai--


Pete: Just the Santas. They're stuck in the 90s.


Lugash: Oh, these are mostly people from Hoboken.


Pete: Exactly, exactly.


Lugash: It's like 10 years in the past over on that side of the river.


Pete: Yeah.


Lugash: What you going to do? All right. Well, listen. One of my clients has just gotten into a violent car accident, so I need to go make a house call. Be safe, Peter.


Pete: Yeah. Thank you so much, Doctor. I'll see you.


Brennan: He nods.


Siobhan: What a great doctor.


Brennan: Yes, you head out. As you can see, the yearly clusterfuck that is SantaCon, where a bunch of college kids dress up in Santa outfits and go on a crazy pub crawl and make New York virtually unlivable for a day has already begun. I imagine you just head back to your apartment at this point.


Ally: Definitely, yeah. Back to bed.


Brennan: Cool. You get back to your apartment. On the train-- what do you think Pete's doing on the train as he's going? It's an above ground train a little bit, getting away from there.


Ally: I'm just listening to music. Probably listening to an old Lil Wayne album.


Brennan: Little text pops up on your work phone from Seven saying "Price of the brick went up. LOL."


Pete: Fuck.


Ally: OK. Yeah. I say, "Yeah. We'll take care of it."


Brennan: You arrive back at your apartment, a little bit deeper into Greenpoint. Go and make another perception check for me.


Ally: 11.


Brennan: You walk up to the apartment. You live in a spare room that is functionally a converted walk-in closet. You walk into the apartment and see Marta, who is this very old 60s, 70s Polish woman-- she's got a little babushka around her head-- and her early 20s grandson Jagdash. He's got a chin strap beard, very thick eyebrows. He's got a windbreaker. He's a wannabe gangster guy. You walk into the apartment and you see that a bunch of your stuff is in boxes.


Pete: Shit.


Brennan: Marta turns around.


Marta: OK, so. I got-- I found proof.


Brennan: And you see she takes a weird little plastic bag that's empty.


Marta: I know what this is. You deal drugs out of apartment?


Pete: What? No. No. What are you talking about?


Marta: You are a bad boy, Chicka. You do this?


Pete: No. No. That is from a pen. That's dry ink from a pen. They do that now, here.


Marta: Dry ink from pen? You are drug dealer, all right? You scurry around--


Pete: I work at the school!


Marta: What you do? You wear a cowboy hat.


Pete: I work at the school.


Marta: No. I see you with drug from your coat right there.


Pete: That was a snack!


Marta: You are a bad influence on Jagdash!


Pete: What are you talking about? No. Jagdash? Jagdash, look, I work at the school, right, man?


Brennan: You see Jagdash looks at you and goes:


Jagdash: I thought you were drug dealer.


Pete: No. No. Remember the point is how much of not a drug dealer I am.


Jagdash: But I'm supposed to buy drugs from you later for a party!


Pete: No.


Jagdash: We're going to club.


Pete: I don't-- are you hearing him say all this? She's not mad at you.


Marta: My sweet grandson Jagdash would never! He would never do this.


Pete: Look. I don't sell drugs. I promise.


Marta: I find out you're-- I find out from this that you are bad-- I know you are up to no good because you come in, you have the crazy hair, and you have the cowboy hat--


Pete: This is just my hair.


Marta: You crazy, boy.


Pete: No.


Marta: So now you're going to be out on the street.


Pete: No. No. Come on.


Marta: Your father is here.


Pete: What?


Brennan: You haven't seen your father in six years or something like that, and you hear a set of footsteps walking off this-- walking up the stairs.


Pete: What?


Brennan: The door opens and you see your dad, Mitch, standing in the doorway.


Pete: What the fuck? Mitch, what are you doing here?


Mitch: You’re gonna call me Mitch? OK.


Pete: Yeah, I am.


Brennan: Your dad has not seen you in so long.


Pete: Fuck.


Mitch: I had a hard time finding you.


Brennan: He goes, picks up one of the boxes of your stuff, and starts to carry it down the stairs. And it has a special box of yours in it that you definitely need.


Pete: OK. Hey, put that down. Put it-- come on. What is going on?


Brennan: He just continues down.


Ally: I follow him.


Brennan: He goes down the steps and he’s like,


Mitch: Well, eventually, we had to pay a private eye to track you down.


Pete: How did they find me? I don't-- what? No way.


Mitch: What do you mean, no way?


Pete: I'm too good. No one can find me. What are you talking about?


Brennan: You see your dad turns around. He's not really making eye contact with you. It's super weird and fucked up. Turns around and says,


Mitch: We knew you had to be in New York. We knew you weren't-- you know, left upstate dropped out of school. We want you to come home. OK?


Pete: No.


Mitch: What's so great about this place? I saw a bunch of bums driving on the way in. It's dirty as hell.


Pete: Yeah. Exactly! I can't go and live on a farm where there's-- I'm the only trans person anyone's ever met in their lives.


Mitch: That's-- OK. I-- I don't want to talk about that, all right?


Pete: You're doing the weird chicken dance that you do whenever--


Brennan: You see he looks at you. You start to feel something weird as emotions kick up and-- that feeling of going over a bump in a road really fast where your stomach starts to rise and you feel a little bit weightless is starting to happen to you a little bit.


Ally: Cool.


Brennan: You see that he looks at you and goes:

 

Mitch: It's not a fucking conversation.


Brennan: He goes to say your deadname. And he goes-- and a bunch of bubbles come out of his mouth and he starts looking around. And just tons of bubbles are issuing out of him. And they go into his clothes and around him and start lifting him up into the air as he flails his arms. And your dad is surrounded by bubbles and sails off into the sky.


Ally: Fuck yeah. I grab my box, I go back inside and try to live there.


Murph: End of campaign.


Brennan: You take a step in. As you take a step i, you're feeling fucking-- you've never had a high like this before. You bump into someone and you hear them say,


Stranger: Hey, watch it, asshole.


Brennan: You turn around and a trash can with two little eyeballs on top flaps its lid and goes,


Trash can: What’s your fucking problem? I was standing right here by the doorway. What are you, some kind of piece of shit?


Pete: OK. I need to take an upper.


Brennan: You see two of the other trash cans turn around and say:


Second trash can: Oh, what, is this guy fucking bothering you, dude?


First trash can: I don't know. You trying to start some fucking trouble?


Pete: No.


Second trash can: If we weren't already outside, I'd ask you, you want to go outside?


Pete: No, man. You're just a trash can.


First trash can: Oh, I'm just a trash can.


Pete: You're just a trash can--


First trash can: And you're just a piece of shit. Kids like you move into the fucking neighborhood, you sell drugs, you make crime happen. You're a real piece of shit, buddy.


Ally: I run.


Brennan: You take off down the street. You've got your box in your hand. Go ahead and make a Dexterity check for me.


Ally: 8.


Brennan: You go and you're running. And as you look down, you're running through a little melted area of snow. And you look down and see that everything else but you has a reflection in the puddle. And at that exact second, you fall into the puddle. All of a sudden, you are standing on the other side of the puddle in a snow-covered New York where snow is issuing out of the storm drains in the street and flying up into a sky full of endless stars. This sky is more stars than it is darkness. It is night-time here. You see that a full moon turns around to you. And you see that there is a beautiful woman in the moon. Incredible eye shadow, full lips, turns and says:

 

Moon: Holy shit! This is fucking crazy.


Pete: I'll say.


Moon: You want to take a look around?


Brennan: This enormous moonbeam collides with the ground at your feet, and you are raised up on it and see an endless dreamscape of New York City stretching around you. A unicorn rushes past you that is-- you see the unicorn is sparkling, but you can tell it has also put glitter on itself.


Emily: Ooh, hell yes.

Unicorn: Oh my god! What are you doing here? Sugar, are you new to this place? Something tells me you're real as hell.


Pete: Yeah.


Unicorn: Wow, that is something else. I am loving this.


Pete: OK. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.


Brennan: When you slap yourself, you fall through the moonbeam. And you see that as you're falling, this insane owl, pigeon, monkey, angel thing-- it looks like a huge eight foot tall monkey with a pair of wings on its back and an owl's face starts flying around you and says:


Angel: He's back! He's back! He's back!


Brennan: And grabs your face and gives you a weird beaky kiss and says:


Angel: I'm so happy you're here!


Pete: Ow, what?


Brennan: You land on the ground and it's very-- like a weird bouncy cloud. You see that there is a little rat with a slice of pizza strapped to its back like a hiker. And you see he goes:


Pizza rat: Holy shit. You're here! That's incredible!


Pete: Thank you.


Pizza rat: For sure.


Pete: Where am I?


Pizza rat: I don't know. Where do you want to be?


Pete: OK. OK, something else was in those shrooms, I think. I think--


Brennan: What is Peter feeling right now?


Ally: Insa-- this is crazy. I think I'm just like-- where'd my dad float off to?


Brennan: As soon as you think of your dad, you see a little thing of bubbles with him sailing off in this dream realm and suddenly, you drop through the cloud and are in inky blackness, and you hear whispers all around you.


Whispers: He's gone. We have him now. You'll never have to worry about him again. We can make things that are unreal real. And we can make things real unreal. Whatever you want. Do you want this power?


Brennan: Your med bracelet starts to glow on your hand. And a little happy face appears on it, throbbing like a button you could press.


Pete: Is this DMT?


Ally: I think about pressing it. Fuck it.


 Pete presses the button with a little “bloop”.


Brennan: You hear a colossal rending and the entire darkness splits above you and the silvery stars and white clouds pour through, and you can feel things screaming with joy as they escape from whatever realm this is. You suddenly feel yourself being drawn into deeper darkness. You hear a voice. A single point of golden light, bright gold burning with intensity. You start to feel your real body sweating and your heart rate picking up.


Voice: Start spreading the news. I'm leaving today. I want to—


Brennan: A rectangle of golden light in burning lines, superimposed against inky blackness forever beyond it, appears before you, and the burning singes your skin and your eyes.


Voice: I want to be a part of it.


Brennan: You suddenly feel yourself dropping again and a little gray child's face with inky black eyes appears in front of you as black tears go down its gray face.


Ally: What the fuck are you doing to me, man?


Brennan: And says— You wanted to be a wild magic sorcerer!


Ally: Yeah, yeah.


Brennan: And looks at you and goes,


Gray baby: It’s happening. I'm so sorry. Heed the words of Lazarus before it's too late.


Brennan: Disappears. You are in an alleyway surrounded by SantaCon people.


Pete: Fuck. I wish I had a girlfriend.


Brennan: You see that one of the SantaCon people turns over to you and half of his face melts. And he just goes,


SantaCon Attendee: Ho, ho, ho!


Brennan: And bites the side of your head.


Pete: No, no, no, no!


Brennan: Great! And we're gonna move on to our next PC! Wonderful.


Siobhan: Jesus Christ. What a way to start.


Ally: Wow!


Lou: Oh my god.


Emily: That was trippy!


Lou: There's a lot of tension being released right now.


Emily: I know.


Lou: My god.


Brennan: Hell yeah.


Ally: All right.


Emily: Should we take five? Jesus, I need to splash myself with cold water.


Ally: Fuck yeah.


Brennan: Hell yeah. We're going to roll another little dice here.


Lou: Gray-faced child?


Brennan: A little bit of snow kicks up and goes across the harbor, past the Statue of Liberty, swirling through the giant cables of the Verrazano Bridge, all the way to Staten Island where we see a nice little hair salon. First class luxury beauty salon. We see that there is a woman sitting in a chair. She's got a little smock over her. And there is a woman styling her hair right now. Emily, could you please describe your character to us?


Emily: OK. My name is Sofia Lee. I'm sorry. No. It is Sofia Bicicleta. I was Sofia Lee for five beautiful years, but then my husband Dale left me. So now I'm back to Sofia Bicicleta. Sofia Bikes, you might hear me be called. I suppose I can have a bit of a hot temper. Dale really balanced me out, but now that he's gone I'm on a little bit of a bender. But that's fine. I mean, I can keep up an active lifestyle. Similar to Pete, I haven't been sleeping because the bed I was sleeping in I once shared with my husband. So I just don't even really like being there right now. And basically, I'm in a tight leopard print skirt, a tight pink cami, and basically, I look like if Fran Drescher went on an Amy Winehouse bender. And I'm doing a pretty bad job because I'm pretty hungover.


Brennan: You see the woman in the chair is trying to make small talk with you. She says:


Woman: And honestly, I couldn't fucking believe it because the house is a disaster--


Sofia: Really?


Woman: Oh, it's awful. They painted it this shade of like, I don't know, lime green. It looks like it's fucking St. Patrick's Day.


Sofia: I tell you, everyone on this island has too much money they don't even know what to do with.


Woman: That's what I'm trying to say. It doesn't take a lot of money to be classy. I don't understand.


Sofia: I know, but everyone just gets bored. So they just-- they're like, "Well, I can't buy a bigger house because then it'll be obvious I'm in the mob, so I guess I'll just paint my house a new shade of lime green." I'm sorry.


Woman: Oh, god. Sofie, no!


Sofia: No, no, no. It's fine. I really want to keep doing your hair. I gotta get it teased.


Woman: I honestly-- I honestly-- Sof-- I've been coming to you for my hair for three years now--


Sofia: Yeah.


Woman: I'm not trying to-- you know, you've fully cut my bangs down to about a quarter of an inch. They're--


Sofia: Did you not want baby bangs?


Woman: Well, the thing is that they’re a bristle now. So it really looks like I'm some kind of-- I don't know.


Sofia: Yeah. I know. I know. And I'm gonna-- I'm gonna give you a discount. I am.


Woman: OK. Discount, OK.


Sofia: Tell you what, give me your little-- give me your little coupon and I'll--


Woman: Oh, my punch card?


Sofia: Yeah, give me your punch card and I'll punch out a couple extra.


Woman: Honestly, you're a doll. And honestly, it's so fucked up what happens. And god forbid anything would’ve happened to me and Bobby, but--


Sofia: OK. I don't think you need to bring in you and Bobby just because me and Dale fell apart. And we wouldn't have fallen apart if Isabella Infierno didn't come over the bridge or wherever she came from. God, a prick.


Woman: OK, look, I understand-- look-- everyone knows she's a whore. All right?


Sofia: OK. OK. I don't know that we should be putting down other women that much.


Woman: Oh--


Sofia: She's a succubus is what she is. Witchcraft is the only thing that could have taken Dale away from me. Yes, we've had our fights. Usually my fault because he was just so even-tempered.


Woman: Sofie--


Sofia: All he wanted to do was just watch the deer in the backyard.


Woman: He just watched deer in the backyard?

Sofia: He loved it when-- we had a couple of animals that would come in and out of the backyard, and he just liked watching them.


Woman: Sofie, look--


Sofia: He was a very calming presence.


Woman: I love you to death. Everybody in the neighborhood-- when you went and married Dale, he's not from around here.


Sofia: I know he's not.


Woman: People here marry people from here, all right?


Sofia: I know. And I don't want someone from here.


Woman: And nobody wants to say, I told you so. Nobody wants to say that. So, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna settle up with you for the day. We're gonna stop it here. I'm gonna go look at some hats.


Sofia: No, I can fix the bangs. I can. I just-- a couple more snips and I think they'll be fixed.


Woman: OK. I'm looking at it now and it looks like-- like those old medieval monks. It looks like one just shifted forward about five inches to cut off the front part.


Sofia: Right. OK, it's not my best work, but do you want a free mani?


Woman: God, and I understand what you're going through. If I let any more of this happen to myself, I'm accountable for it. Right? I've already spoken up and I need to interject.


Sofia: Do you want some premade Sangria? I've got some in the fridge.


Brennan: She looks over. You see that a bunch of Barbicide supplies that need to be kept cold have been removed from this fridge to have a giant pitcher of Sangria. You see, she says:


Woman: OK, it's 10:30 in the morning.


Sofia: I know. I exercise some restraint at 8:00 AM.


Woman: OK. Yeah. You know what? I'll have a little bit of Sangria.


Sofia: OK.


Brennan: The door jingles and your brother Mario walks in.


Sofia: What do you want?


Mario: How's it going, Sof? Jesus! What the fuck's wrong with this lady's hair? What's the fucking problem? It looks like shit—


Sofia: Oh, Mario, like you know anything about women's fashion.


Mario: I happen to know a lot! Just 'cause my fashion line went down in flames doesn't mean I don't know about fashion.


Sofia: No one wants alligator skin anymore!


Mario: When you say hurtful stuff like that, that's how I know you're in an emotional spot. Alligator skin has been-- is-- all right, fashion is cyclical, you fucking stugots! All right?


Sofia: OK. OK.


Mario: I'm gonna lose my temper.


Sofia: OK. OK. Everyone keep-- everyone keep it together.


Mario: Here's what I wanna say.


Sofia: Hm?


Mario: Mom would like you to come by for dinner at some point, alright? This is the fucking olive branch.


Sofia: I know, I know, I know. Yes, I will. I will come by at some point. I don't know what my night is like tonight.


Mario: How 'bout this-- how 'bout this Sunday?


Sofia: Sunday.


Mario: All right?


Sofia: Oh. If I show up, am I going to be guilted for not going to church because it's Sunday?


Mario: I mean, would it kill you to go to church? I don't understand, right? It's like you marry some guy who's not from the neighborhood, now you're not going to church, and you know.


Sofia: Don't bring him into this. You didn't know him.


Mario: Look, I don't know him, but I know Isabella Infierno, all right? And--


Sofia: Oh my god.


Mario: You know what?


Sofia: You want me to start running my mouth about alligator skin again? Because I will.


Mario: It is a USA Business. You can farm alligator leather in the states. It is ethical. And fuck, I don't have to fucking explain myself to you. We'll see you Sunday or not, all right! Jesus.


Brennan: You see he turns and leaves. You--


Sofia: Don't forget to pay the meter!


Brennan: You leave after your shift is done. You settle up. It's getting to be that time of year where Christmas music is starting to be played around.


Sofia: Oh my god. Dale.


Brennan: It's just that time of year again. You're feeling extremely hung over and sobriety is starting to wend its way back into the corners of your brain.


Sofia: OK, well, I have two options because if I don't get a drink right now, I'm probably going to go buy more Christmas presents for Dale like he's going to come back, so I guess I'm gonna go to a bar.


Brennan: You head up to a bar. Go ahead and roll a wisdom saving throw for me.


Emily: Saving? Oh. 21.


Brennan: 21, cool. So you get the fuck out of here. You don't go to any of the places on Staten Island that would remind you of Dale. You don't go to any places here. You hop on the ferry. You head into the city.


Emily: Wind in my hair.


Brennan: You maybe pre-game on the ferry a little bit.


Emily: Corona.


Ally: One of those Coronitas!


Brennan: You arrive-- you arrive in the city. What kind of bar are you looking for here?


Emily: Honestly, just like one with as many people as possible. Or one-- maybe one that a bunch of people are by themselves so I don't have to feel weird for being by myself.


Brennan: Cool. So you find some dingy Irish bar somewhere in the city. Old wood table, you sit at it. You start having your drinks. Go ahead and make a Constitution saving throw for me.


Emily: 16.


Brennan: Hell yeah. You're holding your own. You're able to-- you're going a nice couple rounds. This bartender, Sean, is looking at you. He's a scruffy bartender guy, late 30s.


Sean: Hey, how's it going, Miss? What can I get you?


Sofia: Can I get a Stoli Raz with seltzer and a twist?


Sean: Yeah, I can do that for you. No problem.


Brennan: He goes over--


Sofia: That's raspberry.


Sean: Yeah. Oh, I assumed. Yeah.


Sofia: OK.


Sean: I assumed. Yeah.


Brennan: You see he has-- this is-- this place is close enough to the ferry that it has every flavor of Stoli. You see there's the Stoli Raz, puts the twist in it, seltzer, puts it in front of you. He says:


Sean: Hey, I like that-- what is that? Angora? It's a nice little-- a nice little sweater you got there.


Sofia: Oh, thank you. Yeah, it is angora. It is authentic. You guys got a Kindle behind the bar or something that I could read?


Sean: You want to read an e-reader?


Sofia: I don't know. I just-- I just-- I just don't entirely know how to interact with people right now.


Brennan: You see he nods. You see that there's a couple of guys at the end of the bar. They've got like striped shirts, very spiky frost-- or not some but one of them is frosted but with spiky hair-- through chains. You see that one of them looks over to you and says:


Man: Oh, you want to read something?


Sofia: I'm trying to figure out how that could be a pickup line because it sounds like the beginning of one. Yes, maybe.


Man: Why don't you read my dick?


Sofia: Oh. OK. 'Cause I had considered maybe it was gonna go in that direction, then I thought, "No, he's better than that." No, I'm not gonna read your dick!


Brennan: You see the one who says--


Sofia: Because I don't read short stories! Thank you! Thank you!


The cast “ohhhs” in reaction to the burn.


Brennan: You see that everywhere in the bar--


Emily: I jump up on the bar.


Brennan: Everyone in the bar goes nuts for that. You jump on the bar. Cool. You are the hero of the bar at that point. You stay there for a while-- you're there, honestly-- you're there for hours.


Zac: Don't read short stories?


Brennan: I don't read short stories.


Zac: Not at all?


Brennan: After a while, it's like-- I would say, it's 10:30, 11 o’clock at night-- you've been here for a couple hours. And you're having a ball. That burn was so great. The bartender's been hooking you up with free drinks. Go ahead, you've been here-- I’ll say four hours. Go ahead and give me four Constitution saving throws.


Emily: OK. First two are 21 and a 12. The next two are 9 and a 12. I am getting drunker though.


Brennan: You are getting drunker. Yeah, it's getting to that point. You see you're having a ball and a huge bachelorette party comes into the bar. They're all going:


Woman: Whoo, Tina! Yeah, Tina!


Brennan: They go to the floor. You see one of them says:


Woman: The bride-to-be will have a slippery nipple shot!


Sofia: Oh my god. There's barely any alcohol in there!


Brennan: You see Sean walks over to you, the bartender, and says:


Sean: Hey, it's all right. This is a lot of business coming in.


Sofia: Yeah. No, you're totally right, Sean. I'm so sorry.


Sean: You OK?


Sofia: Yeah, you know, it's just, sometimes you lose the person that balances you out and you're a bit unhinged.


Sean: Let's get you some whiskey. You want a shot of whiskey?


Sofia: You got any of the stuff that tastes like Christmas, like cinnamon and fire?


Brennan: He does that. Go ahead and give me a Constitution saving throw with disadvantage.


Emily: I got-- fuck-- an 18 still, but I did get a nat 20.


Brennan: Cool. That Christmas shot goes down real smooth, real easy. You have this Christmasy shot—


Emily: It gives me a clear head.


Brennan: Yeah. And you see that the maid of honor clearly raises her glass and says:


Maid of honor: Tina, you are beautiful, you are wonderful, your life is all laid out ahead of you, and you're building it in this moment. And honestly, there is not a better guy than Richard for you. We're so happy you found the one. It is smooth sailing from here on out. But there's one last night of choppy water!


Sofia: I just want to say something!


Brennan: All the whole bachelorette party turns to look at you.


Sofia: Sorry. Can I borrow this old karaoke machine? Thanks.


Emily: I mic it up.


Sofia: I just want to tell you, Tina, that marriage was the best thing that ever happened to me, and you have a lot to look forward to. And, you know, I hope he makes you a slippery nipple every night before you go to bed. I do. I really do. Start spreading the news.


Brennan: You see that they stop you. The bachelorette-- all of the bachelorette party comes over and is like:


Bachelorette party: OK, thank you.


Sofia: You're welcome. You’re welcome.


Brennan: And you see-- your vision goes a little fuzzy for a second. Those three guys at the end of the bar you saw earlier-- you're getting a little punch drunk from the alcohol. I guess just drunk. And you look over and, you swear to God, these guys are like 10 feet tall. And their skin is this mottled green, almost weird vegetative or something. And they have these long noses covered in warts. And they're kind of all laughing and looking at each other. And you see that two of the bachelorette party are basically, are like:


Woman: You wanna go outside for a cigarette?


Second woman: Yeah, let's go outside.


Brennan: And you see they walk outside. You see the three hulking people that, again, your vision is fucking up, turn to follow these women outside after the bar.


Sofia: Oh, no, I don't think so. If these are choppy waters, consider me their lifesaver.


Emily: And I stomp out. And I'm going to follow them.


Brennan: You follow them. You see the two women hook around into a little alleyway, near this dumpster. They're just smoking real quick. They're doing that thing where they're dressed very cute, but it's fucking freezing outside. So they're just shivering and smoking. And you catch the first line of one of these, again, what is Sofia thinking as she sees these hulking monstrous-- ?


Emily: I think she's just going through the thing where she's like, "Oh my god. I have been drinking so much that sometimes I am just-- I feel like I'm seeing things. The other morning, I woke up in an alley, and I could swear that a giant rat man brought me an egg sandwich and a Gatorade to help me sober up. So, I'm definitely-- I'm definitely killing some brain cells. But you know what? You've got to kill some to kill the ones that have the memories of Dale on them. So, yeah. If this means that some men look like creepy 10 foot tall gray-skinned men from now on, that's fine with me as long as I can forget Dale's aftershave.”


Brennan: So you see that one of these hulking, weird wart-covered giants looks over at one of these young women and goes:


Giant: Hey, look. Can I bum a cigarette from you? It seems like you've got a real party going on in there.


Brennan: And you see he puts a giant clawed hand on the small of her back.


Sofia: OK. All right. That's not a part that we touch on women. Hi, it's me, Sofia Lee— Bicicleta. I was in there on the karaoke machine earlier. I'll also take a cigarette.


Emily: And I smush myself in between the guy.


Brennan: You see that, as you smush yourself in there, you see that — there is something around these giant troll people that's like these wisps of almost heat waves on a hot day, or some kind of wispy bit of their shadow peeling off them, little flickers. It almost is a very subtle fire or a smoke or something. And as you wedge in and touch one, you see that the haze around them actually disappears. And the three of them look and see that you're looking at their eyes, where their eyes actually are. And they all kind of look at each other and look back at you. And you see that the two women quickly stamp out their cigarettes and walk-- slide away from you-- and you see that the three tall-- for all intents and purposes-- trolls turn to you and say:


Troll: You got a fucking problem, lady?


Sofia: Yeah, I got a problem. What are you doing with those women?


Troll: Well—


Sofia: 'Cause I do not consider you the type to walk around without a cigarette.


Brennan: You see they look around at each other and they say:


Troll: Well, that's on us, I guess. That cigarette tax is no joke though.


Sofia: That's true.


Brennan: They look at you and say:


Troll: Well, maybe we can bum one off of you. What do you think?


Sofia: I actually don't smoke.


Brennan: You see that one of these guys rears back a clawed hand to take a swing at you.


Emily: All right. I trip him.


Brennan: Go ahead and—


Emily: Wait, really?


Brennan: Yeah, go ahead. Real quick. I'll make a-- just make a Dexterity check for me to see if you can beat them to the punch.


Emily: OK. I got a nat one.


Brennan: Nat one.


Siobhan: First real roll of the game.


Brennan: This guy fucking—


Lou: Jesus.


Brennan: This guy fucking clocks you in the head for-- I'm gonna use my little dice box.


Brennan holds a little box up to the camera. It has a subway map on it.


Brennan: Siobhan made dice boxes for everybody.


Emily holds hers up as well; it is leopard print. Zac’s is bright red, Murph’s is black, and Siobhan’s is pink and purple with fun designs.


Ally: Yes! I'll show mine later.


Brennan: This guy clocks you for 12 points of damage. And I need you to make another Constitution saving throw for me.


Emily: 14.


Brennan: Cool. Cool. Go ahead and make your attacks on him.


Emily: OK. First up, I'd like to tell him,


Sofia: That hurt, but probably not as much as my burn earlier.


Emily: And then, go attack him.


Brennan: Go for it.


Emily: Does a 15 hit?


Brennan: 15 does hit.


Emily: Ooh! All right. That's gonna be 10, and then I’m gonna take my stiletto off and thwack him for another 7.


Brennan: Ooh, shit. Awesome.


Emily: And then I'm gonna spend a ki point to—


Zac: Oh, shit.


Emily: —thwack him again.


Siobhan: Fuck him up.


Emily: Flurry of Blows for another 6.


Brennan: 6, 7, and what else? Sorry?


Lou: 10.


Brennan: 6, 7, and 10. 17— 23 points of damage. This guy, bam, knocks you in the head. You come out— your nice hairdo is a little bit messed up. Tell me exactly what happens to this fucking troll.


Emily: All right. I would like to take off both my stilettos and just put 'em through his eyes.


Brennan: You see you go, whap, into this guy's eyes. So he goes and just runs down the street, bumping into shit. And the two trolls run after him.


Other troll: Holy shit! Vin, are you OK?


Vin: Nah, I got fucking shoes in my eyes!


Sofia: Leave that bachelorette alone! She's got a really happy life ahead of her!


Brennan: Sofia, you are shoeless.


Emily: Again.


Brennan: You are definitely concussed. You feel yourself drop and fall against the wall outside the bar and sort of slump down into a very soft, warm trash bag.


Sofia: It's nice. Oh, it feels like someone threw out a pillow.


Brennan: And Sofia goes to sleep. On to our next PC.


Lou: Wow.


Ally: Wow.


Brennan: Let's see who goes next. A bit of snow whisks off of the trash as Sofia pulls that other garbage bag onto herself for warmth.


Sofia: This feels good.


Brennan: And we go all the way off across the East River into Cobble Hill, Brooklyn, where we come down and there's a little four-story stone building, railroad apartments, classic New York apartment building. And we hear-- as a raging inferno melts the snow overhead. The third and fourth story of this building are engulfed in flames. We see out the window, looking through a set of bars-- there are bars to keep the window safe for kids being in that space-- there is a little 8-year-old girl with a little bit of soot and smoke on her face. She's clutching a little teddy bear in her hand, looking at the bar and yelling down. You see that there's paramedics and firefighters and cops down. They’re saying:


Man: Don't worry, little girl! We're gonna get you out of there! Stay close to the window! Keep your head down out of the smoke!


Girl: I'm scared! I'm scared!


Brennan: With an eruption of force, the door of the room-- boom!-- explodes into cinders. Zac, could you describe your character for us?


Zac: I'm Ricky Matsui. I'm a firefighter in New York, specifically in Brooklyn. I believe in just doing the right thing, and I always wanted to be a firefighter. So, I accomplished that goal, so I'm feeling really good about myself. I'm pretty much set for life, I guess, and I'm just here to help.


Brennan: Ricky, you survey the area here. You see that there is a barred window. There's a little girl near these bars of the window. It's a nursery room in here. You see that two of your other firefighter pals have just busted down the door into a room where it looks like the girl's primary caretaker, who's her grandmother, she turns around to look at you and she goes:


Girl: Are you a firefighter?


Ricky: I am.


Brennan: What's Ricky do?


Zac: Ricky-- first, Ricky's like:


Ricky: That's a really cool bear. What's his name?


Girl: His name's Theo.


Ricky: All right. Hold on to Theo real tight. And then I'm gonna pick you up and we're all just going to have a fun time getting out of here.


Brennan: You see an emanating warmth of-- to say that it's holy often conjures connotations of like a religion-- but a holy light made out of just civic responsibility and a love of safety emanates from Ricky Matsui. And you see that the girl wipes the tears from her eyes and says:


Girl: OK. We're going to be all right, little guy.


Brennan: She says it to her teddy bear and runs up and leaps into your arms. What does Ricky Matsui look like, by the way?


Zac: Ricky Matsui is-- he is 5'8", but really strong. He just works out. He believes in, you know, you just keep your body right to keep your mind right. It's the cheapest therapy he can have, working out. He picks the girl up with just one arm and he's kind of like a Superman-ish, if he were Japanese. And he's just ready to get out of there.


Brennan: Fuck yeah. And roll.


Ally: Cheapest therapy. 


Brennan: You rush out. As you're running, something sort of tingles in your mind, in the corner of your consciousness. And you can feel moments before it happened. Go ahead and make a Dexterity saving throw for me.


Zac: 12 plus-- 13.


Brennan: 13. You see that a beam-- a burning beam falls down behind you. You feel it about the same time before it happens. You jump, tumble, somersault with the girl holding onto her in your arms. She's holding onto her bear. There is now a burning obstacle in the way between your friends, who are getting the grandmother, who will maybe not be able to make it out past this beam that is now obstructing the hallway.


Zac: I make sure no one's watching, and then I Create Water on the burning beam.


Brennan: There is a little girl in your arms.


Zac: Oh, yes. I say:


Ricky: Look out the window real fast.


Brennan: She looks out the window real fast. You channel the power within you. Your fireman's ax, the questing blade, at your side glows bright and a geyser blast of water erupts from your outstretched hand. Coats the beam, the water corrodes it, the fire beats into it, and it snaps in half and clears the hallway.


Ricky: Hey, something happened. What was the window like?


Girl: The window? It was normal. I think normal. Did you-- ?


Ricky: That's awesome.


Brennan: You make it out of here. You can hear your firefighter brothers behind you. You make it down to the sidewalk and you emerge from the smoke and you see that there is an eruption of cheers as the grandma and the girl comes out in your arms. You see that there's a New York One van there and a New York One reporter comes up, who's in the middle of the broadcast, and she says:


Reporter: Sir, sir, you've just amazingly saved a young girl's life in this burning building. On behalf of the city, thank you so much. Is this the last people in the building right now?


Brennan: And holds the--


Zac: The other people got out already?


Brennan: The other people got out already, yeah.


Ricky: Yeah. That's pretty much it. Everyone at home, if you're watching this, make sure that your sprinklers are up to date, that you have fire extinguishers, and you're always taking the precautions you need to keep your home safe. We got lucky this time. Make sure that you're just keeping up with that. Am I on TV right now?


Reporter: Oh, yeah. This is for New York One.


Ricky: Awesome. What's up, mom? What's up, dad? Emiko, hey, what's going on? I just want to say, you know, holidays are a tough time for Christmas trees. You know, you want to make sure you're safe with that. God, I'm just not used to being on TV right now.


Reporter: Oh, that's OK.


Ricky: Was that good?


Reporter: I think we got what we needed.


Ricky: Awesome.


Reporter: Absolutely. Sorry, was that-- ?


Ricky: Did you want me to keep talking?


Reporter: No. You're good. Thank you so much.


Ricky: I'm good? Awesome.


Reporter: You're fully good. Again, the heroic job of--


Zac: Just stand behind her.

Reporter: Heroic job from the-- you can--


Ricky: I can get out of here?


Reporter: From the New York Fire Department, FDNY. Yep. Heroic job. Obviously, the fire has been contained. So, I mean, we'll just move the shot over here. Move the shot over here.


Ricky: Follow you? Follow you?


Reporter: No, you're good. You're fully good, sir. Thank you so much.


Ricky: What kind of camera is this?


Brennan: You reunite with the little girl. The little girl looks up at you and you see she's holding her bear as you reunite her with her grandmother. The grandmother says,


Grandmother: Thank you so much. You saved our lives. You saved my little girl. You are a hero.


Ricky: I mean. You know, I'm just doing--


Grandmother: March! You're Mr. March from the fireman's calendar.


Ricky: Yes.


Grandmother: Wow!


Ricky: I posed for our calendar. It's me. Do you want me to-- I'll sign it if you want, I guess.


Brennan: You see that she pulls it out and says:


Grandmother: Yes, I made sure to grab it on the way out.


Brennan: You see there's a singed—


Ricky: You grabbed it?


Grandmother: I grabbed it. I made the firefighters go back into the kitchen.


Ricky: OK. Well, just make sure to keep safe. Wow, I'm not as tan as I used to be. I gotta work on that.


Brennan: You see she closes it and says:


Grandmother: You're a real hunky number in here. Ooh!


Ricky: Thank you, ma'am.


Grandmother: Five alarms. No kidding!


Zac: I just show her my abs.


Brennan: She cries a little bit.


Grandmother: You are really a hero.


Ricky: Thank you, ma'am. Appreciate that.

Brennan: The little girl looks a little bit confused. You feel a little ping in your phone, but the girl looks up at you with a little bit of confusion and she says,


Girl: I looked at the window, but Theo didn't. You made that big log stop burning, right?


Ricky: You know, sometimes, firefighters use all the tools on their belt and some of it is confusing to children.


Girl: You're a wizard.


Ricky: I'm not a wizard.


Girl: Oh, it's OK.


Ricky: Hey, can you keep a secret?


Girl: I'll keep a-- only me and Theo will know.


Ricky: OK. Yeah, I've kind of got some magic in me.


Girl: Aah!


Brennan: Screams and runs around in a little circle. Your phone pings again and you see that it's another-- you look at your phone. See that it's a couple of texts from Esther, who is the head of the Clinton Hill Chantry. And she is texting and says,


Esther: Need to meet up ASAP. SantaCon today. Couple of points to cover. Would love your help if available.


Zac: I send her a selfie of me with the fire and I'm like,


Ricky: Just finishing up here. On the way. How you doing? Never mind. I'll see you in a sec.


Brennan: You get a couple little ellipses and then just the word,


Esther: Good.


Brennan: Cool. How does Ricky get over to the chantry?


Zac: How far is that?


Brennan: From here, it's not too far. The train lines aren't great going from—


Zac: Just sprints.


Brennan: Yeah. So Ricky just gets up, sprints down the street, and you get up onto the rooftops, and are just bounding over the rooftops of New York, this ax glinting in the sun.


Ricky: Yeah!


Brennan: You arrive at the Clinton Hill Chantry, which is a lovely little brownstone and a very beautiful ivy-covered part of Brooklyn. And you see that the door has a gargoyle, one of those bronze knockers that has a gargoyle biting a little knocker ring on it. And you approach the door. What do you do when you get to the door?


Zac: I address the gargoyle. I say:


Ricky: How's it goin', Frank?


Frank: Ah, you know, it's been better. Say, I gotta tell you, man. It gets to this time of the year. The heat and the cold. The metal expands and contracts. I can feel myself busting my fat ass through the wood of the door. It's a fucking hassle, you know. How 'bout you, man? You lookin' good!


Ricky: I'm trying to get on that metal level.


Frank: Good luck. Yeah, that's great, man. How's your ma? She's good?


Ricky: She's good. My whole family's great, I mean, a lot of people got problems.


Frank: Oh, for sure. Hey, believe me, I know. For me-- hey, you got to count your blessings, right? You can move around. I'm stuck in a door, so--


Ricky: If you ever want me to bring you any kind of treats or any kind of sandwiches or anything--


Frank: Actually, yeah. If you're not busy right now, they're doing-- you know, there's this place down that way, Gianella’s that do like a chicken parm, if you wanted to grab one, I wouldn't mind that.


Ricky: I could bring it to you later. I kind of got to go in there, and I'm sorry about it.


Frank: Yeah, you're busy. 

Brennan: You knock. The door swings open. You walk in. This is one of those areas of New York where it's-- there's this sense of old distinguished parlors and rooms. It's very dusty, leather bound books everywhere-- little glass case with some strange swirled staff in it. And you see that there's still some painter's tape over the glass case that your questing blade shot out of when you rescued these wizards from a fire about eleven months ago.


You see Esther walks out. Esther is a very cool young wizard in her 20s. She's got like an undercut and a little bit of her hair coming over to one side. She's got a bunch of jewelry and very wizard chic, where it's like bangles and jewels and rings that do stuff. But then also just her wearing a pair of jeans and some high boots. You see Esther turns to you and says,


Esther: Oh, Ricky, good you made it here in record time.


Ricky: Well, you know if you go over the buildings, it's a lot quicker. I keep saying this, but awesome haircut. It's awesome.


Esther: Thank you.


Ricky: It's so cool.


Esther: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Just like to keep it new and exciting. So, I want to tell you a little bit about SantaCon and what's going to be happening today.


Ricky: Awesome.


Esther: Have I-- 'Cause you came in here about eleven months ago, so you missed the last SantaCon.


Ricky: This is my first SantaCon since I saw all the magic stuff.


Brennan: You see-- you see that she says,


Esther: All the magic stuff. Yeah, since you were inducted into the Unsleeping City by the questing blade and the magical world that exists behind the waking world, New York was revealed to you, this is your first SantaCon with us.


Ricky: Yeah.


Esther: So, what do you know about SantaCon already?


Ricky: I guess it's just a bunch of drunk people trying to have some fun in the streets. It's kind of hard to do other stuff while that's happening. For firefighters, a lot of us are working that. So, it's maybe not my favorite thing, but I get that people enjoy that.


Esther: For sure.


Ricky: As long as you're being safe, that's the way to go, I guess.


Esther: So what SantaCon actually is-- is a little bit more complex than that.


Ricky: Awesome.


Esther: People perceive SantaCon to be a large, obnoxious pub crawl. You ever wondered how Santa Claus is able to get to all those homes in one night?


Ricky: Well, I just assumed it's magic, but yeah.


Esther: Well, magic has to work in certain ways.


Ricky: Totally.


Esther: Magic can't just solve everything. That's how we have all these books. It's actually quite complex.


Ricky: Gotcha.


Esther: Magic is very hard to do.


Ricky: Interesting. I thought-- yeah. OK.


Esther: It just doesn't solve all your problems.


Ricky: OK.


Esther: So, first of all, Santa Claus is real.


Ricky: Awesome.


Esther: Yes. Second of all, in order to get to all those homes in one night, Santa can't be in all those places at once. That would take a level of magic that is honestly staggering to even consider. So, instead what happens is Santa Claus clones himself millions and millions of times, and each of those clones goes to the separate houses. Are you with me so far?


Ricky: Yeah. I think I get it. What? He clones himself a million times?


Esther: Millions of times. Clones himself millions of times. And those clones then go about and actually do that work for Santa Claus. However, the technology that Santa uses is extremely potent, but--


Ricky: Wait, is Santa a scientist?


Esther: Hm?


Ricky: He's a scientist?


Esther: Partially, yes.


Ricky: Wow.


Esther: But also an extremely powerful sorcerer.


Ricky: Oh, OK.


Esther: Effectively, if you clone yourself millions and millions of times, even with the best arcane equipment available and the best spellcasting, not every single clone is gonna turn out great.


Ricky: I grew up with twins and one of them was worse than the other, so that makes sense.


Esther: I hear that. I hear that. I believe--


Ricky: Just didn’t like sports, he seemed like a nice guy.


Esther: It's a little bit dissimilar from that, I won't lie.


Ricky: Oh, OK. Yeah.


Esther: But effectively what happens is that a week or two before Christmas every year, Santa Claus comes to New York, and because of the Umbral Arcana--


Ricky: Mm-hmmm.


Esther: Do you need a refresher on the Umbral Arcana?


Ricky: I do. Yeah.


Esther: OK.


Ricky: I'm sorry.


Esther: It's OK. No, it's all right. So, I run the Clinton Hill Chantry, which is a branch of the Gramercy Occult Society. You’re with me so far, right?


Ricky: Yeah.


Esther: The Gramercy Occult Society manages the Umbral Engine--


Ricky: Yeah.


Esther: Right? And that creates the Umbral Arcana, which is the spectral force that keeps New Yorkers from being aware that magical things are happening around them at all times.


Ricky: Keeps them safe from the idea of magical stuff.


Esther: Yes. Precisely. That's exactly right.


Ricky: I can figure it out that way. Yeah.


Esther: It keeps them safe. It's a safety thing.


Ricky: Yeah.


Esther: So, because of that, Santa deposits his defective clones here in the city once a year. That is SantaCon.


Ricky: And what happens to them after they get here?


Esther: They mostly wander around. They're pretty harmless. Most of them have a hard time moving or getting around because, again, they're defective clones. But basically, we just need to round them up and kind of either, depending on how some people feel, you can either hold on to them and they naturally die in a couple of weeks, or you can just incinerate them.


Ricky: Wow.


Esther: But-- basically, that's what happens.


Ricky: Is Santa good?


Esther: He cares deeply for the children of the world and voluntarily clones himself millions of times. The ethics of it are alarming, I won't lie.


Ricky: It's above my pay grade a little bit to think about that.


Esther: It's a little bit above your pay grade. So, if you just want to hit the bricks and keep a patrol this evening for any of that weird stuff happening. And just round up any clones that you find and deposit them to us. If they're causing danger, I would say maybe dispatch them right then and there.


Ricky: Wow. OK. Yeah. It's the right thing to do, I guess.


Esther: It's the right thing to do. Great. And that selfie was good. That was a nice little thing.


Ricky: Oh, cool. Thanks. I wasn't sure what you thought of it, but yeah, I can keep sending them to you, I guess.


Esther: It's not really an invitation, but do what you need to do.


Ricky: Awesome.


Brennan: Cool, what did Ricky do after that? 


Zac: Ricky takes off to SantaCon.


Brennan: Cool. You're wandering around. It's getting a little bit later in the day. You're rooftop to rooftop moving around. Go ahead and make a perception check for me and an investigate check.


Zac: Perception's only a 7. 10 for Investigate.

Brennan: Cool. So you're investigating around. You follow a weird, minty smell on the air, and you arrive at this alleyway. You smell the mint growing stronger. As you look over the edge, you see an unconscious Pete the Plug. And you see that there are three horrifying mutant Santa Clauses moving towards Pete's body on the ground.


Zac: From the—


Brennan: You're up above them. They're in the alleyway going,


Mutant Santa Claus: Ho, ho, ho.


Zac: I just— I just stop and jump.


Ricky: Hey! What are you guys doing?


Mutant Santa Clauses: Merry Christmas!


Ricky: OK, guys. Hold on.


Zac: Start climbing down.


Brennan: You safely descend. Pete, you come to. You got bitten on the head and you can only smell mint. And you can feel your bones becoming sweet in your body.


Pete: Fuck!


Brennan: Ricky, you fully descend into the alleyway. What do you say to these weird mutants looking, shambling around, surrounding you? What do you do? They look a little bit menacing to you.


Zac: I just— I step between them and Pete and say:


Ricky: You guys gotta go stand over there, right now.


Brennan: Cool.


Zac: Santas?


Brennan: Make an—


Zac: Stand over there.


Brennan: Make an Intimidate check for me real quick.


Zac: I got a 20.


Brennan: A 20? You see the one that you were speaking directly to explodes into peppermint and the other two go and just start running away.


Ricky: Oh, no.


Zac: Are they running into the street?


Brennan: It looks like they're running into the street.


Zac: I look at Pete and I feel like I have to check on him first.


Brennan: Cool. Go ahead and make, I guess, a Medicine check for me.


Zac: 22.


Brennan: 22? Rad. You-- there is a cult sickness spreading through Pete's body.


Zac: Do I know if it's a disease?


Brennan: You know that it's a magical disease, something that only a magical healer would be able to handle.


Zac: OK. I couldn't use Lay on Hands for five points?


Brennan: It's not hit point damage, which is something else.


Pete: Fuck, man. Help.


Ricky: Hey, sir? Listen to me. I'm a New York City firefighter, and I’m here to help.


Pete: I think that guy fucking bit me.


Ricky: Yeah, it looks like you got a pretty nasty bite.


Pete: I pull my gun, like I'm gonna go after the two Santas.


Ricky: OK, sir? Hey, hey, sir? Sir?


Pete: Fucker!


Lou: What the fuck?


Ricky: I'm gonna ask you to put that gun down.


Pete: Huh?


Ricky: Sir. I'm gonna need you to put the gun down.


Pete: I got all the licenses for it.


Ally: I put it back in my bag.


Ricky: That sounds great, but you're in sort of a state right now. I'm gonna get you some help.


Pete yells in pain.


Ricky: OK, sir, I know a guy who can help us. He works at the hospital.


Pete: How much is it? No, I can't go to the hospital, man.


Ricky: I'm sure-- you really need to go to the hospital.


Pete: No, no, no.


Ricky: I can smell how sweet your body's turning and it's time to take care of that.


Pete: Ow! And yum.


Brennan: A full peppermint tooth pops one of your original teeth out and a candy cane striped tooth is just in your mouth.


Pete: Oh, my tooth! I just lost a tooth.


Ricky: Honestly, that's awful. Let's go.


Brennan: Pete is having a hard time walking. And Ricky, you get an arm underneath Pete. You guys take off. As you kick up, a little bit of snow wisps up into the air, over the river to Manhattan, and uptown, up over the park, over the Upper West Side, past Columbia University, all the way to Harlem. A beautiful, beautiful morning. It's getting a little late in the morning now, and after having worked the graveyard shift the previous night, in a lovely apartment, the sounds of the neighborhood coming to life all around him, Kingston Brown wakes up for another shift. Lou, could you describe Kingston Brown for us?


Lou: Of course. Hello. My name is Kingston Brown. I work at St. Owen's. I'm about 6'2". I wear my grandfather's black trench coat, generally over either my nursing scrubs or a white t-shirt. I'm New York born and bred. I've been here since 1963, when I was born. I've almost never left. I love it here at the city. These are my people. This is my space. I take care of it. I am a steward of New York City. I will be here until I die.


Brennan: Kingston, you wake up in your apartment. This place is your sanctum. What kind of stuff is around you in your apartment right now?


Lou: I mean, we got framed jerseys, of course, from my favorite hockey team, the New York Islanders. Of course.


Ally: Naturally.


Lou: I got framed jerseys. I've got a very nice sound system, mostly vinyl, but not hipster vinyl. Actual vinyl. It's comfort over style. It's not-- there's a lot of trinkets and heirlooms and things that my grandfather or that my parents had that they've given to me, or things that I've collected from friends or people who I've worked with, that adorn the walls.


Brennan: Beautiful. You put on your coat, you look out and see a little bit of snow kick over the neighborhood, and you feel the rate of your heart begin to match the rhythm of the city around you. You head downstairs. You're up on the third floor. You go down to the second floor. Your mom in a little nightcap with a little nightgown, big thick spectacles-- clear frame spectacles-- pops out of the door with a plate of eggs and sausage.


Kingston: Mom, I can't. I gotta go to work. I can't eat right now.


Victoria: Why can't you have breakfast?


Kingston: Mom, I'm a 55-year-old man. I can feed myself.


Victoria: So you don't want my breakfast?


Kingston: I mean, of course I'm going to eat your breakfast. I'm just saying that you don't need to go through all the trouble to make it for me.


Victoria: It's not a trouble when you love somebody.


Kingston: All right.


Lou: I go inside. I take the plate inside.


Brennan: Take the plate inside. Your mom is glowing with just love and pride, having successfully trapped you on the staircase. There is so much more food waiting inside.


Kingston: OK, Ma! I thought it was just this plate.


Victoria: What? No!


Kingston: I thought it was just this plate.


Victoria: OK. Well, there's a little more. What do you want me to say?


Kingston: Well, I can't eat all of this. I'm gonna eat what's on this plate, and then, I'm gonna go.


Victoria: OK. You can take some with you.


Kingston: I can't take some with me.


Victoria: You can take some.


Kingston: I ain't gonna take some with me.


Brennan: You see that she kisses you on the cheek, and you can feel her old little hand with this little ring on it slip a little Tupperware into the pocket of your coat.


Kingston: Ma, what is this?


Victoria: I don't know!


Kingston: I'm not supporting this habit.


Victoria: What you do is your business. You have a Tupperware in your coat. That's free.


Kingston: OK, we're not going to fight. We're not gonna fight right now because I have to go to work. I'm gonna take this food with me, but we're gonna have words later.


Victoria: I hope we do.


Brennan: And kisses you on the cheek. And you head downstairs. You see that your niece and nephews come barreling out of the first floor apartment, all late for school. You see like putting shoes and stuff on.


Niece and nephews: Morning, Uncle Kingston!


Kingston: Good morning.


Niece and nephews: Oh, man. Late for school.


Kingston: Why y'all late for school?


Niece and nephews: Well, it was--


Brennan: Your cousin Claude leans his head out and says:


Claude: Late for school 'cause of video games. What are you gonna do? How you doing, Kingston?


Kingston: I'm doing well, Claude. How are you?


Claude: You know, another morning.


Brennan: You see he says:


Claude: Didn't you work graveyard last night?


Kingston: Of course.


Claude: You're gonna make yourself sick. Why are you doing that?


Kingston: I ain't gonna make myself sick. I'm 55 years old, all right? I can take care of my damn self, Claude. Why don't you work on getting your children to school on time?


Brennan: Claude is— you can feel the spiritual energy of your cousin being put in his place. And he's like—


Lou: Oh. And then I put a hand on his shoulder. I'm like,


Kingston: Being a father is tough, and I understand that.


Brennan: You see that little Cooper looks up at you, who's your 9-year-old nephew. You see, he goes:


Cooper: Uncle Kingston, why didn't you ever have kids?


Kingston: Mmm! I'll see y'all children later.


Brennan: You head out the door. You start walking down the street. You see that from all around the neighborhood, you hear,


Johnny: Hey, Kingston Brown! How's it goin', man?


Kingston: Hey, how you doin', Johnny?


Johnny: I'm doing all right. You know, keeping out of trouble. Hey, thanks for that thing with my sister, man. You're a real swell guy.


Kingston: Hey, man. We're family. We take care of each other, all right? You're on the block, you come ask Kingston. You need something, I give it to you.


Brennan: You see that he claps you on the shoulder. You go to the corner store. You see Cosmo's there at the register. You see he says:


Cosmo: Hey, there he is.


Kingston: Hey, what's goin' on, Cos?


Brennan: You see he puts the coffee in front of you.


Kingston: Oh. Is this the way I like it?


Cosmo: As always.


Kingston: Black as hell. Just like me.

Brennan: You see he smiles and says,


Cosmo: All right, man. You take it easy. Hey, thanks for that thing with my brother, by the way. That was a real—


Kingston: Hey, man. We're family, all right? On this block, if I can help you, you come find me. I will.


Brennan: You take off. You walk right out into traffic. At this point, the cars would never dream of hitting you here. Not in your neighborhood.


Lou: Never.


Brennan: See the cars -- yeah. It's perfectly-- you do not need to break your stride for the cars to effortlessly zoom past you in all directions. You get to the other side. You walk over to the bus stop. The bus pulls in. Suzette pulls up in the bus. You see she says:


Suzette: Good morning, Mr. Kingston.


Kingston: Good morning, Suzette.


Suzette: Oh, it's wonderful to see you.


Kingston: Wonderful to see you as well. It had been so long since I was on the bus ride home.


Suzette: I know! Well, I'm glad to see you're up and at them again.


Kingston: Of course.


Brennan: As you take your first step onto the bus, you see that, with no touch of anything, the little light flicks green. Your fare is taken care of by the city itself. You walk onto the bus and you start to head off towards St. Owen's. Arriving at St. Owen's, what is one of the first things that Kingston gets up to in his day?


Lou: Walk straight up to the receptionist, take out the Tupperware that my mother gave me. Give it to her.


Receptionist: Oh my god, I forgot to bring lunch!


Kingston: I thought so.


Receptionist: Oh my god. How do you know this stuff?


Kingston: Hey, what can I say? I know my people, I know my city.


Brennan: You see she says:


Receptionist: This smells delicious.


Kingston: Well, I can't say I made it, but I can promise it's good.


Brennan: You see she smiles and says:


Receptionist: I'll give your best to my mother.


Kingston: Of course.


Brennan: You begin your day. You say hi to Emiko Matsui. She looks over and says:


Emiko: Kingston, there's a busy day ahead of us here.


Kingston: OK.


Emiko: That guy, Lowell Masters, came in again. He's back with a similar problem from last time.


Kingston: OK, well, somebody needs to talk to him.


Brennan: She hands you a chart and brings you over to a room. You see that this guy is in here. You see he's kind of a older, balding guy. He sort of looks like one of these New York guys. Just a neighborhood guy. He's got a thick mustache. Looks up and you see he goes:


Lowell: OK. Look, I'll tell you exactly what happened.


Kingston: Mm-hmmm.


Lowell: So, it's pretty standard. So, I go around because in the subways and stuff, there's a lot of cool stuff down there. And I found this-- looked like some kind of bronze statue of a falcon or something like that. I thought I would pawn it for a little bit of money. But what I needed to do is I needed to varnish it, right? To get some of the rust off.


Kingston: Mm-hmmm.


Lowell: So I put some varnish on it. And then what happened was I was getting ready for a shower, so I was naked of course. You understand, right? And before I take a shower, I like to have a little bowl of cereal. Just something I like to do.


Kingston: Lowell? I'ma stop you right now.


Lowell: What happened is the cereal is up on a tall shelf--


Kingston: Lowell?


Lowell: So there's a stepladder to get up there--


Kingston: Lowell! You got to stop coming in here, Lowell. You got to fix your life, all right, Lowell? Because I know for a fact-- Lowell, cut to the end of the story.


Lowell: I fell off the ladder and the statue went up my butt.


Kingston: Yep. Lowell, have you ever tried a therapist instead of a medical doctor?


Lowell: No. What happened was it was an accident and it got up there.


Kingston: Oh? OK, Lowell-- Lowell, this is the fourth time you've come up here with something in your butt. Let's be real right now, Lowell. Let's be real right now. Lowell, how many times have you come up here with stuff in your butt?


Lowell: Four times.


Kingston: Four times. We're gonna take the thing out your butt, I'm not saying I'm gonna deny you medical services. I'm just saying that you need to ask yourself some questions because I tell you--


Lou: I get in real close.

Kingston: Ain't nothin' wrong with being kinky. I tell you that right now. I'm not kinky, but ain't nothin' wrong with bein' kinky. Alright? So, you want to be kinky, that's fine. Just be kinky safely, alright?


Lowell: Yeah, but you mean that? That really--


Kingston: 100%. Ain't nothing wrong with being a freak.


Lowell: You're a good man. You're a good man, nurse Brown. I appreciate that.


Kingston: Of course.


Lowell: You're a good man.


Kingston: Of course. You're a--


Lowell: I appreciate--


Kingston: No, no. What were you gonna say?


Lowell: I just-- no one's ever told me that before and I find a lot of this cool treasures and artifacts and stuff like that, and I put them up my butt, and it's never-- I just like the feeling of it going up there, knowing that someone put a lot of time and effort into this sort of thing, and--


Kingston: Hey. Hey, I get it. You got some-- you like fucking artifacts, or having artifacts fuck you, or something like that. I'm not trying to get into it. That's your business. But you just need to figure out how you can do it safely because I'll tell you, it's expensive to come to the hospital. It's expensive. Stop paying all this money.


Lowell: You know, money is no object for me because I do sell these artifacts afterwards.


Kingston: Oh, for good money. What? I'm sorry, what? You selling--


Lowell: No. No, no, no. I clean 'em, I clean 'em.


Kingston: OK. You know what, Mr. Masters?


Lowell: I better head out. I'm gonna--


Kingston: You better head out.


Lowell: I'm gonna get ready for the operation.


Kingston: Of course.


Brennan: It's great. It actually does look like a tremendous spiritual weight has been lifted from him. A weird, self-loathing is now gone. He seems sort of at peace.


It's a couple hours later. You're talking with a buddy of yours. This is actually one of the many trolls that populate the rivers around New York City. It's a bridge and tunnel troll, so he's a buddy of yours who works under the George Washington Bridge. You see he's going:


Troll: Thanks again, man. This is great. So, basically, I just-- I take this and the warts will start coming back?


Kingston: Exactly, and if you wanna spend some more time around water, that wouldn't be a bad idea.


Troll: OK. It's just hard. I haven't actually been in the river now 'cause the whole thing is it's all electronic these days.


Kingston: I mean, exactly.


Troll: Back in the old days, trolls would have to jump out and actually collect a toll--


Kingston: Mm-hmmm.


Troll: Or do a riddle or something.


Kingston: Mm-hmmm.


Troll: And now, you just solve the EZ Pass and whatever else.


Kingston: Exactly. So, hey, that just means we've got to put in that extra effort. But there's time in the day. There's always time in the day. You just gotta find it.


Troll: You're not wrong, man--

Brennan: Boom! Doors swing open and Ricky Matsui comes in with Pete the Plug under his arm.


Kingston: Ricky!


Pete: Put me down!


Ricky: You're gonna be OK, sir.


Kingston: Ricky, what's goin' on? Have y'all-- y'all two been jumpin' on buildings again?


Ricky: I have.


Kingston: Ricky, I told you to stop jumpin' on buildings.


Ricky: You're right. I should be-- I can do it very carefully and I don't suggest many other people-- I've got a very sweet smelling man here.


Pete: Excuse me?


Kingston: I'm sorry, sweet smellin'?


Pete: I don't know what you meant by that, but yeah, my tooth fell off and now it's a candy. Hey, how much is this gonna cost?


Kingston: All right.


Pete: Just walkin' through this door, I feel like I owe you 500 bucks.


Kingston: All right. Well, money is not a--


Lou: Can I pull them into a quiet room or a room that I know?


Brennan: Kingston, you walk over to a supply closet and through the supply closet, a door that opens only to you, and the subway token around your neck glows bright, opens a room that you use for when people from the Unsleeping City come here opens to you. Pete, you see this weird magic door open up into this side chamber. Ricky, you've been in here before. You see your sister looks over at you as you're walking into it and says:


Emiko: Ricky, what are you doing here?


Ricky: Oh, my friend is Kingston, and we're gonna talk about--


Kingston: Yeah, me and--


Ricky: -- cars.


Kingston: -- Ricky are friends. We like to… bowl.


Pete: How did that door open?


Kingston: Oh!


Brennan: You see that Emiko looks over and says:


Emiko: What door?


Brennan: And you look and see that the open door is covered in the same weird flickering shadow fire that I described from the guys before. And you see that Emiko cannot see the open door.


Pete: Hospitals have so much money now. It's crazy.


Ricky: You take--


Kingston: I take him and we take-- great. Fantastic.


Lou: I take Pete in the—


Brennan: The doors close. Pete, you're in there with Kingston.


Lou: Can I cast Detect Poison and Disease?


Brennan: Yes, you can. You hold out your hand. You know that today is SantaCon. Normally, it's a little bit of a hassle to clean up all those clones. This is something you haven't seen before. This is a very virulent, dangerous thing. There is some kind of arcane virus that is turning this kid's bones into peppermint.


Kingston: What happened to you?


Pete: How much can I tell you? Can you turn me into the cops?


Kingston: What? No. What are you talking about? We're in a magic room right now.


Pete: I don't know. Look, man. OK, fine. I took some mushrooms.


Kingston: You took some mushrooms?


Pete: I took more than normal and then my dad floated away on a bubble and a man hit my face.


Kingston: A man hit your face? Who hit your face?


Pete: He bit my face.


Kingston: A man bit your face. Who bit your face?


Pete: It was after I pushed a happy face button, and I let it all out.


Kingston: You let-- sorry. OK.


Pete: Darkness.


Kingston: Now, I need to understand. This disease looks like you were bitten by a Santa Claus?


Pete: Mm-hmmm.


Kingston: OK. Oh.


Lou: Is there something I can do-- what can I do with what I know?


Brennan: Give me a-- Because you had the spell up, so give me a Medicine check with advantage because you're actively looking at it right now.


Lou: Great. OK. So that's 22 and something that's not— way less than 22.


Brennan: Cool. You-- go ahead also and give me an Arcana check.


Lou: Great. 10.


Brennan: OK. You ascertain what's going on. This kid has a magical disease that you think you can treat here in the room with what you've got.


Lou: OK.


Brennan: There is something much deeper and more profound, magically happening, that you don't think is an external virus. You think that there's something medical or otherwise going on with this kid-- period.


Lou: Great. All right.


Kingston: What's your name, son?


Pete: Jeffrey.


Kingston: All right, Jeffrey. I'm going to work on what is the problem right now, the thing that's got your teeth popping out.


Pete: Yeah.


Kingston: But we should talk after that 'cause--


Pete: Yeah. Yeah.


Kingston: There's something going on.


Pete: OK. Yeah. I actually have a doctor. So if you could just tell me what you were gonna do.


Kingston: Oh, yeah? Who's your doctor? I could pull your records. What's your doctor's name?


Pete: He's a different kind of doctor-- you probably don't know him.


Kingston: A different-- what's a different kind of doctor?


Pete: He's just like-- he's probably not-- you don't know him. Different service.


Kingston: Give me-- give it a shot.


Pete: He doesn't work in a place like this, OK? He works--


Kingston: Give it a shot. What's his name?


Pete: Hm?


Kingston: What's his name?


Pete: Doctor-- Dr. Brinman.


Kingston: Brinman?

Pete: Doctor--


Ally: I look at my bracelet. What does it say?


Brennan: Dr. Lugash Primjitzki.


Pete: It's Dr. Primjitzki.


Kingston: Oh. Why didn't you say so?


Pete: Really?


Kingston: Of course!


Pete: Oh, OK, good.


Kingston: Works at the warehouse down in Brooklyn?


Pete: Yes, yes.


Kingston: Of course!


Pete: Exactly.


Kingston: Fantastic doctor.


Pete: Above the popcorn machine.


Kingston: Yes. Honestly, surprisingly good for working under the table like he does. That man could work in a hospital like this, walk away with hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. But he's a good man.


Pete: So much money, man.


Kingston: I mean, what can I say? I'm speaking in hyperbole, as they say. No, he could make a lot of money. He's a good doctor. Anyway--


Lou: Can I set to fixing the—


Brennan: You put a syringe together. There's a lot of stuff in this room that is traditional medicine, mixed with stuff that is just some arcane tinctures, different things. There's like fucking basilisk venom in here and unicorn blood and all that crazy shit. You put a syringe together, alcohol swab the area. You administer it and Pete— You feel the pain stop almost immediately. And not only that, but you feel a sense of Christmas cheer enter your body for a second and you still got that one peppermint tooth there. But other than that, it appears like you're healed or better.


Ally: Oh, OK.


Brennan: And you also feel a sense of-- there's a moment where, after you get the shot, you two feel something. Each of you guys roll a-- just a Wisdom check. Actually, you roll a Charisma check, you roll a Wisdom check.


Lou: Uh, 19.


Ally: Over 20.


Brennan: Ooh, awesome! As you are healed, you look up and you are looking at Pete and see this weird hallucinatory thing of bright lights, big city, marquee, and twirling gouts of colorful magic. You look at Kingston and see a golden light setting in between the rows of buildings, and this feeling of a golden light in the heart of a happy city full of people and neighbors all beating together in one heart. And your guys magic touches and steams, but then unites in some kind of helix and disappears.


Kingston: The hell—


Pete: Whoa!


Kingston: Are you— ?


Pete: Get away from me!


Kingston: What did you do to me?


Pete: I don't know.


Kingston: I've been doing this for 30 years, I've never seen nothing like that.


Pete: Fuck! What's happening?


Kingston: I don't know. Where did you come from?


Pete: I don't know. I'm on a lot of meds right now, so maybe that was a weird combination.


Kingston: OK.


Brennan: Go ahead, roll actually just a History check for me.


Lou: Oh, look at that. Over 20.


Brennan: You know who can help you figure out whatever the fuck this is.


Kingston: Oh, fantastic. You know, what are you doing today? You got some time?


Pete: I was gonna-- yeah. I probably got some--


Kingston: I've got a friend who could help us understand what's going on right now.


Pete: OK, is it that weird buff dude?


Kingston: No, it's not that weird buff dude, but he's probably gonna come along. He's-- I don't know. What do you think of him?


Pete: I feel like he would bully me.


Kingston: Nah, he's a nice dude. He's a nice dude. A little dumb. Very nice.


Pete: He's like a golden retriever.


Kingston: Mmm, I like that. I haven't heard that one before.


Brennan: You guys step outside. Ricky, your sister's going:


Emiko: --That NY One interview. Look, a lot of my friends are single. It would be easy.


Ricky: Yeah. I just-- you know-- I appreciate that. I'm just looking for someone that has a certain-- your friends are nice, but I'm just kind of focusing on my career right now.


Emiko: Fine, fine, fine.


Brennan: You guys walk out. You see Kingston and Pete. Pete looks healthy again. And you guys take off into the snow. Heh, heh. Bod a boom, bod a bam! The snow whirls out as Kingston, Ricky, and Pete all head out from there, up into the sky, settling down, Central Park, in the middle of one of the streets that crosses the park down through the manhole cover to water that melts into the dank, grimy, filthy, subway tunnels of New York City. A couple of MTA workers, with their lanterns up, pick away at the side of the wall, doing some repairs from water damage. And one of them says:


Wally: I'm telling you guys I seen it. It was this size-- it was this freaking big. It was the size of a freaking dog, I swear to God.


MTA worker: Shut the fuck up, Wally. You did not see a rat the size of a dog.


Wally: I swear to God I did. It was huge! The thing was fucking enormous! It was all-- I don't know. When it came out, I said, I see it going, "Ah!" and it looked-- and it looked right at me, and I swear to God, it smiled!


Brennan: He says,


MTA worker: You're fucking crazy. You're always talking about rats and fucking rat kings.


Wally: Rat kings are real! You guys-- you better wake up 'cause rat kings are real! They live in the sewers. They're all tied together by their tails. It's real.


Brennan: So, the guys walk away and say,


MTA worker: Wally, you're a fucking idiot.


Brennan: Walk away, Wally goes,


Wally: You know, you say that now, but—


Brennan: From the steel rafters overhead, hidden in darkness, is our friend Kugrash. Murph, could you please describe Kugrash for us?


Murph: Yes. I'm Kugrash. I look like a fucked-up Master Splinter. I've got a hooked humpback, I'm about two feet tall. I'm a rat man. I've got a rusty metal staff that looks like a pipe, and then I wear rags made out of discarded MTA employee clothes. And I live in the subway tunnels and I take care of the discarded people of New York, and the little beasts and the cockroaches. I am the shit that feeds the flies. A dumpster druid.


Brennan: Kugrash, you look down at Wally, who goes,


Wally: OK. You guys believe what you want, but I know what I saw.


Kugrash: Hey, Wally.


Wally: Aah! Who's there? Jesus? Jesus Christ?


Murph: I just make some chittering sound.


Wally: You turned into a rat. It's a miracle. Wherever you are, Rat Jesus, I love you.


Kugrash: Such a sweet man.


Brennan: Kugrash, it's the day of SantaCon. You're scampering around. What are you getting up to on a day like today?


Murph: I think,


Kugrash: We are absolutely fucked this year. We are fucked every year. We are not prepared.


Murph: I'm trying to find homeless people and get them indoors and things like that.


Brennan: You scurry around. You find a couple of guys. Some of the homeless who have been around long enough actually can see you now and know who you are. A couple of them-- you show up with food for them. They go,


Homeless person: Oh, Kugrash. Thanks, pal.


Kugrash: Yeah, a lot of this stuff people just-- a lot of this stuff is bread from restaurants. People take it in their takeout bags. They think they're going to eat it and they don't eat the bread, but it's still good bread. I eat the real shitty stuff. You can have the good stuff.


Homeless person: I appreciate it, man. It's real nice of you.


Brennan: Had some bread-- you're skipping around, go ahead, give me an Investigate check.


Murph: Sure. Not great. 11.


Brennan: You've been looking around. Normally, in this insane day where all these fucking mutant Santas fill the Unsleeping City and regular humans only see it as a pub crawl, but all the magical denizens of New York know that it's this weird thing where a bunch of gross mutants bumble around until they get cleaned up.


You normally find a bag of hot cocoa and treats and stuff from Santa Claus that he leaves for you to distribute to homeless people and things like that. It's getting later in the day and you haven't found it yet. And you haven't heard from him at all, which is weird.


Kugrash: Santa, you fucking bum. Where the hell are you, dude? Where the hell is this dude?


Brennan: As you're scurrying around though, you see an unconscious Sofia passed out in some garbage, a little bit covered in snow.


Kugrash: You gotta be kidding. People just-- we just walking past this. We just see somebody passed out. She's using a trash bag as a sleeping bag. We're just gonna-- ? All right. Everybody's walking-- all right. I'll do it.


Murph: I see that she's missing her shoes. And I guess I probably have a little pack of little plastic bags and things with me, so I make her some makeshift plastic bag shoes with rubber bands.


Brennan: Incredible. Sofia, you wake up with new plastic shoes—


Sofia: Oh my god.


Brennan: —and maybe a little bit of food next to you. And you see you're incredibly hungover. And you see for the first time, through sober eyes, Kugrash in front of you.


Kugrash: Oh, hey, it's you again.


Sofia: Oh my god. Are you real?


Kugrash: We hung— we talked about your ex-husband for like a while— Dale.


Sofia: I know.


Kugrash: For three hours, you and I hung out.


Sofia: I know. I have that memory. I just thought that maybe it was too many wine coolers.


Kugrash: You were insanely drunk. But you can hold it. You were having a conversation.


Sofia: I'm sorry. Are you a rat?


Kugrash: Sort of, I am a rat man.


Sofia: Is this a SantaCon outfit? Oh, you're in a SantaCon outfit. I don't understand it thematically.


Kugrash: Do not compare me to those fucks. All right?


Sofia: Oh, OK.


Kugrash: I gave you—


Sofia: Someone from outside of New York comes in and everyone hates them. Is that what it is because they're from New Jersey?


Kugrash: What happened to your face? You got punched?


Sofia: Yeah, but I mean, you should see the other guy-- is what Dale used to say.


Kugrash: Were they SantaCon-- ? Oh my, Dale again.


Sofia: Yeah.


Kugrash: Were they SantaCon guys?


Sofia: No. It was-- I mean, my memory's a little hazy, but it was these guys and they were messing with these girls. And then I got in the way, and I made sure the girls were taken care of.


Kugrash: That's good, you know, there's not enough people like that anymore.


Sofia: Yeah. And they were tall. They were really tall. I'll leave it at that.


Brennan: Kugrash, you see two little cockroaches out in this cold weather, which is crazy, skittering across a railing very, very fast. And you see that they have two little hobo sacks over their shoulder and are skittering along a railing.


Kugrash: Hey, Fred! Marty!


Cockroach: Hey, what's going on, buddy?


Kugrash: Where are you guys going?


Cockroach: We're getting the fuck out of here!


Kugrash: Oh, yeah. SantaCon? Did you see what happened to this lady?


Cockroach: No, not SantaCon. Some shit just went down at the park.


Kugrash: Some shit just went down at the park?


Cockroach: Yeah, it was crazy.


Kugrash: Well, fuck me. What happened at the park?


Cockroach: I don't know. There was like-- what do you call it? There was a horse carriage but with no wheels. It was just the carriage part, no wheels on it. And there was a bunch of horses that had these big fucking tumors coming out of their head.


Kugrash: Reindeer, yeah. They're-- Santa. You've certainly-- you've--


Cockroach: What?


Kugrash: Santa!


Cockroach: No. These horses had fucked-up tumors coming out of their fucking head!


Kugrash: It's called-- it's called a reindeer!


Cockroach: What?


Kugrash: Don't worry about it. I don't need to teach you about--


Cockroach: There were these fucked-up horses with big fuck--


Kugrash: So Santa is in the park?


Cockroach: Well, I don't know 'cause it was like a blast of green light and shit like that. And a fucking horse just took off. I hope to go see a doctor because he's fucking--


Kugrash: Is Santa dead? Did somebody shoot Santa?


Cockroach: I don't know, dude! I'm not-- I'm not religious.


Kugrash: All right. Thanks. Thanks, Fred. Thanks, Marty.


Cockroach: Take care, bud.


Brennan: And you see the two cockroaches--


Sofia: I'm sorry—


Kugrash: Santa Claus is real and he's dead.


Sofia: OK. I'm sorry. Rewind. You just made cockroach noises. You just hissed at some cockroaches who hissed back at you for what looked like a conversation. I mean, they gestured and everything.


Kugrash: Yeah, well, we just made cock—


Sofia: And then you said something to me about Santa?


Kugrash: We were just making bug noises for a full minute.


Sofia and Kugrash: Yeah.


Kugrash: Yeah. So I understand animals and they understand me. Some of it I picked up over the years.


Sofia: From being an animal.


Kugrash: I'm a rat man. We should go to the park. Santa might be dead.


Sofia: Why not? Let me get a walk-me-down and we can go.


Kugrash: You know what? Why not? I'll have some too. I can't go in there. I'm a rat.


Sofia: Right. Sean? Sean?


Brennan: You see that Sean literally picks the iron up.


Sean: Jesus Christ, you're wearing the same clothes as last night.


Sofia: Is it a different day?


Sean: It's a full different day, yeah.


Sofia: Give me a couple of Mike's Hard.

Kugrash: Don't!


Sean: You want that-- you want that in a coffee cup?


Sofia: Can I get one of those buckets that you put the Coronas in?


Sean: Full of Mike's Hards?


Sofia: Yeah. Like a painter's bucket.


Sean: I'll see if we got a box.


Brennan: He goes downstairs. Minutes later, you are walking down the street with a full bucket full of hard lemonade.


Murph: I crack one.


Emily: I'm swinging it.


Kugrash: I'm Kugrash, by the way. I don't know if you remember--


Sofia: Kugrash.


Kugrash: Sofia, right? Yeah.


Sofia: I'm Sofia Lee-- Bicicleta.


Kugrash: Lee. Yeah. We've met.


Sofia: Yeah. I am sorry that I don't remember you.


Kugrash: It's OK.


Sofia: But I will remember you now because I'm very sober right now. In fact, somewhat sick.


Kugrash: Yeah, let's get a little fucked up and go see if Santa's dead, huh?


Sofia: I think that sounds good.


Kugrash: Alright.


Brennan: You guys head over to the park. Each of you guys make an Investigate check for me. Feel free if you want to cast any magic as well to do that.


Murph: I got a 4.


Emily: 9.


Brennan: 4 and 9. You guys wander around in the park for a while.


Emily: But do we find a hot dog stand?


Brennan: You guys for sure find a hot dog stand. You see the guy says:


Hot dog vendor: Hey, boss. I get you a hot dog? Hot dog?


Kugrash: Yeah.


Sofia: Yeah.


Murph: I lower my face so no one sees I'm a rat.


Sofia: I got him, I got him. Two hot dogs, thank you.


Brennan: Puts two hot dogs there. See, he goes:


Hot dog vendor: It's crazy 'cause there was a-- I don't know if you guys heard, there was a fight out in the promenade past here a little while ago.


Sofia: Oh, yeah?


Hot dog vendor: Yeah.


Brennan: He points through some--


Sofia: Who was getting into it?


Brennan: He points through some hedges heading off towards Belvedere Castle, where the woods get a little thicker in the park.


Sofia: Mmm. Hey, you want to go hiking?


Kugrash: Yeah, let's go into the bushes.


Sofia: Yeah.


Kugrash: Yeah.


Brennan: You guys head into the bushes. Give me a nature check.


Murph: OK. I'm a little bit better at that. 22!


Brennan: You go through the skittering thing. You see some squirrels.


Squirrel: Oh, hey there, Kugrash!


Kugrash: Hey, what's up? What's up, Lenny?


Lenny: Oh, nothing much. Christmas time. You know, it's easy to go--


Kugrash: Yeah, yeah, Christmas.


Lenny: We love Christmas.


Kugrash: It's fucking wonderful, man.


Lenny: I stole someone's keys.


Kugrash: You stole-- ? Why the fuck? Lenny.


Lenny: Who knows?


Kugrash: You fucking sociopath, give me the keys.


Lenny: Fuck you, dude.


Kugrash: Dude, fuck you. No. Why?


Brennan: Takes off through the branches.


Kugrash: Lenny, you fucking cock. He's a dickhead. Fucking squirrel just steals shit and puts it in their trees.


Sofia: I'm sorry. Once again, rewind. There was a bunch of gesticulation.


Kugrash: Oh, he told me to-- he said fuck you. He ran off.


Sofia: Yeah, I saw he had a set of keys on him.


Kugrash: He just took 'em!


Brennan: You guys arrive in a clearing. You see that there is an enormous, polished red sleigh. The area where reindeer would be attached to the sleigh has been severed and there is a giant glove box torn out of the front of the sleigh. And there are things scattered throughout. It looks like people have been like rummaging through the sleigh here. You see that there is peppermint-smelling blood, white and red blood spattered everywhere around here. You see that there are also a number of small, little green ivy leaves. With that 22 nature check, these leaves are not from the Waking World. These are from Nod, the Sixth Borough. These are-- in fact, with a 22, you smell them. This is faerie magic that happened here. Maybe not the peppermint blood, but there's faerie magic happening here.


Kugrash: Oh, it is the goddamn pixies.


Sofia: What? I thought this is just a place kids take pictures with Santa.


Kugrash Do you see what-- ? They mugged Santa, they stole all of his shit.


Sofia: OK, again. Santa’s real and you're a rat.


Kugrash: Santa’s-- the pixies did this!


Sofia: OK.


Kugrash: Those sons of bitches. They're serious. This is bad. Santa's fucked.


Sofia: All right.


Kugrash: We are fucked.


Sofia: I'm just going with this ride. All right, yeah.


Brennan: You notice that there is a little glyph carved into the wood at the front of the sleigh that looks like it was broken somehow. It's some faerie shit that you don't know about, but you do know who does.


Kugrash: I think I know somebody who might be able to read this bullshit, whatever the fuck this is.


Sofia: Yeah, this is-- this isn't Greek or anything like that.


Kugrash: Oh, you speak Greek?


Sofia: No, but I mean, I'm Catholic so I've encountered Greek in a religious sense.


Kugrash: That's good.


Sofia: Yeah.


Brennan: Hell yeah. So you take off from there.


Murph: Yeah, I'll take off for—

 

Brennan: You guys both head out from there. No need to roll. The snow kicks off from the park and whisks all the way downtown, past Columbus Circle from all the way to Broadway!, where we see a line of fans clamoring and cheering, holding their Playbills from different shows because they're in line for a show that actually hasn't opened yet. They were lucky enough to see some previews for Midsummer Nights, a musical version of Shakespeare's classic, A Midsummer Night's Dream. Why not take the bard's original plays and make them a musical? The Times Square billboards show all of the signs for the show coming up. The fans are out in the cold in the snow, waiting. The stage door opens with a dramatic swing. And Siobhan, could you please describe your character for us?


Siobhan: Darlings, sweeties. I'm Misty Moore. I'm a Broadway diva, lover of music, lover of energy, lover of dance and light and stars and music and brilliance. I'm-- well, a lady would never say her age, so I won't. I'm four foot something, maybe 5'1" in a beautiful high heel. Always wear a tap shoe, even outside. And I'm just loving life, loving love.


Brennan: You step out. The crowd erupts into cheers. Your assistant Alissa and your pianist Benjamin are behind you. They walk out.


Fans: Aah! Misty, Misty, Misty!

Brennan: You see that there is a girl with pigtails and braces, clearly some 16-year-old, Midwestern girl. She goes:


Girl: Oh my god, Misty Moore! This is a poster of the original cast recording company.


Misty: Oh my goodness, I haven't seen one of these in years. I mean, obviously, I have the one in my apartment, which is signed by all of the cast. But this-- a blank one. Oh, I haven't seen one in years.


Girl: Oh, my God, it’s incredible. We just saw the show. We were lucky enough to go see it. You were amazing!


Misty: Oh, I'm so glad, I'm so glad, I'm so blessed and honored to do this work. You know, for people like you, I don't do it for me, I do it for people like you.


Brennan: As you say that, you see that her and the other young girls and boys around her all are just salivating. You see that they all say back there:


Fans: My favorite song of yours-- I actually did one of your songs and I did it in the way you did it-- when it was in-- the high school play that I did it.

Brennan: A burgeoning, sweet silvery, golden pink, and purple light begins to come off of them. And though they cannot see it, you certainly can. And up into your nostrils. And you feel like a million bucks.


Misty: You know, as actors, all of us. Us actors, we're just—


Fans: We’re-- You put us in the word "we" with yourself! Blah!


Brennan: They just go fucking nuts. You see Alissa bends over as you're signing stuff. And you see she says:


Alissa: Obviously, of course, take as much time as you need, Ms. Moore, but we do have an appointment. There's an interview happening back at your penthouse.


Misty: How do you spell Rebecca, darling? I don't want to spell it wrong.


Rebecca: Oh my god, you know, R-E-B-E-C-C-A. Some people call me Becca, some people call me Rebecca, I wish to do things better, I don't know for a stage name. I haven't signed up for that yet. I really wanna-- I really wanna move to New York. Do you think that's a bad idea?


Misty: Everybody should move to New York. But you know, some people should leave. But you don't know until you get here, darling.


Rebecca: I can't wait to come here!


Brennan: Again, you just see these little silvery sparks come off of them and you feel amazing. You leave from this place. You head back to your wonderful penthouse.


Siobhan: I pour myself a Vodka on the rocks.


Brennan: You see Benjamin looks over you and says:


Benjamin: Really, you asked how to spell Rebecca? How many times have you spelled Rebecca in your life?


Misty: I don't know. Some people are weird and there's an H in there. I don’t—


Benjamin: I guess you're right.


Brennan: You walk into your penthouse. Huge entire walls are just glass windows. Central Park South, looking out over the park. Alissa comes over and brings a reporter in from some entertainment magazine.


Reporter: Hi, Ms. Moore. I'll be doing the interview with you today. So, a pleasure to meet you. Talk to me about working with Perry LaFev again.


Misty: Perry, my darling Perry. It's such an honor. It's been such a time since we've worked together. Oh, he's such a beautiful director. You know, just a beautiful man. And we sit and we really dig into this work. We dig into it together. And we're really creating this character because obviously, we all know the Shakespeare, Midsummer Night's Dream. It's, for so many people, the first Shakespeare that anybody does. But we're really trying to take a new twist on it. A really new bent on this character of Titania.


Brennan: Writing all this down, he says:


Reporter: And you're gonna be playing Titania.


Misty: Yes, I am Titania, queen of the fairies, who, obviously in the original play, has a smaller role. But I really feel like we've beefed it up. And I'm not a young woman anymore, but I really feel like I can hold myself on that stage. And well, I don't want to spoil it too much for the fans, but I think they're in for a surprise.


Brennan: As you say that, you are no longer a young woman-- You look down at your hand and you do in fact see some liver spots, some light things here. And you can feel something twinge inside you. It's been maybe 40 or 50 years since the last time you did it, and you can feel this body starting to tell you that the time is fast approaching.


Misty: Yeah. But that's showbiz!


Brennan: You continue talking in this interview. You're having your lovely little vodka, it’s wonderful, and the preview went smashingly. You suddenly hear a noise coming from the boiler. You have one of those things where you have your own heating and own everything so you don't have to deal with anyone else. But a little hall closet door opens up and an air vent pops out. Kugrash and Sofia—


Sofia: Oh my god, you are a trip to hang out with, Kugrash.


Kugrash: This is the real New York. You know, you know.


Sofia: I'm loving it. This is where I belong.


Misty: So anyway, I am so terribly sorry, but I do have a show at 8:00. So Alissa?


Alissa: Oh, sorry. Coming right now, I'm so sorry. I will-- that will not happen again.


Misty: Yes. No, it won't.

Brennan: You see that she-- she comes over and says:


Alissa: That's all. Ms. Moore needs her vocal rest. Thank you so much. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.


Brennan: She ushers him out. You turn around. Your beautiful, cream white carpets are decked with filth as Kugrash walks in with Sofia.


Sofia: Oh, my god, Kug, is that Misty Moore?


Kugrash: Yeah. It's Misty. Hey, Misty, it's good to see you again.


Sofia: I saw you in Kinky Boots!


Misty: You did?


Sofia: Oh my god.


Misty: Oh, what a beautiful show.


Sofia: You radiated. You made that show.


Misty: Oh, thank you so much. It's such a beautiful story. You know, it's so important.


Sofia: The boots.


Misty: Oh, I love those boots. So kinky.


Kugrash: They're so kinky.


Sofia: They're so kinky.


Kugrash: Hey, Misty. We think Santa might be dead. Do you know what this weird pixie shit is?


Murph: And I guess— do— could I have taken— was it on the sleigh?


Brennan: It was, but you could have made— it was on the glove compartment door. You could have broken it off.


Murph: OK. OK. It has saliva all over it. I ripped it out with my mouth.


Misty: Oh.


Kugrash: Yeah. You wanna read that? Do you need to take a closer—? No?


Misty: Why don't you put it down on the coffee table right here? Yes, the pixies, the park pixies? Don Confetti and all of his people?


Kugrash: Yes. I think we found—


Misty: Ugh. I hate that little man.


Kugrash: Yeah.


Misty sets her shoulders and sighs.


Siobhan: Can I read it? What do I read?


Brennan: You can absolutely read it. Let me know if you're doing any magic or stuff to it. Or, you can go ahead and make either an Arcana check--


Siobhan: I mean, if it's seelie, I speak seelie.


Brennan: Yeah, it is seelie.


Siobhan: Great. Then I can just read it. I can also do an Arcana check, but my arcana level is— darling, I don't study magic. I just am magic.


Brennan: You look at it. You recognize one element of this, which is immediately troubling to you. This is a clear fae rune. All it is about, basically, is about breaking a ward on something, breaking magical wards, which would make sense 'cause Santa's sleigh would be warded beyond imagination. The thing that gave this the juice to work though, 'cause normally a faerie, especially some fucking pixies, would not be able to crack into Santa's sleigh. There's something being invoked here. And hidden within the rune, you recognize something. You don't know what it is or can't read it. It's an infernal rune. You—


Misty: Well, there's something pretty nasty. You know that religious-- it's one of those religious ones.


Kugrash: Sure.


Misty: You know what? It's written in seelie, but this is some dark, nasty stuff. Just--


Kugrash: Some devil shit.


Misty: Yeah, infernal, nasty hell plane.


Brennan: Misty, you look at the rune again. You don't read infernal, but you do know who does.


Misty: I think I know who could help us out with this nasty little situation. Maybe I'll put you in a blanket and carry you over the rest.


Kugrash: Sure. Yeah.


Misty: Is that OK with you?


Murph: I jump into her arms.


Misty: OK. This was OK. It's fine.


Kugrash: It's like a baby bjorn.


Misty: It's Miu Miu. It's not Prada.


Kugrash: Yeah. Heh.


Misty: It's Miu Miu. It's not Prada.


Emily: I'm just going through your drawers. I'm like,


Sofia: God, this place is so nice.


Brennan: Incredible. You guys take off. Snow kicks off from Central Park West. We follow the snow through the air as it wends its way, two gusts of snow as Ricky, Kingston, and Pete, and Sofia, Misty, and Kugrash converge on the steps of the public library by Bryant Park. You guys-- there's snow everywhere, taxis-- busy day. It's getting into the mid-afternoon. And you guys spot each other in these two groups of three.


Misty: Kingston! Darling!


Kugrash: Kingston, how's it going, man?


Kingston: Misty, Kugrash, what's going on, guys?


Sofia: I'm so sorry. Are you Mr. March?


Ricky: Oh, yes. That's me.


Sofia: Oh my god. The girls at the beauty salon are gonna flip. Can I take a selfie with you?


Ricky: Yeah, of course.


Sofia snaps a selfie with Ricky and promptly begins to text.


Kingston: Also, guys, this is Jeffrey. Jeffrey, this is--


Sofia: Oh my god.


Kugrash: Jeffrey.


Kugrash and Pete: Hey.


Pete: What's up?


Kugrash: Good to meet you. I'm Kugrash.


Sofia: Oh, my god.


Kugrash holds out his hand to Pete, who hesitantly takes and shakes it.


Pete: Are you a rat?


Kugrash: I'm a rat man, yeah.


Pete: I'm sorry if that was rude.

Brennan: Pete, the mushrooms are done. You're fully so— you know that you're sober. You know that you're sober. The degree to which this is all a fun little trip is fully leaving you, especially after whatever that shot Kingston gave you was. And suddenly, you hear a booming voice to your right go:


Booming voice: Well, well, well. Would you wish to enter?


Brennan: One of the huge stone lions turns and is speaking directly at you guys. You hear a voice to your left.


Stone lion: I think they do wish to enter. Hello! Good to see you again.


Kugrash: Hey.


Misty: If you're going to ask us which one of you lies and which one of you tells the truth, we can skip it. We know.


Stone lion: Both of us always lie.


Misty: Yes, we know! That's the trick!


Kingston: Exactly. We're not trying to play these games.


Stone lion: Oh, let's play some games! We guard the library. We are the guardians of the Gramercy Occult Society. Hello. Ooh, a new face. Hello, I am Orlando and this is my boyfriend, Rovias.


Pete: OK, look, you guys, this was really nice. But I don't really have time for a puzzle room kind of thing.


Sofia: I do! I love this!


Kingston: All right.


Ricky: I'm not very good at them, but I can definitely try my hardest, guys.


Orlando: Welcome, welcome, welcome.


Brennan: You guys see that the two stone lions laugh and are joking with you guys a bit. They go:


Orlando and Rovias: Well, what business brings you here to the Gramercy Occult Society?


Kingston: We need to talk to Alejandro.


Orlando and Rovias: Very well. Then talk to him you shall. Let none bar the entry of these companions!


Brennan: And you see that a secret stone door opens at diagonal in the steps of the library going down.


Misty: Can I just say? You've been working on your voices and you sound great.


Stone lion: You know, that vocal coach came by. We got-- Thank you.


Misty: Really good. Really love it. It's really impress-- just since the last time we spoke. It's great.


Stone lion: It's hard 'cause our diaphragms are made of stone.


Ricky: What did you use to sound like?


Stone lion: Hm?


Ricky: What did you use to sound like?


Stone lion: We used to sound like this.


Ricky: Awesome.


Kugrash: Santa Claus is dead, everyone.


Kingston: Let's go.


Pete: What?


Kugrash: Well, maybe.


Misty: Oh, well, OK, let's go!
Brennan: You guys walk down into the Gramercy Occult Society, the New York Public Library. You go down the steps and the steps immediately MC Escher-- so that you're sideways, upside down, going through their doors. And you arrive in an upside down library where the gravity has been reversed. So you know that your heads are pointed away from the sky, but it looks totally normal to you. Huge, tall libraries everywhere, covered in books. And you see that a very old, extremely rotund man walks out. He's got a big white mustache, a little flat cap, and comes out to talk to you guys. He has the warmest eyes. Just looks like a extremely gregarious guy, but he's definitely well into his 90's. You see that this is your friend, Alejandro.


Kingston: Alejandro, what's goin' on, man?


Alejandro: Oh, Kingston Brown. It is so good to see you again, my friend.


Kingston: Good to see you as well. Hey, well, we have a situation. My man over here, Jeffrey, got some kind of Santa disease. And I don't know-- what are y'all here for?


Misty: Oh, well, uh-- mmm.


Kugrash: Yes. We found Santa's sleigh abandoned.


Kingston: What?


Kugrash: Reindeers gone.


Kingston: What?


Kugrash: Some sort of attack from the pixies—


Ricky: No!


Kugrash: I've found some little pixie mixed in— Santa is real. You know that. Yeah. Yeah.


Misty: Oh, yes. Oh, Santa's real-- is he-- ? How many people here are new?


Kingston: Who's new?


Pete: What the fuck is going on?


Sofia: I don't know, but I love it.


Kingston: Jeffrey, I think is pretty—


Ricky: His name is Peter, I think.


Kingston: What?


Pete: What? What, did you check my bracelet when I was out, man?


Ricky: Yeah. It was dangling in my face while I was running.


Pete: You run so fast.


Brennan: You see—


Kugrash: It said something infernal on it.


Brennan: Alejandro looks at you and says:


Alejandro: Wait a minute. You are being serious? Santa Claus is missing right now?


Kugrash: Yeah, and somebody left behind some kind of infernal rune.


Misty: Yeah, I couldn't read it. It's all infernal to me right now.


Brennan: You see he says:


Alejandro: We've been getting some strange reports. Hold on.


Brennan: He touches a bookcase and a shimmering thing of light appears over it. And you see that there are two twin young women. They look about 17-years-old. They are clearly Alejandro's granddaughters. You might recognize them. But you see he says:


Alejandro: Ana, Amelia, what is wrong?


Brennan: Because they are clearly injured. You see that the two of them say:


Ana and Amelia: Grandpa, we're out here fighting. There's-- Something's wrong. These SantaCon clones, they're not like normal. They're really dangerous. A bunch of them are coming. We think they're coming from Times Square.


Sofia: OK. This is the first thing I think I can do to help. I know how to fight.


Kingston: All right.


Sofia: I don't know what the fuck else is going on, but I can fight.


Brennan: Alejandro looks and says:


Alejandro: Ana, Amelia, get to safety right now. Hold on.


Brennan: And you see that all of these little running trains and subway cars of light appear and draw this insane subway map rune in front of Alejandro, and he pushes it past you. And it scans you. And he grabs the light, condenses it in his hand, and says:


Alejandro: I'm going to see what is going on. If my granddaughters are in trouble, that means that things have gotten very bad indeed. They are very proficient wizards. All right?


Brief moment of silence. Pete makes incredulous eye contact.


Alejandro: Wizards.


Ally: I've been holding my gun this whole time, but in incognito.


Alejandro: What? You think I don't know that you're strapped?


Pete: Mmm?


Alejandro: Give it a shot. See what happen. Why don't you give it a shot?


Ricky: I'm going to ask that you don't do it—


Kugrash: Just fully don't. Fully don't do it.


Misty: Oh, please do it. I love it when people do this. Go ahead. Oh, I love it.


Ricky: Hey, Peter? Hey, Peter? Hey, Peter? Put the gun down. Hey, Peter? Put the gun down.


Pete: Is this a joke, though? Who are you guys working for?


Misty: No, no, he can do it.


Ally: Bam!


Brennan: You see a little shield appears in front of him and he says:


Misty: So cool.


Alejandro: You think I'm going to walk around-- I've been a wizard in New York City for what, 65 years? You think a bullet is going to do the trick?


Pete: I—

Alejandro: Listen to me. You have been awakened into the Unsleeping City. There is a world behind a world. New York is a place of magic. In this realm, the city that never sleeps, the dream world and the waking world commingle, intertwine, and in certain places, become one. I do not know why it has happened. We will find out in due time. But you are now here in the Unsleeping City with all of us. Magic is real, and you better get your fucking shit together or it's going to be a real bad look.


Pete: Oh. Epic.


Brennan: You see he says,


Alejandro: I will study this. Make your way to Times Square as soon as you can.


Brennan: And he turns around and disappears.


Zac: I just start running to—


Ricky: Let's go, guys!


Kugrash: I feel like there's a faster way for us to get there.


Kingston: We don't need to run.


Ricky: Right. Sorry. OK.


Sofia: I'll just chase Mr. March.


Brennan: You guys head off. You walk out. Kingston, you look out and you see your bus pulls up.


Lou: Fantastic.


Brennan: You see Suzette opens it and says:


Suzette: Kingston, you're downtown now.


Kingston: Yeah. We need to get to Times Square, pronto.


Brennan: You see, she looks and for a second, she looks like, "No way is that on my route." But she says,


Suzette: Oh, I got mixed up. I'm on the wrong route. That's right, Times Square, next stop, Times Square. Bing bing!


Brennan: And a trafficless street opens up as Kingston gets on the bus. You guys take off. As you pull into Times Square, you see that Times Square is empty.


Ally: Ooh.


Brennan: Covered in snow and ice.


Sofia: This is like The Walking Dead.


Brennan: In the center is an enormous, icy cocoon. A chrysalis of ice. And you look and see swarming SantaCon clones.


Mutant Santas: Ho, ho, ho.

Brennan: The bus pulls away, and I'm gonna need all of you to roll initiative. That's all for this episode of The Unsleeping City. Tune in next week, and we'll catch you guys then. Forget about it.

