[AUTUMN 00]

KEITH: I’m gonna do an example, okay, ready? We learn by doing. Three, two, one, clap, like that. That’s what we do.

AUSTIN: Okay. But that wasn’t the clap! That was not the clap.

KEITH: That wasn’t the clap! That was just – this is just teaching by example.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah. Alright, we’re – we’re cool?

JACK: Yep.

KEITH: Three, two, one.

JACK: Wait – wait wait wait wait. Just moving everything away. From. The world. Okay.

AUSTIN: You ready to clap?

KEITH: Yeah, alright.

AUSTIN: Cause we did such a good job.

KEITH: Yeah, do you – I want – do you guys remember how we do it?

AUSTIN: Three, two, one, clap?

KEITH: How we do this clap?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Let’s do it.

ALI: One two three.

KEITH: Alright. Three, two, one.

AUSTIN: Hey, Internet. This is Austin Walker, of the StreamFriends, twitch.tv.streamfriends, streamfriends.tv, and today we’re gonna do the first adventure of our Dungeon World campaign, we’ll see how this goes. Dungeon World is a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel. Uh, Sage Kobold Productions, and it is a hack of Vincent Baker’s, uh, Apocalypse World game. Joining me today, from West to East, Art Tebbel.

ART: Oh hi. I just posed cause I forgot the cameras aren’t gonna be part of the 
final thing.

AUSTIN: Where can people find you, Art?

ART: Uh, I’m on Twitter @atebbel and you can read stuff I write weekly on comicmix.com, about 
movies.

AUSTIN: Also joining us is Nick Sondgeroth. Wait… 

NICK: Hi, you can find me at Twitch, Twitter, and Youtube slash drevilbones.

AUSTIN: Ali Acampora is with us.

ALI: Um, yeah, I’m Alisha Acampora, you can find me @ali_west on Twitter.

AUSTIN: Uh, Keith Carberry.

KEITH: Uh, hi.

AUSTIN: Coming to us from south… west of Boston.

KEITH: Uh, my name’s Keith Carberry, you can find me on Twitter, @somethingdumb, you can find the LetsPlays that I do at runbutton.net or youtube.com/runbutton.

AUSTIN: And Jack de Quidt, whose computer hates him tonight.

JACK: Yeah, hi, I’m Jack, you can find me on, uh, Twitch and Twitter @notquitereal, or at my game studio’s website, thetalltreesgames.co.uk.

AUSTIN: Awesome. So, in Dungeon World, there’s a thing that you can do called Love Letters, 
um, which is normally a thing that you do either at a, uh, like a con game, where you kind of want to give people motivation really quick, because they just want to jump right into a single one off, one shot game, or in between big campaign sessions, um, where, like, oh there’s been some downtime, here’s a little bit of a letter about what’s happened in that time since. But I’ve written you guys up love letters for your characters, partially because I think that that’s like a really cool thing, just, like, in terms of systems stuff? But also because, in the time since we made the characters, we’ve kind of done some extra development, about the world and some of who these characters are, and I felt like this was a good way of conveying, um, some of that world information to the audience. Um, if you’re listening, audience, hi, we love you.

KEITH: Is this gonna get all James Joyce?

AUSTIN: So – no. This, these letters are, so one, there will be no, there’s nothing here you have to, like, turn down cause your boss is gonna walk in and you don’t want to hear about some gross James Joyce love stuff. James Joyce wrote some dirty letters, y’all.

KEITH: He was wicked dirty.

AUSTIN: I’m gonna – I’m gonna just – yeah he was wicked dirty. I’m gonna message you guys the stuff for you to read, out loud –

NICK: Yeah he wrote them to Frank Costanza, didn’t he? Oh wait.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: No, never mind.

AUSTIN: George Costanza -

JACK: James Joyce –

AUSTIN: George Costanza. He wrote them to George Costanza. Uh, I’m gonna send these one by one - one by one...

NICK: No, there was that one episode where – there was that one episode where his dad, Frank,

AUSTIN: Oh.

NICK: had a bunch of like, naughty letters written back and forth by some famous author.

ALI: Oh, yeah…

AUSTIN: Oh, that’s… I had forgotten that. So I’m gonna send these one by one, and I’d like you 
guys to read these, and then go ahead and do the roll, this is also gonna be good. Read these 
out loud, for everyone to hear. So Art is going to begin, as Hadrian.

ART: Oh, I’m going to begin? Uh, hold on, I have to like, look at what, I mean, I was gonna read it 
so I can, I can, do this better. Uh –

AUSTIN: You don’t have to do a voice cause this is a letter to you.

ART: What?

AUSTIN: This is a letter to you, so you don’t have to do it in Hadrian’s voice.

ART: Right, but like I, I still want to like, read it like a,

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: like a person?

KEITH: This is you – you’re admitting a weakness in cold reading. 

ALI: Are we doing voices? 

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Uh, yeah. I am admitting a weakness in cold reading.

AUSTIN: That would be fair. That’s fair. That’s fair.

ART: Brother Hadrian, days ago you spoke to the chief of the new halfling arrivals. You told her of the canon, that in the beginning there was the earth, the people, and our enemies: the dark and the danger. You told her that the King-God was mortal, but a mortal, like her, of craft and purpose. You taught her that the King-God built weapons and armor for his friends, and taught them how to build homes, and roads, and bridges. She now knows the story of the sun: that one night, in exchange for his freedom, an enemy 
of the King-God revealed the location of a distant source of power – a mountain of fire and 
metal, which the King-God used to build our sun, and his crown. She said she would deliver your message to her people, but only in exchange for… and now I have to roll dice.

AUSTIN: You do have to roll dice.

JACK: Oh, what?

AUSTIN: You want to roll plus Charisma, uh, and –

ART: That’s roll 2D6, and add my Charisma modifier, yes?

AUSTIN: Right. So in this, in this system, whenever it says roll, unless it says roll damage, you’re 
almost always gonna be rolling 2D6. Uh. So in the dice roller that we’re using, just plop in 2D6.

ART: Uh, 9. 9. I rolled 8 and I have a modifier of 1.

AUSTIN: What happens on a, on a 9?

ART: Uh, that’s a good question? Uh, a tem- choose two, uh, for a symbol of 
the King-God’s strength, to relocate more of her people, some incorporation of their 
harvest deity into your faith.

AUSTIN: So you have to give her two of those, to confirm her support, uh, of your religion.

ART: Like right now?

AUSTIN: Yeah, right now. What are you – what are you giving her or promising her?

ART: Uh, huh. The, the first and the third, a symbol of the King-God’s strength, and some 
incorporation of their harvest deity into your faith. Uh, I don’t know that I have the authority to 
make that promise, but I’ll talk to the people.

AUSTIN: That’s fun! Promises get made like that all the time.

ART: Yeah!

AUSTIN: Uh, so, so, think about that going forward.

ART: Absolutely.

AUSTIN: And, we’ll keep those in mind. Next up, let’s do, uh, there’s kind of a weird chronology to 
these, because that’s the sort of person I am. Let’s send one over to, over to Jack first. Or, next, 
rather. Also, for record, the God-King’s name is – what, again? Samothes?

ART: Uh…

AUSTIN: Art?

ART: Good question, good question.

KEITH: Yeah.

ART: Samothes is correct.

KEITH:  Mm-hm.

AUSTIN: Okay. I’m glad you know your god’s name. When I wrote that, we didn’t – I 
didn’t have Samothes. I didn’t have old Sammy’s name.

JACK: Oh, geez, okay, so. Uh, I just need to move the computer closer so I can actually read it.

AUSTIN: Also, we should note, Art, you’re playing Hadrian, the paladin, the human paladin of 
Samothes, right?

ART: That’s correct.

AUSTIN: Okay. Next up is—

JACK: Okay, so, uh…

AUSTIN: —Lem King, Jack de Quidt’s orcish bard.

JACK: Right. 

LEM: Lem, you felt a stinging of guilt in your tusks. You’d only stolen 
the violin just last night, and here you were, about to receive an extended loan from the New 
Archives in order to better outfit yourself for your coming journey to Burg. Fill out the 
paperwork properly, and roll +Intelligence. 

So, 2D6.

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

JACK: A 1 and a 6, so that’s, uh…  7.

AUSTIN: At not-quite-clock. Plus your Intelligence modifier. You’re almost always 
going to be adding Intelligence modifiers in this game.

JACK: Mm-hm.

AUSTIN: There’s one place where you won’t be doing that, I want to make sure you guys all did 
that, actually, before we get to this result, and that is, you should be adding your total Constitution 
to your current HP, or to your total HP. Make sure everyone did that.

JACK: Yep.

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: Does the – the bonus play into that?

AUSTIN: No, it’s just the number.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So if you have 17 CON - 

KEITH: Oh, it’s the whole number?

AUSTIN: The whole number, not the bonus.

KEITH: Oh, shit.

AUSTIN: That’s like the only place that happens.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: You have way more HP than you think you do. Jack, what was your result?

JACK: S…  so my Intelligence modifier is actually 0, so I’ve got 7 here.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Um.

AUSTIN: That’s a success.

JACK: Uh, so, on a 7-9, you receive one of, you receive one of these. Uh. Oh, hang on.

AUSTIN: Either- you read the options.

JACK: Oh, I receive one of these items, and a few days later, the, the Archivists notice 
that the violin is missing. Um.

AUSTIN: So — 

JACK: I —

AUSTIN: what — 

JACK: — receive – either, a shoulder sack

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

JACK: with hidden compartment zippers, fruits from the Archival Garden, or a map of the 
Northwest Quadrant. Uh, the shoulder sack gives me +2 load, the fruits give me +1 dungeon 
ration, and the map gives me +1 on perilous journey rolls in the quadrant.

AUSTIN: It’s kind of like the –

JACK: I think I’m gonna take the map.

AUSTIN: Okay. So like the northwest zone of,

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: this, this quadrant.

JACK: Um, are you gonna mark that down, Austin, or should I mark it down just as well?

AUSTIN: You should – you should mark it down. I will also mark it down here, but you should 
mark it down for sure.

JACK: Cool.

AUSTIN: Nick, you’re next. Once I find you on Skype, here you are. I love 
your name, Nick. Nick will be playing the Great Phantasmo, elfish wizard. Elven – elven? Elven 
or elfish, Nick?

NICK: Elven. Elven.

AUSTIN: Elven. Okay.

NICK: I like – I like elven. Elfish is for the one – the people in the forest.

AUSTIN: Ooh, okay. I’m actually writing that down. This is – this is how I 
do. Welcome to Dungeon World, Austin types some stuff, frantically. 

PHANTASMO: Hm. I appear to have a letter. What does this say?

Ah! My friend, the Great Phantasmo. When you heard that the Burg’s leaders needed a 
citizen with knowledge of occult mysteries, you recognized the sound of opportunity. And 
when they told you they needed you to investigate a mysterious tower, out on the Isle of 
Eventide, you knew you were just the man for the job. The only question is what role you’d 
play.

Roll +INT. My roll is a 3 and a 2.

ART: Oh that’s bad.

NICK: My INT is +2, so I roll a 7 total.

AUSTIN: Phew! Just made it.

NICK: Uh.

PHANTASMO: You have been given the unpaid role as chief consultant, and are expected to lead the group on the island. But Captain Calhoun serves as the expeli- expedition leader, that jerk. 

AUSTIN: Great.

JACK: Does it say that?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it does.

ART: Is that jerk in the letter?

AUSTIN: It is.

NICK: It’s in the letter.

JACK: Ah, Captain Calhoun.

AUSTIN: Ali – sorry, Hella.

ALI: Hella.

AUSTIN: Hella, human fighter.

ALI: Mm-hm.

ART: Hella the human fighter.

ALI: Oop.

AUSTIN: Right.

ALI: My cat’s outside.

AUSTIN: Ah, cats are the best, which cat was it?

ALI: Uh, Yuki. Anyway.

AUSTIN: It’s – it’s a good cat name. 

HELLA: Hella, when those politicians of Burg sought a representative from the island to join their little expedition, they thought they’d get a tour guide, not a warrior. In time, they learned different. A few nights before your group was set to leave for the mysterious tower, a group of criminals stole the ship you were to take. With your blade to guide them, you – your group brought it back, and you – and you brought back souvenirs.

Roll plus Strength. Let’s see, 2D6…

AUSTIN: So this was the, this was the first time your group had worked together, you went back 
to retrieve the stolen ship, so that you could use it to go to the island that Nick was just talking 
about.

ALI: So I have 7, plus 2, no, that’s not, that’s 9 plus 2?

KEITH: It’s 9 plus 2.

AUSTIN: It’s 9 plus 2, it’s really fucking good.

ALI: So… on a 10+ choose 2: the head of Brandish, the brigand king, uh, which you 
took… from him as single combat; uh, the stolen food and supplies, stockpiled by the pirates; a 
strange map, which points to a mysterious spot on your home island; a strange artifact from the 
old days, a tube made of glass and brass, which makes, objects sec- uh, appear closer than 
they are. Um. +1 on perilous journey rolls?

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Also, also on –

ALI: Um, a handful of gems, slipped into your bag when no one was looking. Um…

AUSTIN: So, you can choose two of those.

ALI: Okay. I guess… I’ll go for… the map?

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ALI: And… the, oh. Um… the strange artifact?

AUSTIN: Okay. Uh, it’s like a spyglass, or a telescope, right?

ALI: Okay. Yeah.

AUSTIN: For – for us. We know that. Hella’s like, what is this weird thing, it lets me 
see far. Uh, it also gives you a +1 on relevant Discerning Reality rolls, so that means like, if you’re trying to see a thing far away, and rolling Discerning Reality, you get a +1 on 
that. Whereas you don’t for, like, checking a room out. If you’re like, what was in this old room, 
like, you’re not gonna pull out your s- spyglass, to.

ALI: Right.

AUSTIN: So I don’t know.

ALI: Fair enough.

AUSTIN: Alright, uh…

NICK: I really love this system –

ART: Discerning Reality is such a weird…

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

NICK: I love it.

ART: name, for that roll.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

NICK: I don’t know. I think it’s great.

ART: I’m not saying it’s bad, I’m saying it’s super weird.

NICK: It is weird!

AUSTIN: Uh, and l-

NICK: I guess that’s probably why I love it.

AUSTIN: Last but not least, Fero, played by Keith. Fero F- Fero Feritas? Is that your last name? 
Or Veritas?

KEITH: Uh, yep that’s it, nailed it. Yep.

AUSTIN: Which one?

KEITH: Feritas, yep.

AUSTIN: Feritas, alright.

KEITH: F, yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah.

KEITH: Um…

AUSTIN: Uh, you in fact will not need to roll, right now.

KEITH: I will not need to roll? Aw, shit. Alright.

ALI: What kind of love letter is that?

KEITH: I don’t know.

AUSTIN: Mm, a pretty good one.

KEITH: A bullshit love letter.

ART: Yeah, how do people know that they’re in love if they’re not rolling dice?

FERO: Fero, while returning with a stolen ship you were 
approached by an animal from the dark – from the Isle of Dusk, which includes the Island of 
Eventide. It gave you a warning, and allowed you to study its essence, adding it to the pool of 
animals you can become. What sort of animal was it?

Take +1 forward to Defy Danger when you use uh, when you use this and tell me what the – any 
animal?

AUSTIN: Yeah, but it’s – so, so it’s from these islands, right, which are kind of craggy, rocky 
islands, out in the middle of the sea, between Ali’s very large island –

JACK: Uh, we can’t hear you, Austin.

AUSTIN: Uh! What?

KEITH: I can hear you.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Keith can – Keith can hear me.

JACK: Alright. I missed that whole bit.

KEITH: Uh.

AUSTIN: Okay. Um.

KEITH: He said that there’s craggy islands, that have,

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

KEITH: that are kind of crammed – sorry, I think you – can you hear him now, Jack?

JACK: Yep, yes, yeah I can hear him now.

AUSTIN: Okay. Yeah, so they’re craggy islands out between this, the Burg, where you guys are 
leaving from, and the big island that Ali is – calls home. Uh.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And so he has to choose one animal that he kind of communed with and added to his 
list of animals that he could be, as a druid. What sort of animal was it, Keith?

KEITH: That’s pretty good. Could it be, uh, sort of like a, could it, could it be, I don’t know the, the, 
uh, sort of climate of the island. Could it be a big-ish lizard?

AUSTIN: Sure. I mean, now, now I know more about the climate of the island.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So like a Komodo dragon-style - 

KEITH: Sort of like a Gila monster sort of thing.

AUSTIN: Okay, that - that’s how big it is? Okay. Alright! So, we’re gonna jump into this now. As 
we pick up the game, you’ve already travelled a couple of days on this ship. On the way towards 
this island, the island of Eventide, which lies about equidistant between Burg and the big island 
that Ali is from, which we still don’t have a name for , um, at some point, we’ll have to go 
there. Or if, Ali, you just like have one in mind let me know, and we’ll, and we’ll, come up with it.

ALI: I’ll… think about it. I’ll let you know.

AUSTIN: Okay. That’s fine. The expedition leader is, as we discussed - 

KEITH: Oh, sorry.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Uh. Can you guys hear the drumming that my roommate’s decided to start doing?

ALI: Nah. No.

AUSTIN: Nope. That’s good. That’s good. Woof. As you approach the island, the, I’m gonna say that the sun is high in the air, and it is, it is very warm, here. This is, the islands that you’ve passed on the way here have been kind of tropical in nature: palm trees, and giant lizards on them. But as you approach Eventide, you see that - that it’s more cliff than beach. It’s a large island, I’d say, you know, 
maybe a tenth? Maybe - maybe a twentieth of the size of Ali’s home island, which is massive, 
but this is still very big. But it’s fully dominated by a large kind of sandstone tower, built at its 
center. As I said before, or as Nick actually said before, Captain Calhoun is technically 
the expedition leader here. He is a boisterous man who has spent his whole life on the sea, and 
doesn’t really care much for the specific adventure so much as he does having something to do. 
The… leadership, the government of the Burg, has sent you here along with, uh, you know, Ali, 
who is from this island, a representative of the New Archives, Lem King, and, and, a 
representative of the Church of Samothes, Hadrian, to investigate this strange tower, because 
they think that it might be the cause of waves that have been crashing harder and harder against 
the ports in the - in both the Burg and on the big island. You’re approaching it when you realize 
that, they were right. You know this because instead of waves crashing in on the island alone, 
they also seem to be emanating outwards from it. And Calhoun has decided that this is about as 
close as he wants to bring this ship, for fear of damaging it on the crags. Uh… what do you do? 

JACK: So we gotta make a beach landing?

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: It’s like, that’s our first move, is somehow getting the hell onto this island I guess.

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: Since we’re sort of, wandering around in the surf. Um. 

ART: That’s too dangerous, like we’re - we’re wearing big suits of metal.

AUSTIN: There’s some, um - 

ART: Or some of us are.

ALI: Um, how - 

AUSTIN: Some of you are. Ali, were you about to - or, Hella, were you about to ask a question?

HELLA: How far away are we?

AUSTIN: Uh! Say… a hundred yards. By a smaller boat, it would take you another ten minutes maybe? You could row your way there.

KEITH: Do we have a smaller boat to row our way there?

AUSTIN: Yeah, let’s say there are two small boats. 

KEITH: Should -

AUSTIN: Each could hold five people.

KEITH: Um. Do you think that taking smaller boats is a good idea…

JACK: There are waves coming outwards from the island.

KEITH: If - well, what I’m saying, yeah, that’s what I’m saying, like, dude is worried about his 
whole ship.

AUSTIN: Mm-hm. Um. Are you trying to decide if you think that that’s the case?

KEITH: If I think it’s the case that, that

AUSTIN: That like - 

KEITH: we would be damaged by taking these boats?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, I am.

AUSTIN: Let’s, let’s say that that’s, that sounds like Discerning Realities to me.

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: That’s like... 

KEITH: Is that a roll, plus what?

AUSTIN: Mm… That’s plus Wisdom. That’s in your basic moves.

ART: Oh, plus Wisdom.

KEITH: Oh okay, yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Okay, so it’s not adding any sort of thing. Okay. 

ART: Plus Wisdom.

AUSTIN: It’s just plus Wisdom.

KEITH: Oh, plus Wisdom? Okay, my - 

ART: Plus WIS.

AUSTIN: Plus WIS.

KEITH: Plus WIS...

AUSTIN: Plus WIS, the modifier.

KEITH: Uh…

ART: Not Wisdom the whole number. 

KEITH: My WIS…

AUSTIN: Right. Let’s clear - I’m gonna clear the dice here so we can see. 

KEITH: Okay. Do you want me to reroll, then? Or - I just rolled.

AUSTIN: Oh, did you just roll? Oh I see them! I see them. 

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: You have a 5 and a 2.

KEITH: Uh, my - Yeah, my WIS is +2, and that’s a 7, so I got a 9.

AUSTIN: You know that the… you think that the smaller boats will actually have a, uh, an easier, 
will be rocked back and forth more, but they’ll be...

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Better able to navigate, between the rocks that are jutting up from… the area 
approaching the landing beach?

KEITH: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. 

AUSTIN: So, you’ll, you’ll probably be a little bit m- more safe, in that regard.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But that means you’ll take a +1 forward when acting on that knowledge.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Which means that when it’s time to actually do that… So, so what 
do you do, now that you guys know that?

ART: Uh, who - we should divide - 

JACK: Do any of our mages - 

ART: Oh, sorry. Go - who - 

LEM: Do any of our mages have any sort of, like, weather control capacity or - or - water control capacity? 

I don’t know your movesets.

AUSTIN: Are you asking that to - to the Great Phantasmo?

JACK: To the Great Phantas- yeah, uh…

AUSTIN: Cause he is your, your mage type here, let’s say.

JACK: Does, does Hadrian not have some spells, either? Or…

AUSTIN: Oh, right, he does have some spells, but I wasn’t counting him as a mage type, I guess, which is.

FERO: Oh, I don’t think, yeah, I don’t think Tazzy has anything for, for us here. 

LEM: No?

PHANTASMO: No.

ALI: Tazzy.

KEITH: Um, okay. Nick? I don’t know if Nick can hear us.

AUSTIN: Nick? Oh, is Nick gone? 

NICK: No, I can - yeah, I can hear you, sorry.

KEITH: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Okay, okay.

JACK: Is Nick declining to answer the question?

AUSTIN: Is the Phantasmo - 

NICK: I’m - no, I was looking through my sheets, and, and trying to - yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, no, I got you.

NICK: So, I’m trying to - I’m processing.

FERO: I’m - I’m thinking that what we should do, I think that we should all take off our heavy armor stuff, and then go across in the boats. ‘Cause if - 

HADRIAN: Nope.

FERO: No?

HADRIAN: No.

FERO: No? Listen - 

ART: That’s - 

KEITH: If we - 

ART: I mean, only, only if you think there’s nothing dangerous on that island.

FERO: I don’t think there’s nothing dangerous on the boat, and I’m saying if the ship falls over, I don’t want to be the one wearing metal armor.

AUSTIN: If people are - there we go.

HADRIAN: Do - do you have metal armor?

FERO: No, I have hide armor, I’m gonna keep it on. 

HADRIAN: Well then —  Uh, well, I have an idea for me.

KEITH: Alright, what’s up.

ART: Which is that I could, I could dedicate this as my quest? And one of the things I could make 
myself, once I have a quest, I can choose two boons, one of which is invulnerability to blank? So 
I think I can give myself invulnerability to drowning.

JACK: Wait -

AUSTIN: Uh, ha - 

KEITH: I think a quest is a more broad… 

AUSTIN: Well yeah.

JACK: I love the fact that your quest is, get off a boat.

KEITH: I don’t think… Yeah, yeah. This is some - 

ART: No! I’m getting myself to this larger quest.

KEITH: This is some - this is some level one WOW bullshit quest. Like, get across a 
thing in a boat! Like, that’s not a…

AUSTIN: Just tell me what the quest is. What’s your quest, Art?

ART: Uh, that brings me to an important follow-up question, what’s on this island? What are we doing here?

KEITH: On the island…

JACK: It’s the island with a massive tower.

KEITH: is a gigantic tower.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: That is causing gigantic waves to be crashing into the shoreline, where people don’t want 
waves to be crashing.

ART: Okay.

KEITH: And we’ve discovered that yeah, this tower’s for real, definitely doing that.

ART: So one of my quest options is discover the truth of blank. So my, my divine quest, is to 
discover the truth of this tower. And then I can choose -

JACK: What’s your motiv- okay.

ART: up to two things, that, like, an unwavering sense of direction,

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ART: invulnerability to blank,

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: a mark of divine authority, senses that pierce lies, a voice that transcends language, and 
freedom from hunger, thirst, and sleep. I can choose two of those things. 

JACK: Uh - right, but - 

ART: Like invulnerability to drowning - 

JACK: But, how low does that go, though, cause it’s like, if you walk into a room, if you don’t have 
a quest at the time,

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: you walk into a room with twenty goblins, could you just make your quest no 
more goblins?

AUSTIN: Well no I think that’s what -

JACK: Invulnerability to goblins?

AUSTIN: I - let’s, we can broaden this, and say discover the truth of the threat against the Burg? 
And suddenly that sounds bigger than, than, this tower?

ART: Well then - then I’m wasting, my invulnerability. By putting it for drowning.

AUSTIN: But - well no, I’m, no I’m gonna s- hm. You are, but I - I think the rest-

NICK: I mean how does that help the rest of us anyways?

AUSTIN: It doesn’t. 

KEITH: It doesn’t.

AUSTIN: He just wants it for him, so that - 

KEITH: He just said - 

AUSTIN: if he falls in the ocean, he won’t drown.

KEITH: Yeah.

ART: Woah woah woah.

KEITH: This is all a ruse, in order to - 

HADRIAN: But if I can’t drown, I think it opens up a lot of options here, right? 
Like, I have the heaviest armor, so I’m the biggest encumbrance. If you don’t have to deal 
with me, I think you could get one person with armor onto shore. Even if it’s just like, 
dumping Hella in a boat by herself,

FERO: Ooh.

HADRIAN: so she doesn’t sink.

HELLA: I can leave my shield behind. 

AUSTIN: You don’t have to leave anything behind, guys. You’ll be - you’ll - 

FERO: Yeah, no no no. This isn’t - this isn’t to weigh down the boat, this is 
just so that if we fall, we don’t sink, and our armor sinks.

JACK: How buoyant are you, Art?

ART: What’s that?

ALI: Wait, so we’re tak-

JACK: How buoyant are you?

ART: Not.

FERO: As soon as we land on the island, we can put our armor back on, it’ll be fine.

AUSTIN: This is amazing.

HELLA: We’re taking our armor with us?

FERO: Yeah!

AUSTIN: You should probably take your armor with you. You’re -

FERO: It’s not because - it’s not because we’ll sink, it’s because if we fall, we’ll sink.

HELLA: Okay. 

FERO: Yeah.

HADRIAN: That doesn’t sound like what my. That doesn’t sound like what - what god would let happen to me here.

FERO: Lem, can you help me out here?

HADRIAN: No no, I - I agree with you, I, I honestly think we should split up - 
the, uh, weight.

LEM: I’m not taking off my armor. But I was just about to suggest - I was just about to suggest… is there any chance I could m- if - if Hadrian is invulnerable to drowning, is there any chance I could kind of like, ride him to the shore?

ART: I’m not a mare — 

AUSTIN: Um, no, because, so here’s the thing, he’s invulnerable to drowning, not invulnerable to like, the tides. Do you know what I mean?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Sinking to the bottom of the ocean, and then being swept away - 

KEITH: And - and also, it’s not invulnerable to not being buoyant, like he’s still gonna sink.

AUSTIN: Right. In his - 

ART: And then walk! It’s a hundred yards! I can walk a hundred yards.

AUSTIN: Not in these - you can tell with your vision, not in these waves.

ART: Austin, waves don’t go all the way to the bottom, come on.

KEITH: You should I think you should save your quest -

AUSTIN: They do here.

KEITH: for when we’re in danger. And not just - 

AUSTIN: Oh, no, he shouldn’t, he shouldn’t. No, he absolutely shouldn’t, like there 
shouldn’t be a - 

ART: No, I need to dedicate myself to something, ‘cause it doesn’t, it’s not instant. 

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: Like I can’t walk into a room with goblins, be like - 

AUSTIN: Right. He should - we’re gonna say that -

ART: I’m immune to goblins, like that’s not how it works.

AUSTIN: Right. He should’ve - I thought he’d done this before. This is on me 
for not asking hey, Art, did you make sure at this, at character creation to dedicate yourself to a quest. Like, you should’ve made this before you left shore. Let’s say you did that.

ART: Alright.

NICK: I keep thinking about like, one day, Hadrian’s really hungry.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: And is like “It is my holy quest to make the best sandwich ever!” 

AUSTIN: But then he takes as one of his abilities that he can’t die from hunger! 

LEM: Uh, okay, so, yeah. So, Fero, your strat would be, everybody takes their armor off, and we, I don’t know what, swim? We make some attempt against the tides?

HADRIAN: No, we should definitely take boats.

AUSTIN: I think he was just saying - I think he was just saying take off the armor, split up into two boats, and you don’t have armor on so if you do tip over, you don’t have that armor to drag you down into the waves. That’s all he was saying.

JACK: I could follow that plan.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Yeah I could follow that plan. Uh, I think I, I think I’m… yeah I’m, I don’t know what I 
was...

KEITH: I can’t believe how immediately controversial this was.

AUSTIN: Hadrian, declare a quest.

HADRIAN: Uh, my quest, discover the truth of the threat to the Burg?

AUSTIN: Okay.

HADRIAN: The two boons I would like are senses that pierce lies?

AUSTIN: Okay.

HADRIAN: And a voice that transcends language.

AUSTIN: Sounds good. What is your - oh, hm. Yeah.

ART: Are you going to tell me what - you have to tell me what vow I need.

AUSTIN: Um.

ART: I want you to know, I took some of the weaker boons.

AUSTIN: You… you are… You did. You did. But. Uhh. Let’s say - hm. Piety.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: To - to continue this, at some point today, you will still need to perform church services. 

ART: Like in a church?

KEITH: Boy.

AUSTIN: No. 

ART: Alright.

AUSTIN: Like - like, you know, you’ll have to go through your daily prayer, you’ll have to, to read from your little book of prayers, etcetera. Or else - or else, maybe Samothes won’t be so pleased.

KEITH: Or else. 

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: So, you’re onto boats.

KEITH: Alright, we’re on the boats.

AUSTIN: Is that - is everyone in agreement with this?

ART: Boats, boats, boats.

ALI: Yeah. 

KEITH: Yeah, we’re on - we’re all in agreement. I - 

AUSTIN: Nick?

KEITH: As, as a show of solidarity,

AUSTIN: Great Phantasmo?

KEITH: Even though I have, uh… 

JACK: Oh! Uh.

KEITH: Weaker armor, I took off my armor.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Solidarity.

AUSTIN: Great.

HELLA: Wait, how are we splitting up the boats? ‘Cause we’re doing that, right?

LEM: Um.

FERO: Just make sure that all the armor’s not on the same boat.

HELLA: Right.

FERO: Yeah.

HELLA: Well no, but by people.

FERO: Um.

HADRIAN: I think we should do it - there’s a very logical way to do it where you 
basically arrange people by weight, and then split them? Like, the, the heaviest goes to the lightest. And then…

FERO: The two middles.

HADRIAN: The next - the next, the two middles. And then there’s a fifth person. You know.

AUSTIN: The halfling is the - is the fifth person. Right?

ART: Sure.

KEITH: Hi. That’s me.

HELLA: So I’m taking… Lem and Fero?

FERO: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: Sure.

HELLA: Okay. That’s fine.

AUSTIN: Meanwhile the two - meanwhile the, the, Great Phantasmo and Hadrian are in the other ones. Do you guys want to do this as two separate rolls, or would you like to do it as one leader? Like are you guys… is there someone leading this, is the question.

LEM: I kinda feel Hadrian’s leading it. 

HADRIAN: Based — what?

FERO: Okay.

LEM: I feel like - well because - cause you made such a, you made such a 
direct…

HADRIAN: All right. Don’t hate me.

AUSTIN: Who’s leading the direct - the first boat, is what I’m saying? 

ART: Oh.

JACK: Oh.

KEITH: Uh, it was my idea, I can lead it. I have +1 forward for this anyway.

AUSTIN: Oh, is this the thing that you were gonna use it for?

KEITH: No, you gave me a second forward for Discerning that - 

AUSTIN: Oh, you do.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yes, yes yeah. So yeah, let’s have, let’s have Keith make the roll here.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: This is gonna be a Defy Danger… hm. What - what - How’s - 

KEITH: It seems like by enduring, to me.

AUSTIN: No, I wouldn’t say this is enduring. Enduring would be - 

ART: I think it’s powering through, right? We’re like, rowing.

AUSTIN: Yeah. I think it’s powering through.

ART: Pushing on them oars.

KEITH: Okay, sure.

AUSTIN: You’re pushing through the oars, yeah.

KEITH: So I’ve got, um… looking at a, woof! Alright. That is a, uh…

AUSTIN: You just roll?

KEITH: A 6.

AUSTIN: Uh, that’s.

KEITH: I rolled a 3 and a 1.

AUSTIN: Good job.

KEITH: Thank you.

ALI: That’s all right… 

AUSTIN: Does anybody - who’s, who’s taking that second boat?

ART: The second boat is me and Phantasmo.

ALI: Yeah.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you or Phantasmo want to use the, the Aid/Hinder move? To aid to Keith’s roll? Aid or Interfere.

ART: Su- uh, absolutely, yes.

AUSTIN: Uh… Actually, does it not matter? It won’t matter. 

NICK: 5. Uh.

AUSTIN: Because the highest you can get is a +1, which’ll mean he’ll still be at a 6.

KEITH: No, I’ll be at a 7.

NICK: Oh.

KEITH: I’m, I have - I have 6 now.

ART: No he’ll be at a 7, yeah.

KEITH: Yeah. I have 6 now. Yeah, I have +2.

AUSTIN: Oh, you have 6 now? Okay! Well, then, yeah! This is perfect. Who - who would like to help him and how? How would you - you see Keith is, is, you know, he’s rowing, he’s ordering the other people on his, on his little canoe boat, thing, to row? Uh…

KEITH: Oh, I feel like such a dope.

AUSTIN: And - 

ART: Wait, I don’t - I don’t have a bond with him, I don’t know that I can.

AUSTIN: No, you can, you just don’t roll any plus, um. Like there’s a +2 roll.

ART: So you’re saying you - okay.

KEITH: Nick has a bond with me.

AUSTIN: You could - but Nick does. So, so...

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: The Great Phantasmo, how do you want to help Fero, whose ship is, you see it, it’s going off course. It’s going towards a, there’s like a, rock sticking up from under the, under the waves, that the Great Fer- or that the Great Fero, geez. That Fero has not seen.

KEITH: I do like the Great Fero. I do like that - that - no one said it! No one 
said it before. I am the Great Fero!

AUSTIN: Great.

NICK: Maybe Fero calls himself that because he looks up to Phantasmo so much, 
because - 

AUSTIN: Right, right. It’s you and me, bud, the Great Phantasmo and the Great Fero!

KEITH: I mean, I can transform

NICK: Phantasmo’s like — 

KEITH: — into like a bunch of different animals.

AUSTIN: That’s true.

PHANTASMO: You may not call yourself Great until you have studied under the true masters!

AUSTIN: So how are you gonna - Phantasmo, how are you gonna try to Aid? Fero here.

NICK: Um, I’m gonna use, um… I’m gonna use a… presti- prestidigitation cantrip?

AUSTIN: Oh, you - so let’s not even, don’t so much tell me what spell you’re gonna use, like what are you - what’s your goal, like how are you -

NICK: Oh, well, I mean - 

AUSTIN: In the film of this, what happens?

NICK: Yeah, no, I, I, the… I want to, uh, create, a, a picture of a rock, in the air in front of him,

AUSTIN: Ooh.

NICK: with an arrow pointing down.

AUSTIN: That’s pretty - that’s pretty great. Yeah, let’s - you just, you do that, let’s say.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: That’s pretty good. Uh, Fero?

KEITH: Yeah?

AUSTIN: Take that +1.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Right before you’re going to crash into this rock, you see in front of you a giant floating rock image, and are able to steer this boat away. Let’s, uh, Great Phantasmo’s able to do things like that on the way in to the shoreline,

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: basically giving you a landing strip for both of the ships.

KEITH: Great.

AUSTIN: You’ve invented the landing strip, in, in, this weird world, and you both come ashore, successfully. Um. The shore is… I don’t want to get us on this fucking shore, guys. This is where I’m at. Uh. This is a, a really, the, the, sand is kind of grey, old, ashy. But it’s hot to the touch, it’s absorbed a lot of heat. And, as you really land, you look up and you can see that the tower is way more imposing than you thought it was. It’s massive. A whole, you realize a whole bunch of people could be living here, this isn’t just like a lighthouse. This is… a, a, an outpost, almost, in size, you know? The beach leads up a little bit, and it’s rocky and craggy, but you think you can discern a path up towards the higher plateau where the tower is. What do you do?

KEITH: Uh, I want to look around and see if there’s any wildlife around?

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Like, what kind of wildlife there would be?

AUSTIN: There are a bunch of bird-like, they’re like birds up at the top of the, of the tower. But further down, you don’t see much. 

KEITH: Okay. Um. Would it be possible to get, uh, I want to try, I want to try getting one of the 
bird’s attention without making too much noise.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Try to call it to me.

AUSTIN: How - how you getting its attention?

KEITH: Um, I maybe try, like a, like hand gestures? Uh, I maybe throw a rock and do like a sort of 
a, a whisper at them.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um. You hear them cawing at you.

BIRDS: Leave! Leave! Leave! Leave!

AUSTIN: And they’re getting closer, and these are big birds. You guys know what - what uh, 
cormorants are?

JACK: Yeah.

ART: Sure.

KEITH: No, I don’t know cormorants.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: Oh my god.

AUSTIN: Just a quick pic to a cormorant.

KEITH: Well, Jack didn’t know cardinals, so.

AUSTIN: Um, they’re like this, but they have people faces.

JACK: Oh, jesus!

AUSTIN: Their big, huge, black wings, are, are blocking the sunlight. A huge shadow crosses over you as three to five of them come swooping down, quickly, towards you.

BIRDS: Leave, leave!

They call out to, to - and Fero can understand that - and… so can, so can, uh, Hadrian, because he has that blessing.

KEITH: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: You both — 

ART: I just - 

AUSTIN: Everyone else just hears them cawing out. They sound, they sound, upset.

KEITH: Can I communicate what they’re saying to everyone else real quick?

AUSTIN: Sure.

FERO: Yo, they’re saying that we gotta get out of here. And they’ve got people faces! Like.

AUSTIN: Their people faces are, um, wrinkled, and weathered. They are, they are definitely…

JACK: How…

AUSTIN: They are birds, beings who live outside, and have, you know, taken the full effects of the sun. From the wrinkling on their faces.

KEITH: Does it look like they’re attacking us?

AUSTIN: They’re closing distance rapidly.

ART: Oh, I wish we’d put on our armor first. I’m gonna start putting on armor.

BIRDS: Ours! Ours! Ours!

JACK: How - how utilitarian is this tower? Is it, is it kind of monolithic, or is it detailed in any regard?

AUSTIN: It’s - it’s monolithic in the sense that it seems built to a design to communicate power. But! It has windows, and it has, um, and it, you know, it’s clear that it’s a lived in tower, it’s not just an obelisk in the middle of the ocean.

JACK: Oh…

AUSTIN: But it - but it has design elements, there are little engravings on it, you can tell even from here. Or big engravings on it, that you can see from here, embellishments. They’re closing quickly, they will be in striking distance, momentarily. What do you do?

NICK: One of them sounds like a clock.

KEITH: Um.

ART: Um. So, so, so, getting armored is not an option?

AUSTIN: I don’t think it’s an option.

ART: Oh. 

AUSTIN: Or you can do it, but, but they will be acting as you’re doing that.

ART: Alright, I guess I, I ready, I ready my weapon, I, I, I take my, my halberd out and I, you know, kind of brace for a charge.

KEITH: Um.

AUSTIN: What about the rest of you? What are you doing?

KEITH: I’m going to… I’m gonna turn into a, a, a big eagle.

AUSTIN: Okay. So Fero lifts off into the air, and as a big eagle, as they come swarm- like, 
swooping down at the rest of you.

KEITH: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: At the moment, they seem to be ignoring Fero. Um, Ali - sorry, Hella, Great Phantasmo, and Lem, what are, what are you guys doing?

JACK: Um, would I have time to make a little performance?

AUSTIN: You could take - yeah, you could begin it.

JACK: Part of Arcane Art? Alright so I’m gonna just like shake the, the, my violin case free of 
seawater. It’s… okay, it’s — 

AUSTIN: No one has seen him do this before. Except to play, right? This is - I want to make sure that we have the color of this. This is a thing that we talked about off of recording. No one’s seen him do anything interesting with his violin, except play a few good tunes, right? 

JACK: Oi! That - that doesn’t give credit to my tunes! You know -

AUSTIN: No, they’re very good, they’re very good tunes!

KEITH: Oh, I want to say that I got a - for Shapeshifter I have a hold 2.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Oh a - a hold 2, what does that do?

KEITH: That means that I can, I can stay in the Shapeshifter form for as long as I want, but after 
my second move, I, I revert back into my,

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: my uh, halfling form.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: So, um, so I kind of like, shake the violin out of this oil cloth that it’s been in

AUSTIN: Mm.

JACK: to protect it from, from rain and, and water damage and everything. Um. And, and I start playing music, that sounds very, very peculiar. Um. And you can’t quite tell whether or not it is reflective of the water, or of the angles of the tower,

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: or of the feel of the sand underneath your, your boots, but it’s really, really strange. Um, and, in my performance, which isn’t necessarily particularly musical, it’s gonna give +1D4 forward to damage. And I get to choose an ally for that.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: Um. And I’m gonna pick Hadrian.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, Hadrian, you feel stirred at the sound of that, which is good, because the birds are on you. Three of them, now, closing in on your halberd.

KEITH: How many birds did you say there were?

AUSTIN: There are five total.

KEITH: Five total? Okay.

AUSTIN: Two of - let’s say two of them are still up at the top, the other three are the ones that 
have closed down, now.

KEITH: Okay.

ART: Uh, can I, can I make this momentary, uh, prayer for guidance? And ask what here is Evil? I want to figure out if these are just spooked birds, or if this is malicious intent? Or Evil? Evil?

AUSTIN: Yeah. So they close down on you, but because you have a halberd, they’re kind of at 
distance, still? They’re kind of like, flapping around you? And you can tell that these are not Evil birds. These are, these are bird people, these are like… cormorants who are defending this place because it’s theirs, and you’re here now. Not Evil.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: Oh, actually! You do know that there’s someone Evil nearby. It’s Hella. But other than that.

JACK: That’s the equivalent of like your, your, your fillings, or your gold teeth setting off the metal detector.

AUSTIN: Yeah - yeah - something! Over here! What - what’s happening? But.

ALI: Yes - we’re good friends, it’s fine.

NICK: Wait, did we - 

ALI: We hang out.

NICK: Did we decide that I was Neutral? I totally forget.

AUSTIN: We decided that you were Lawful. And that your goal was to get… do you want me to 
read back what your alignment was, Nick?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, your alignment, as written, is… Where’d it go. Here it, here it is. Gain respect through power.

NICK: Okay.

JACK: Huh.

AUSTIN: So, these birds are now in striking distance, on Hadrian, what are people doing?

KEITH: Um, as - 

AUSTIN: You’re still, you’re still transforming at this point, Keith,

KEITH: I’m still transforming?

AUSTIN: Let’s say, you’re still like - yeah, you’ve flown up past them, kind of.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: In this like, big jump. I wanna kind of, I want to know what Hella and -

KEITH: Oh, so they haven’t noticed that I’m a giant eagle yet?

AUSTIN: Uh, they’re not focused on you at this point, they’re focused at the guy who’s waving a big sharp thing at them.

KEITH: Yeah, that’s - yeah, that’s cool, Art, way to wave sharp -

ALI: But, I mean, I guess I’m also preparing to attack, though.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you - I mean, are you attacking? Or are you…

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Cause, I mean, that’s what Hadrian is also doing, just kind of pulling his sword out, right?

AUSTIN: He’s, okay, so, well, he has a big halberd, which is like

ART: Yeah, it’s a, it’s a…

AUSTIN: a big spear thing?

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So he’s able to like, keep them at distance

KEITH: He’s got a stick with a knife fight here.

AUSTIN: above him. He’s gonna - yeah, he’s a stick with a knife, it’s a very nice knife but it’s a knife. Whereas you have a sword out. What’s your sword look like, by the way?

ALI: Um, my sword is… ornate?

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ALI: And then it’s well-crafted and sharp.

AUSTIN: So what, what sort of ornate, like what sort of embellishments are on it?

ALI: Um.

AUSTIN: And like what color is the sword? Like, is it a silvery, like steel, chrome thing? Or is it 
like, reddish bronze, is it…

ALI: Um, I would say that the blade itself is just kind of like a steel…

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ALI: Kind of standard plate, but that has, like, engravings in it?

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ALI: And then the uh, the ornateness really comes from the, the hilt?

AUSTIN: Okay. Let’s…

ART: Okay - oh.

AUSTIN: What’s on the hilt? What’s on the hilt? Sorry, I just want to get a picture 
of this thing.

ALI: I… don’t know? Um, I would say that the, the hilt is like a bronze, but like 
a shiny bronze? With, like, jewels, in it?

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. Cool. 

What color are the jewels?

ALI: Uh…red?

AUSTIN: This is what - this sword is a - for the people listening Ali’s fighter have like, has like a really cool sword, and I want to make sure we have a really good picture of it in our heads.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Okay. Red jewels, and this bronze, engraved hilt.

ALI: Yes.

AUSTIN: Nice sea of steel, bright, shiny, metal blade.

ALI: Yeah. Yeah. It’s been taken care of, this blade.

AUSTIN: So yeah.

ART: Alright. So I’m gonna make like a big sweeping motion, but like not,

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ART: not in a - I’m not trying to hit anything.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: This is like, the, the warning shot, of, of swinging a polearm in the air?

AUSTIN: Huh. Are you… Parleying with them, in a sense?

ART: I - I will be. I’ll be using, I will be using my voice that transcends language.

AUSTIN: Okay. What are you saying?

KEITH: It sounds so fucking pompous when you say it.

ART: Fuckin get used to it. We, we have not yet begun to be pompous. Um. I don’t know why I 
referred to myself in the th- third - in the second person - first person plural? I don’t know.

AUSTIN: First person plural, yeah.

ART: Uh. So I swing in the air, and say like,

HADRIAN: Back away, we - we’re not here to hurt you.

AUSTIN: Okay. Go ahead and roll Parley, which is plus, 

ART: In whatever…

AUSTIN: plus Charisma. It’s in your own -

ART: Hey, I have that.

AUSTIN: It’s in your voice, but they, your voice transcends… language.

ART: Right, they understand - they’re hearing it in Bird, or whatever.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: Mm.

JACK: Bird.

AUSTIN: Keith, that’s a weird feeling for you. You hear it in both.

KEITH: Okay. Whoa. 

ART: Uh, that’s a… s… I rolled a 7, hold on, I’m all over the place with where my numbers are.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ART: I should like write them down separately from the character sheet.

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: So it’s, it’s a it’s an 8.

AUSTIN: Okay, so a 7-9, um. You’re asking, them, to back off, basically?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And your leverage in this case is violence, right, like you’re threatening them.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: So, what’s the concrete assurance that you’ll hurt them, if they don’t back off?

ART: Uh. Sorry. Uh. I’ll hurt one of my allies, that’ll show them.

AUSTIN: No - That’s not - 

ART: How I’m capable of hurting things. Uh. No, I finish the, the maneuver by like 
striking, the, the beach very hard.

AUSTIN: Okay. Um…

ART: Beach? We decided this is a beach?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s a beach. It’s an ashy beach.

JACK: I thought - sorry, I thought Parley was like, if you succeed, they ask you for something and 
do it if you make them a promise, and then on 7-9 they need concrete assurance of that promise?

AUSTIN: Right. His concrete assurance of that promise is - his promise is I’ll fucking kill you. And 
his, his concrete assurance is this maneuver that shows — 

JACK: Oh so it’s - right.

AUSTIN: — right, I mean it, I’m not kidding.

ART: I know how to use this pointy thing.

JACK: So - so it’s not Parley, it’s a threat?

AUSTIN: Right, I know how to use it, yeah. I could, you know, he could have also said like, I’ll pay 
you! And then given them a coin. Do you know what I mean?

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Like, there’s, it’s a very flexible move, it’s about intimidation, it’s also about, um, you 
know, coercion, it’s also about convincing someone… nicely. So it’s a very broad move.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: They are, they are, convinced. And start to fly back up a bit. They pass by Keith, who they are very confused by, by, by Fero, and are kind of hovering around, around him.

BIRDS: Friend? Friend?

FERO: Yeah, yeah, no, friend, for sure.

BIRDS: Ah!

AUSTIN: And they like, kind of gesture for you to move back up with them.

KEITH: Yeah, I definitely go with them.

AUSTIN: Okay! Fero’s gone. What do the rest of you do while Fero’s flying up to the 
top of this tower?

ART: Put armor on.

AUSTIN: Good call.

JACK: Yep.

AUSTIN: Everybody’s armored up, everyone has their stuff off the boats. Up on, up on the roof, 
Fero, you see that they are picking away at a corpse. It’s a small corpse. Wider than yours. Your body. Wider than your body not wider than your, your halfling corpse. Wider than, than, than what your halfling body is, but about the same height.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: And it’s old -

KEITH: Does it - 

AUSTIN: and it smells bad.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It smells so bad. Uh.

JACK: Can we - 

AUSTIN: And they like, kind of like, gesture towards you to start eating. Yep! What’s up?

JACK: Can we, can we talk to F- can we, do our voices carry to the tower?

AUSTIN: No. I mean, you could shout, but it’s tall. We’re talking about, you know…

JACK: Damn, I’m thinking…

AUSTIN: twelve, thirteen stories of height.

JACK: Mm. Um.

AUSTIN: Maybe, maybe higher.

KEITH: Uh, I want to, before, I want to be like, 

FERO: Hey, before I have a bite of that, uh, can I, can you -

KEITH: No, I don’t say that, I’m sorry. I say,

FERO: Hey, first, can you, like, can you tell me something, can you tell me what’s up with this tower? Like, do you know anything about this, or like, is there anybody here, that lives here?

AUSTIN: We’re new!

FERO: You’re new?

BIRDS: We found this. This is ours now.

FERO: Oh okay, you h- like, do you mind if my friends and I, if we, like, go in here?

BIRDS: Will you eat?

FERO Will I eat - some of this?

BIRDS: Will you eat our food?

FERO: No, no, no, no.

AUSTIN: You - you can’t tell if they mean, hey, do you want a bite? Or if they mean, hey, are you gonna steal our food. It’s one of the two!

KEITH: Um, I, I, can I tell them like,

FERO: I won’t have any more than you want me to have.

AUSTIN: Sure. They nod, and say,

BIRDS: Okay! Okay!

KEITH: Okay. Uh. Can - I, I’m gonna say, like, 

FERO: Hey, I’m gonna, I’m gonna go back down there with my friends.

BIRDS: Okay! Okay!

FERO: Okay. Cool. Thanks. See you later, thanks for the help.

BIRDS: Mm!

FERO: Okay.

BIRDS: Rahrahrahrahrahrah

AUSTIN: Digging into this corpse again.

KEITH: And then I go - I go back to everybody, and I let them know like, like I don’t, hushed tones! Like,

FERO: Those were okay. Those birds don’t know much, they’re a little weird, don’t eat anything. Don’t...

AUSTIN: Alright, so, you’re on,

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: everyone’s, everyone’s equipped, uh. What’s up, Lem.

JACK: Can I… is there any chance I could consult my Bardic Lore?

AUSTIN: Sure, what do you, how’s that work, read that - 

JACK: This seems like an important like-

AUSTIN: Read that move to me.

JACK: Um. When you first encounter an important creature, location, or item covered by your 
Bardic Lore,

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: which in this case is Grand Histories of the Known World. You can ask the GM any one question about it, the GM will answer truthfully.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: The GM may then ask you what tale, song, or legend you heard that information in. 

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: Um. So the question I’m gonna ask, is just, um. Ah. Are events 
surrounding the histories of this tower, or others’ interactions with this tower, recorded in the 
Archives? Essentially, is this something that the organization knows about, even if I don’t?

AUSTIN: You can’t ask that. You’re asking if you know something. Like you can’t ask, me 
as - you, Jack the player can’t ask me, the GM, if the - 

JACK: Oh, god that makes so much sense.

AUSTIN: You’re asking, Lem is -

KEITH: So - 

AUSTIN: recalling his own knowledge, just to see if he knows something.

KEITH: Yeah. So it sounds like you can just rephrase it as like, hey, have I seen anything about 
this place?

JACK: I suppose my - I suppose my knowledge would be index cards, yeah, like have I seen 
anything about this?

AUSTIN: How would - how are you going to identify this versus other towers? Like, what, 
what sort of information do you want to key you into this, to whether or not you’ve seen anything 
about this tower?

JACK: Is this location marked, and noted? In this particular place.

ART: Wait, isn’t that - 

AUSTIN: That’s - that’s so big, man.

JACK: Okay, yeah, fine.

AUSTIN: You’re asking me - you’re basically trying to bring, to bear the entire weight of the 
Archive here. Do you know what I mean?

JACK: Yeah, no, that’s fair. Um. Okay, yeah, no, what I’ll do, is I’ll, I’ll, just use my Elf one 
instead, which is much more…

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: usefully specific here, which is just one fact from the history of this location.

AUSTIN: Sure. Um… You know that this location, was… you know, based on, the architectural 
style, the embellishments, that this was built before the Erasure. Um. We talked about the 
Erasure during our - our base episode, right? 

ALI: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: Our first, our…

JACK: Yeah, okay.

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I didn’t know if that was an, an in between thing, but yeah, okay. And… you can date it to 
a specific culture, which was, a different seafaring culture than the one, at, in the Burg? 
From the southern, uh, coast of the continent, one that, that was kind of a city-building empire, 
like that’s what they did, is they built cities.

JACK: Mmkay.

AUSTIN: So you recognize it as being part of that, that group, in the northwest.

JACK: But for some reason they built a tower up here, and we don’t, we don’t know whether or 
not they exist anymore - I, I mean - this isn’t a question I’m asking, but I’m assuming if this is 
pre-Erasure.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: I’m trying to think about whether or not this is gonna be… what are we look- what, what is 
the first thing that we’re looking for as we go through here, are we just gonna go room by room? 

AUSTIN: That’s up - 

JACK: Trying to see what we can find, or?

AUSTIN: That’s up to you guys, I don’t know, you tell me.

JACK: Yeah, no, like that’s - that’s the sort of-

AUSTIN: I mean you’re not there yet, you’re, remember, you’re still on the beach, that thing’s still up in the, up at the top of the 

JACK: Oh yeah.

AUSTIN: plateau, you guys have to make your way up there still.

JACK: Yeah.

NICK: Are you - are you sharing any of this info with us?

JACK: Oh yeah totally.

NICK: Lem? Okay.

JACK: Yeah, I’m letting you know that. Um.

NICK: As, as he’s, as he’s sharing this information, 

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

NICK: I want to try to recall something that I can correct him on.

AUSTIN: Okay. Uh, so is that - like what, like how - 

NICK: I’m gonna Spout Lore, basically.

AUSTIN: You’re gonna Spout Lore here? 

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay. Spout Lore, for people listening, says…

NICK: Then I’m I’m gonna use one of my book uses.

AUSTIN: Okay, so Spout Lore says when you consult your accumulated knowledge about 
something. Roll plus INT, on a 10+ the GM will tell you something interesting and useful about the 
subject, relevant to your situation. On a 7-9 the GM will only tell you something interesting, it’s 
up to you to make it useful? The GM might ask you, how do you know this, tell me 
the truth now. And Nick is also - the Great Phantasmo is also using one of his books, as a wizard 
one of his starting item options was a collection of books and he can kind of like, flip through 
them to like point out a thing, or like draw on their knowledge and use them up to say oh, here’s a 
thing, here’s how I know. This is like a little, a little bonus.

JACK: Right.

AUSTIN: So what did you - 

NICK: Um. So I rolled, uh, I rolled a 7,

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

NICK: my INT is +2, my book is +1.

AUSTIN: Ooh.

NICK: So I rolled a 10.

AUSTIN: So you got, you get something both interesting and useful.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You know that in fact, while the architecture might be designed by that, that, group in 
the south? It was, these were actually built by, um, living, artifacts, made by the old University. 
They did the actual construction.

PHANTASMO: Excuse me, but I believe you are mistaken! Look here, my good boy.

NICK: And then I show him the, the passage in the book that I found.

JACK: Alright. Mmkay. I’m gonna defer to people with swords here, or people with, with big, big sticks, and, and clubs, and things. 

AUSTIN: Mmhm. So there’s, there’s a wall of, there’s the wall of… rocks and stones, and you 
can make out a pathway, like it’s not, I’m not gonna make you guys, uh, roll to get up this- 

NICK: I want to make it really clear… I want to make it really clear that that 
was not… personal for you? Jack? That was Phantasmo…

JACK: Of course!

NICK: I’m roleplaying hard. Okay, good.

AUSTIN: Uh huh. So you’re making your way up the side of this mountain, or kind of, not 
mountain but this cliff, and about three fourths of the way up, you find… a kind of a cute little 
door, little wooden door. It comes up to… the, it comes up to most people’s chest? Fero, it 
comes up to your head, it’s a door about your size. Maybe a little bit shorter than you.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Um.

ART: Oh! Uh - 

AUSTIN: It’s a wooden door with brass handles, and a little window, with a grate on it. What’s up, 
Hadrian.

ART: Oh I uh, I have senses that pierce lies.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

ART: Is anything, is there anything about the appearance here that’s false? 

AUSTIN: No.

ART: You know - Okay, so if this,

AUSTIN: No, everything is - 

ART: if this was like, if this wasn’t here, and it was just like a big stupid illusion… alright.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yes. No, this is not a big stupid illusion.

KEITH: Um…

AUSTIN: What do you do, at the, at the door to this little… at this little door?

KEITH: I’m gonna take a, I’m gonna take a quick listen… through the door to see if I can hear 
anything going on at the other side. And if I feel like I can’t hear anything, then I’m gonna, open it up slowly and peek in.

AUSTIN: There’s a little… bit of a, there’s a little bit of movement. But it’s not…

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It’s like, you can make out… that sounds like… mm. It’s just a little bit of, there’s a little bit of movement inside.

KEITH: O-

AUSTIN: But not from anything human, like human in size.

KEITH: Okay. So, I, I tell, I tell everybody, if I haven’t told them before, like, 

FERO: It looked like, up on the thing, those birds were eating the corpse of something. Something kind of my size, a little bit wider. So it could, like. Maybe it could’ve been some sort of dwarf, or something? And… something, something is behind this door that is not as big as a, as a human person… 

AUSTIN: It’s also not as big as you! It’s, I mean when I say it’s not as big as

KEITH: Oh okay.

AUSTIN: I mean it’s like, small. Like,

KEITH: Small? Oh okay.

AUSTIN: I mean like tiny animal sized.

KEITH: Okay. Then I t- then I o- then I open the door, cautiously.

AUSTIN: The first thing you get when you open it is like, it’s the smell of a room that someone’s 
been like, for twenty years now, maybe longer, just like… smoking in. And like, the good tobacco? 
Like I don’t like cigarettes at all?

KEITH: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: At all, I grew up with, with parents who smoked, with my mom who smoked, and I hate 
the smell of actual cigarettes.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But I, when I was living in California I used to go to like the tobacco store, with my friend Jason. And they would have like, fresh tobacco in there, and it has that smell.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Of like, and also like the smell of old books.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: This is just like, a really quaint little… a quaint little place where people, where like someone lived.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It’s - 

KEITH: And this - is this, the smoke smells like someone smoked here recently? Or just - 

AUSTIN: Not recently.

KEITH: Oh okay.

AUSTIN: It’s this old, lived-in feel.

KEITH: Okay, yeah.

AUSTIN: Not recently at all. What do you guys do?

KEITH: I’m gonna, I’m gonna step inside.

AUSTIN: Okay. It’s easy for Fero to get inside, everyone can go inside here, but like 
you’re, like all of your heights are like just up to the ceiling.

KEITH: I’m gonna walk - I’m gonna walk in like it’s nothing, and be like

FERO: Ah, what’s wrong, guys?

NICK: Is it dark in here?

ART: Can I - you know, I’d like to like, can I make some noise? Just like, a, like, 
you know…

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure.

ART: Pound my, my halberd on the, the, the base on the ground, or whatever, like.

AUSTIN: Uh huh. You hear - 

ART: I wanna see if I get a response.

AUSTIN: You do! There’s like a little bit of a chittering? Like, like rodents, like, and then they scurry away.

KEITH: And then I - then I also scowl at him.

AUSTIN: Uh - 

NICK: So there’s, there’s no light in here except what’s coming through the door, right? Or is there.

AUSTIN: And then, as you step inside,

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: you see that there are also windows out to a little area behind it. You didn’t think there 
would be, you thought this would be like a cave? But it looks like it opens up into a sunlit 
something. Inside, you could, if you’re all in there, you can see that there’s, you know, little, little bottled ships on the shelves and the walls. Probably… a couple dozen books, there’s… painting supplies, um, there’s, a, a couple loaves of moldy bread… a little fireplace.

NICK: Phantas-

KEITH: Don’t eat that bread.

NICK: Phantasmo’s looking at the books. Is there anything interesting?

AUSTIN: It’s all very practical stuff. You find one that’s on an armchair next to the fireplace that’s just like, The Breads of the Capitol! There’s lots of baking books, lots of recipes. There’s some, books on woodworking. It’s a very craftsy selection of books.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And then a few, like, novels. Um, that look really well-worn, and are very like, the fantasy 
equivalent of Hemingway, or Melville, right? Like… 

ALI: What, um…

JACK: Um. Are we under any time pressure?

AUSTIN: I don’t know. You tell me, how long do you want to spend here?

JACK: Is - is there any sort of, okay.

ART: How - how moldy? Like is this bread like, a couple weeks old, or like twenty years old?

AUSTIN: A couple weeks old.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: Are you, inside of like the, the, the bread oven, in fact, is a loaf, that is just, it’s, way 
overcooked. It’s burnt to, to, to ash, at this point.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: But like, even that isn’t… old, dusty, nothing? Like even that has some weight to it, it’s 
only been a couple of weeks.

ALI: Um. While people are looking at books and bread, can I look out one of those windows in the back?

AUSTIN: Sure! Absolutely. There’s a, there’s a nice little garden back there,

JACK: Oh man!

AUSTIN: that’s starting to get a little bit overgrown, and set up, it’s kind of like, this nice, it has cliffs all around it, like, the rock has grown up around it? But here in the back, is just this nice little garden! And there’s an easel set up, with unfinished painting, back there… and a little stool, and - 

JACK: What’s the painting like?

AUSTIN: It’s a painting of… a… ship, in a, in a big, bold harbor. It’s, it’s, very, like, dramatic, and, 
and… a little imperial? If you know how to read paintings like, like you do? Kind of like, look at all - 
look at our strength, sort of painting. But there are also other paintings back there, and those 
range in subject matter, from, um, the natural? You know, cliff faces, like the one that this, that 
make up this island, to the personal. There is a portrait of a small woman, very round features, 
who has a smile on her face, that looks… it looks, it’s actually like a, one of the most 
genuine smiles that you’ve seen, as if she’s thrilled to be, being made the subject of, of a 
painting.

JACK: Mmhm.

ALI: Okay…

JACK: Were there any exits? From - 

AUSTIN: Uh, not from the garden. So there’s little - 

JACK: So the i-

AUSTIN: There’s a - there’s an exit from the room, from the little house, into the garden, there’s 
another back door, but that’s it.

JACK: Okay. So this whole space is just the room and the garden.

AUSTIN: It’s a big room, like it’s a, there’s a bed in the corner, there’s the area where people sit 
and read, there’s the - 

KEITH: And - can - can I see up to the, ceiling? Like, or like, the super tall point of the tower?

AUSTIN: You can see the roof, like, you’re not in the tower at this point.

KEITH: Oh okay, okay.

AUSTIN: This is like, this is like a little house, in the cliff face, on your way up to the tower.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Does that make sense?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: So you can ki- you can see the tower over the little, the cliffs that block this place out.

KEITH: Okay. Yeah, well, first, I wanna, I wanna take that woodworking book?

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Um. And I, then - 

AUSTIN: It’s not in a language you can understand.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: None of you like, know - 

JACK: Is it a language I can understand?

AUSTIN: Uh, you recognize the language, and you’ve been putting together what these books are 
through illustrations… and like, maybe through a few words, let’s say. Let’s say that like.

JACK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Like bread, okay, I know what bread is, you know the word for bread, and it works. But there are other words here that are just not your common tongue.

JACK: So I’m like the guy who knows three words of Spanish?

AUSTIN: Yes.

JACK: And says he speaks a bit of Spanish.

AUSTIN: Yes, exactly. Exactly.

ART: This, this might be, this might be cheating. Uh, if - if that book was read aloud, would I 
understand it?

AUSTIN: Yeah! If it was read alou- oh! Oh, like - yeah yeah yeah, but there are, yes. But, um.

KEITH: If someone read it phonetically - 

AUSTIN: Yes, except that this is like, do you know Cyrillic? Do you know how to pronounce 
Cyrillic?

ART: I don’t.

AUSTIN: Right. And that’s what this is.

KEITH: Okay.

JACK: But I - is that -

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean, there are some chara- there are some 
characters there, that you’re really familiar with, and some that are just like I don’t know if, I don’t 
know what this is. Jack, if you had all of your resources? And like, a week? You bet you could put together what this is, and where it was written, and who the culture was that wrote it.

KEITH: Okay, I definitely take, I keep the book.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, it’s - 

JACK: Um, is…

AUSTIN: It’s 1 load.

KEITH: It’s 1 load?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s like a, you know.

KEITH: Okay…

AUSTIN: It’s a healthy-sized book. But like, so write that down.

KEITH: Okay.

JACK: Was that map I got earlier 1 load?

AUSTIN: No, that map is noth- is no load. 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so it’s a big, heavy book. I guess what I would say, actually, Keith, is you can take a couple of books at 1 load.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: If you want.

KEITH: Yeah, I’ll take a couple of books for now.

AUSTIN: That’s - that’s fair.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Because, Nick, your one, your like five books is 1 load, right?

NICK: My - the bag of books is 5 uses… 2 weight. So.

AUSTIN: 2 weight. 2 load.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So let’s say, so let’s say you can take three books at 1 load.

NICK: So, like two and half books.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

KEITH: So, for now, just so everyone knows, I am encumbered.

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

KEITH: Not, I, I mean, I am at my max before I am encumbered.

AUSTIN: Okay, sounds good.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. Is there any way - 

NICK: Oh, also, speaking of the books, uh.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: Like, at all times, except for, you know, if something - bad, is happening? 

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

NICK: My books are actually just floating next to me?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: Uh. On the uh, on my uh.

AUSTIN: It’s an important thing for our visuals of this.

NICK: Yeah! No, it’s. It’s important to know this.

KEITH: Does that negate the weight? 

AUSTIN: I think it does!

NICK: Yes, my unseen servant can t- can carry, a, a load, of up to three.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

KEITH: Aw man! Can I ask him if he can carry my books too?

NICK: Uh, I mean.

FERO: Phantasmo, come on! Come on, he’s already got your books!

ALI: I - I was shaking my head, and people who are listening to this can’t see this, but I’m shaking my head as Hella. I want everyone to know that.

JACK: Is there a particular move for like a thorough search of a place? 

AUSTIN: Yeah!

JACK: Or is that just…?

AUSTIN: That’s Discerning Realities.

JACK: Oh! Cool, well.

AUSTIN: How are you searching, how are you searching the space? Like what are you doing?

JACK: I’m, I’m like, searching it like a, person who can’t do any magic? I’m going from like surface to surface?

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: Taking all the stuff off it,

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: looking under things,

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: shaking books…

AUSTIN: That’s a Discern - Discern Realities.

NICK: Anyways, I answer Fero. And I say

PHANTASMO Fine! But you must remove it, if I need… something of my own to be carried.

KEITH: I - I roll my eyes, toss the books in the air, and then they just start floating.

NICK: Yep.

JACK: Okay, so uh…

AUSTIN: I like that - I like that they’re in the air, and like the books stack like WHOAAA!

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like moves over to catch it, and they’re still moving everywhere to catch it.

JACK: Okay, I’m rolled 2D6…

AUSTIN: Mmhm. Plus WIS.

JACK: 9 plus WIS is +1, so 10!

ART: Great!

AUSTIN: Excellent! Um… you… find… I guess, so here’s the thing that’s interesting about 
Discern Realities, you were supposed to now ask me three questions on this list. And that’s 
what you have to do here. So, so do that.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: That’s what you’re supposed to do. It shouldn’t just be me giving you a thing.

JACK: Alright. Okay. What here is useful or valuable to me?

AUSTIN: You find, in the bottom, o- of, he has like a, next to his bed - next to the bed, there is a 
bed here. I shouldn’t say his, in fact. Um. Is a… little nightstand, that has all of the signs of being handcrafted. And on the bottom shelf, of the nightstand, or the bottom drawer of the nightstand, there’s a false bottom. And underneath that, is, a little ring of keys.

JACK: Cool!

AUSTIN: You pocket that easily.

JACK: Is that 1 load, or?

AUSTIN: That’s no load. 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Little ring of keys, eh, whatever.

JACK: Cool. Not quite clock.

AUSTIN: Mm-hm. What else, what are your other two questions?

JACK: Oh, sorry, I was just writing down ring of keys. Next question is… what here is not what it 
appears to be?

ART: Good question!

AUSTIN: Hm. I’m trying to think if there’s anything that’s not what it appears to be. Um… okay, uh.

NICK: This bread appears to be tasty. But it is not.

AUSTIN: This place, you would be… it would be easy to think that this was, based on the things like oh the bread is recent! Oh there’s recent paintings! Stuff like that? It would be easy to think that this person has lived here for… ten or twenty years, right? You know, that this place is much older than that. You recognize a few… embellishments, on, on pieces of furniture. You recognize, the, the… the language that you’d seen earlier on the books. But like I said, it predates the Erasure. Those things make you realize that like, unlike everyone else in this group who probably thinks, oh, someone probably moved here, twenty thirty years ago at the most, you know that that could be three, four, five hundred years ago.

JACK: I’m sharing all this information with people.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: So we can all be on the same page here. Final question. What should I be on the 
lookout for?

ART: Oh, you broke my heart with that, Jack.

AUSTIN: Nothing. You don’t, you don’t know. You don’t, that’s. You don’t know.

JACK: Sorry, Art?

AUSTIN: He said he broke hi- you broke his heart with that question. Instead of choosing some other one.

JACK: I - 

AUSTIN: No! That’s fine, it’s what you made - there isn’t really anything to be on the lookout here for, like you’re on your toes for danger, you’re, paying attention but there just isn’t anything else to look out for.

KEITH: I start - I suggest that we, we get going to the tower.

NICK: Wait, hang on.

AUSTIN: Mmhm?

NICK: I wanna do a, Detect Magic, cantrip.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: Quickly.

AUSTIN: The, do you just make cantrips or do you roll for them? I forget.

NICK: Um.

AUSTIN: You still roll for them, right?

NICK: Yeah, no, I still roll for them, they just don’t count, I don’t have to prepare them.

AUSTIN: Right, that’s - 

NICK: Like they’re auto-prepared.

AUSTIN: Autoprepared, right right right.

NICK: I don’t lose them. Um, alright.

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead and make that spell. And I’m gonna say that you can have just cast, successfully cast, the hidden… thing. Or not the hidden thing, the servant, the invisible servant is fine.

NICK: Oh, yeah.

AUSTIN: But go ahead and cast, go ahead and cast the… Detect Magic. 

NICK: Ooh, uh. 8? Is what I rolled…

AUSTIN: Mm-hm. So, on an 8, you cast the spell, but choose one. You either draw unwelcome 
attention, or put yourself in a spot, I’ll tell you how, the spell disturbs the fabric of reality, you take 1 on, -1 ongoing to cast a spell until the next time you prepare spells, so it’s like a negative to all of your spellcasting. Or you forget the spell after you’ve cast it, you can’t cast it again until you prepare your spells.

KEITH: Any cantrip, or just the, the Detect Magic cantrip?

AUSTIN: Just the, this one cantrip.

KEITH: Okay.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: For that one! The -1 ongoing is all spells. So you can either, like, I forget this one spell, or, I take -1

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: on all future spells, until I prepare again.

NICK: Um. I’m gonna choose the first one.

AUSTIN: Okay… So, you notice that there is magic in, on the paintings? The 
paintings are magical.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: At first you’re not sure what it is, and then you notice it’s the inks, the inks - not the inks. 
The um. Paints themselves.

NICK: The paints. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah. They’re left out, but they’re still wet. Like the paints on the palette that are near 
his, or near the painted area, are still… just, they’re like nice, wet, like fresh, even though

NICK: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: it feels like no one has been here for weeks. The… the key? In, or the keys, in… Lem’s pocket, are magical? And… that set of footsteps coming down the pathway is magical.

NICK: What.

AUSTIN: What do you do?

NICK: Uh…

AUSTIN: You can only sense that because you’ve sensed magic.

NICK: Right. So no one else hears the footsteps?

AUSTIN: No. You hear them as like, magical drops, hitting the ground. Feel like - 

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: There’s no other sound, coming.

ALI: But the pathway - can’t be...

NICK: Um…

AUSTIN: Up to the tower, the pathway, so it’s like, there’s a pathway like, up? And then like, you 
know, up and it’s kind of around and all over the place, and, coming down from the tower… the Great Phantasmo picks up the sound of, the magical tinkling of footsteps.

NICK: I have a uh. I have a rules question.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: On invisibility?

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

NICK: It says touch an ally. Am I, am I an ally?

AUSTIN: I think so.

NICK: To myself? Okay.

AUSTIN: I think it’s interesting if you are, so yeah.

NICK: I make myself invisible.

AUSTIN: Uh, you have to roll that spell again.

NICK: Yeah, alright.

AUSTIN: So, go ahead and, and do that. And you haven’t - have you communicated this to anybody? Are people just gonna look a-

NICK: Nope.

AUSTIN: Okay. Alright.

JACK: He’s just gonna disappear.

NICK: Oh sh- that’s not good! I rolled a 5.

AUSTIN: Did you roll your - plus your INT? Or just total, it was a 5.

NICK: Yup, I rolled a 3, and then +2…

AUSTIN: Oh, buddy… alright. Um, so - 

ART: Man, get better at magic!

KEITH: Man. What do you do when you fail your intro? 

Great Phantasmo, more like… Fake Phan… tas-blow.

AUSTIN: I - so what happens here, is. Great. Great. The way this game works is, when you guys make a move, you do what it says on a 10+ or on a 7-9. On a 6 or lower, sometimes there’s a specific, a thing, but… generally, it means I get to make, a move. It means I get to make what’s called a hard move, normally. Hard moves are events that happen - I have a list of moves that I can make, that you guys can’t see. But, hard moves are a list of things, or are, are, is a type of move that doesn’t - that you can’t take back. It’s just, it’s a, kind of a, irreparable? Or like, you would need to put in some effort to change it? Versus a soft move, which is like, you heard some footsteps. I made a soft move when Nick succeeded, he heard, he heard some footsteps. I’m now making a hard move. The door flings open, and there’s a, a little, round skeleton, standing there with a broom in its hands. And it makes some - it makes like a chattering, of its mouth moving? Like - And it’s try - it’s as if it’s speaking. But it takes up the broom and is shaking it, as, as the Great Phantasmo is doing his - what do your spells look like, Phantasmo? Like what do you do.

NICK: Um…

AUSTIN: Are they words you say? Are they, is it a series of hand gestures? Is it throwing - 

ART: A big loud invisibility spell is not a good idea.

AUSTIN: Generally - but generally, what are the, what are the components of it?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Generally speaking.

NICK: Sorry, I didn’t get that last part, you’re breaking…

ART: Oh, Austin, do you - 

AUSTIN: Oh, what are, uh, what are - sorry, generally speaking, what are the sorts of things you do when you cast a spell?

NICK: Um, I… when, when Phantasmo’s casting, his voice shifts in, like his voice sounds like it 
suddenly takes on reverb? 

AUSTIN: Ooh, okay.

NICK: Uh, and…

AUSTIN: So they’re spoken?

NICK: They’re spoken, there are a couple of like, small, like hand gestures.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Like for invisibility, I have to touch the, the thing, and then do this.

AUSTIN: Okay, and then you like, vanishes it - 

NICK: Well I’m doing, people can’t, people can’t do that, but.

AUSTIN: Oh yeah people can’t see.

NICK: Can’t see that I guess, but.

AUSTIN: He put his hand on his chest.

NICK: I’m moving my hand down.

AUSTIN: Past… your face, as if to like wipe away your existence.

NICK: Yeah. I’m doing the you can’t see me move.

AUSTIN: So he’s doing that - And then the door - right, he’s John Cena-ing. And then the, the door opens up, and in come this little round skeleton with a broom, who… is shaking it at you, and approaching quickly.

NICK: So does my spell fizzle? Or…

AUSTIN: Yeah, your spell has fizzled, at this point.

NICK: Okay, so - 

AUSTIN: or it interrupts you, let’s say. He interrupts you - 

NICK: He interrupts my concentration.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yes. Yes.

NICK: Sure. Okay. Uh.

AUSTIN: Actually! Is it funnier if it works? It is. You’re gone. Zip!

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: There’s no, like, you’ve done it. 

KEITH: So - so - as soon as that door opens, Nick is invisible.

NICK: Yep.

AUSTIN: Phantasmo is gone!

KEITH: Didn’t tell us anything.

AUSTIN: Didn’t tell you a d- a word.

KEITH: Didn’t tell us a, anything, okay.

AUSTIN: And there’s a little - 

JACK: But did we see that - did we see that he was detecting magic? Like, so - 

ART: What does that look like?

AUSTIN: Uh, what’s that look like?

JACK: Is what happened - is what happened - did he like, did he like, did he do, did some weird reverb hand gesture thing happen?

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

NICK: Well, that’s a - 

JACK: And then the door flew open, and then he vanished.

ART: I don’t know how close we were all looking at him.

NICK: Detect Magic is a cantrip for me?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it is a cantrip for you, right.

NICK: So, like, it’s probably, if, if there is anything, there’s probably no spoken component to it? 

AUSTIN: Mm-hm.

NICK: Like it’s probably just like, I’m putting my, like, alright,

JACK: Ah, so - 

ALI: Yeah.

NICK: here’s, here’s my Detect Magic motion,

ALI: I mean - 

NICK: I just put put two fingers up to my temple. And then I look very - 

AUSTIN: Like, like, in Dragon Ball Z, you’d be tele- you’d be communicating telepathically. If you 
did this.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: That’s the sort of thing he’s doing. For like Vegeta’s defence.

KEITH: Or like Austin’s favorite show, Psych. Austin’s favorite show in the whole world, Psych.
ALI: It’s a great show.

AUSTIN: We’re not - we’re not going down this path on recorded - we’re not. We’re not.

ALI: I mean everyone’s sort of distracted anyone, until the skeleton.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Right. Everyone’s like doing their own thing - 

KEITH: It - so - eh -

ART: This is happening, right? Like, we all see this?

NICK: Yeah.

ART: The skeleton’s a real thing.

AUSTIN: The skeleton is a real thing!

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: And it’s shaking its broom at you all!

KEITH: That doesn’t seem super threatening!

JACK: I don’t think this is very hostile. No!

ART: I’m not super threat- I mean it’s hostile. I’m not threatened.

ALI: Yeah, I’m also not threatened.

KEITH: Can -

AUSTIN: Somebody roll, uh - 

JACK: Me and Ali can - 

KEITH: So he, Nick, you said he’s chattering his teeth, can Art hear what, what, can uh, can Hadrian hear what he’s saying?

AUSTIN: Who is - okay. What?

KEITH: You said - 

AUSTIN: No one can hear - he’s not making any sounds.

KEITH: Oh, okay. Just chattering.

AUSTIN: He doesn’t have any mouth, guys. He’s just a skeleton, he doesn’t have any like, there’s nothing there.

KEITH: Okay, yes.

ART: Is it evil?

ALI: Oh?

AUSTIN: Is that a spell, or do you just do that? This is a thing I should’ve asked before.

ART: I just - I just do it, I, it, I have to, I have to concentrate.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: And I’ll read you the exact thing, if you want.

AUSTIN: Hm. Yeah, read me the exact thing.

ART: Pray for guidance, even for a moment, and ask, “What here is evil?” The GM will tell you honestly.

AUSTIN: No. This is not evil.

ART: And we went through that you, Austin, could do this.

AUSTIN: Yeah. You are not, this thing is not evil. Uh,

JACK: Is there anything that - 

AUSTIN: what it is doing - wait! Uh! One second! Uh, Art, do me a favor and roll 1D4.

ART: Uh… okay. 1D4, coming up.

NICK: I’m so happy that I got us in trouble.

KEITH: Yeah, it’s been only me.

ART: A 3!

AUSTIN: What it is doing, is stabbing you in the face with its broom. Take 3 damage, Art.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: This little skeleton is - 

ART: That’s a pretty good broom. I just wanna - 

AUSTIN: Slams it - 

ALI: Yeah, that’s - that’s a sharp - 

AUSTIN: I mean it jabs it right at your face.

KEITH: That’s a fucked up broom.

AUSTIN: Eh! Just, hits you right in the face with it.

ALI: I guess it got like some, nose action a little bit? I…

AUSTIN: Well yeah!

NICK: It’s a, it’s a really old broom, the bristles are super stiff.

AUSTIN: Oh, sorry! It’s the - it’s the, it’s the blunt side of the broom. To be clear.

NICK: Oh okay.

ALI: Ohh, okay.

AUSTIN: He’s using it like a staff. He’s - 

ART: Ohhh.

KEITH: Yeah, I was - that’s what I was picturing, but that’s still, like.

AUSTIN: Sorry, my bad.

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Just to be clear.

JACK: Does anybody know here if it’s possible to incapacitate a skeleton? Wh- uh, 

KEITH: If - I just wanna pau-

JACK: I mean there’s no way - we can communicate with it, right?

KEITH: I wanna pause here one 

AUSTIN: That’s not true!

KEITH: second, and say that if it sounds like I’m yelling, it’s because I feel like I have to talk over 
my roommates, who are playing music so loud... that my room is shaking.

AUSTIN: I can’t hear it at all. None of us can hear it.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: I can 

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

KEITH: see it showing up on my wav file so I’ll just have to do some noise can-

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: noise removal stuff?

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: But it’s fine, most likely.

AUSTIN: Good news, I’m also still recording this with OBS, so, um.

KEITH: If my file is unusable then we can use that, but.

AUSTIN: Just in case. Yeah we can just drop that, but.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I’m gonna also clear these dice, cause I’m gonna, I’m getting confused.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I’m easily confused.

ART: Okay. Um. I mean we can’t - I don’t know how we can - I can, I can talk to it.

AUSTIN: You can talk to it.

ART: I mean, I can talk to it, but it can’t talk to us, right?

AUSTIN: That’s correct.

ART: We’ve established that.

JACK: What I’m, yeah, what I’m saying is - 

ALI: Well, will it understand like gestures?

AUSTIN: It will understand Art’s words, straight up.

ART: Yeah I can talk to it.

ALI: Oh okay.

AUSTIN: Because he has that thing.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Oh! Wait! Maybe we could get it to write something! We’ve got paints!

ART: That’s so - that’s - that’s such a bad idea!

KEITH: That’s a great idea! No, I’m totally with Jack on this.

ALI: That’s a - 

JACK: No! We’ve got our first - 

NICK: Wait, you guys - 

ART: But it just hurt me!

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah! Cause it’s so - 

NICK: You guys don’t know that the paints were… I only noticed that because I detected that they were magical.

JACK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Right. He knows that they’re magic, no, but everyone can see that they’re, that they’re 
usable. 

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But he kno- but uh, Phantasmo knows that they’re magical.

NICK: Oh okay.

JACK: Alright, yeah!

KEITH: So - 

JACK: I’m not necessarily gonna advocate no- non-lethality all the time. Fuck it, kill him, Hadrian. 

ART: Uh - I mean I’m not - 

AUSTIN: We went from - 

ART: I’m not necessarily advocating lethality, but he hurt - he hit me, I’m gonna hit him, like.

AUSTIN: He’s gonna hit - he’s gonna hit you again.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: He’s waiting to do it.

KEITH: Wait - have you tried yelling at him?

ALI: Yeah, have you said anything yet?

KEITH: Have you said anything?

AUSTIN: No one has said a word.

JACK: Can we maybe cut his legs off?

KEITH: Yeah, like, it wouldn’t, it wouldn’t take you any extra time to just go like, whoa whoa whoa, we’re cool! Stop it, please!

ALI: Yeah.

ART: No, he’s gonna hit me again!

AUSTIN: He’s gonna hit you again.

KEITH: Then take the - take the damage!

AUSTIN: Respond. What do you do?

ART: I - I shout

HADRIAN: Go away!

And I swing my thing at him!

AUSTIN: Uh, that sounds like Hack & Sla- are you…

KEITH: That’s fucked up.

AUSTIN: Are you rolling to hurt him? Are you going to hurt him, are you trying to hurt him? The skeleton.

ART: I don’t know how you hurt a skeleton with a slashing weapon!

AUSTIN: It’s a - it’s a collection of bones.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You’ll hit it.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You don’t know what will happen. You’ve never fought a skeleton man before.

ART: Right. I’ve never st- but it sure doesn’t seem like a good thing.

AUSTIN: So, but if you, t- are you trying to hit it? Or are you just trying to scare 
him away?

ALI: Yeah, why don’t you - 

ART: I’m trying to hit it.

AUSTIN: Okay!

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: That’s a Hack & Slash.

KEITH: Art’s trying to hit it.

ART: He didn’t - he did almost - he did a third of my maximum health.

JACK: Oh, whoa, yeah, I think - 

ART: Not a third, uh, an eighth.

AUSTIN: Not a third! An eighth. Okay, that’s a big difference.

KEITH: I - I see - there’s a big difference between a third and an eighth, but. I - I see, 
uh, Hadrian going to attack.

AUSTIN: Ha- uh huh.

KEITH: Uh, and as he’s doing that, I would like to… do a sort of, jump-transform combo, into a 
bear.

AUSTIN: To interfere? Is that what you’re doing here? What are you doing?

KEITH: No no no, I’m, I’m being like okay, so it looks like we’re just gonna fucking do this. So I’m helping.

AUSTIN: Okay, that’s fine. 

Let’s resolve - before you do that, 

KEITH: I’m also attacking.

AUSTIN: let’s resolve, let’s resolve, let’s resolve this Hack & Slash first.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Art, give me a Hack & Slash.

JACK: Wait, sorry, does Hadrian have a +1D4 for my,

AUSTIN: Oh!

JACK: performance on the beach?

AUSTIN: Wait! Uh, no, that was, that was scenes ago at this point, let’s say.

JACK: Oh, it - 

ART: It was one scene ago.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: And it went really badly, that’s why I’m.

JACK: But we never used it.

AUSTIN: Uh, what’s your plus to that? Here’s the other thing. Oh, that’s, that’s fine, you’re both 
using kind of long things, that’s fine. Uh. What - what’d you roll?

ART: Um. Sorry, everything’s on one PDF, it’s annoying.

AUSTIN: You should print these out.

ART: I don’t have a printer!

AUSTIN: Oh, brother.

ART: What kind of fancy person do you think I am.

ALI: Go to the library…

ART: That’s a 7.

AUSTIN: Okay. Hack & Slash, when you attack an enemy in melee, roll plus Strength. On a 
10+, you deal your damage to the enemy and avoid their attack. At your option, you may choose 
to do +1D6 damage but expose yourself to the enemy attack. On 7-9, you deal your 
damage to the enemy, and the enemy makes an attack against you. So, you, how are you, what 
are you doing here? You’re kind of like s… are you -

ART: I’m hitting it with the sharp part.

AUSTIN: So you’re like, you’re like swinging it low, at it then? Okay.

ART: Yeah…

AUSTIN: Uh, do your damage.

ART: So it’s base damage plus the modifier?

AUSTIN: No, it’s base damage plus if your weapon has a modifier.

ART: Right, the weapon’s modifier.

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: Right. So it’s a D10+1.

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: So it’s 4 plus 1 is 5.

AUSTIN: And you’re aiming for its legs? Is what you were doing?

ART: Do I have - I don’t think I have that much ability - no that was something someone 
suggested.

AUSTIN: It was.

ART: I didn’t know that I had that much control.

AUSTIN: Yeah!

ART: Uh… I don’t know, I think I was just, I’m, I’m good with the, I hit the, uh, torso.

AUSTIN: Alright. You slam, you slam into its torso, and it goes flying into a billion parts. It chatters a few times, uh, and then stops.

ALI: This is sad.

AUSTIN: There’s just bones all over the floor.

KEITH: I mean you - you - 

ART: And there’s just - there’s just a big bear next to the - 

JACK: Yeah, Ali! I was - I was advocating - 

KEITH: I was gonna be a bear.

AUSTIN: Yeah, well, it’s dead - it’s - done. 

KEITH: I know.

AUSTIN: You stopped it.

JACK: I was gonna get us to - get it to do us a picture. What if it lived here?

ALI: Yeah!

NICK: Aw.

AUSTIN: In the - in the…

ALI: It definitely lived here.

AUSTIN: In the bones, you find, uh, a duplicate set of the keys that Jack had found, or that,

JACK: Goddammit, it lived here.

AUSTIN: that Lem had found.

ART: It hit me with its broom!

KEITH: You were in its house!

AUSTIN: What do you do?

ALI: I was definitely going for defense!

ART: Someone’s not a good evil fighter. I just wanna throw that out.

ALI: I’m just saying!

ART: Come on now.

ALI: I wasn’t making the move! Me as a player.

NICK: I wanted to see Fero do his 360 kickflip into bear.

AUSTIN: Well, speaking of things! Also! The Great Phantasmo is gone.

NICK: Yep.

JACK: Oh! Yeah, we should probably try and communicate with him in some way? Like, 
shouting, where are you? Where did you go? You know, standard.

FERO: Tazzy!

ALI: Yeah, I -

KEITH: I yell - I yell for Tazzy. Roll for yell.

NICK: Oh, Tazzy, that’s your nickname?

AUSTIN: Uh huh.

NICK: Um. I say.

PHANTASMO: Is the skeleton creature dead?

[AUTUMN02]

NICK: I say:

FANTASMO: Is the skeleton creature dead?

HADRIAN: It looks like it.

FERO: Yeah, it’s dead.

FANTASMO: Somebody check-

HELLA: Shouldn’t we like- Is it for sure dead?

AUSTIN: It’s not movin’.

HELLA: Should we like, separate the bones?

KEITH: I kick one of the bones and see if anything happens.

AUSTIN: Noth- --It, it --When you kick it, it turns to, to like dust.

HELLA: Aww, what a bummer!

FERO: Yeah. Hadrian killed the dude that lives here, now it’s dead again.

HADRIAN: This isn’t my fault. This just simply isn’t my fault.

NICK: Fantasmo reappears-

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: ...going like this.

KEITH: I, I remember my first impression of Hadrian. Which was that the spirits spoke to me of a great danger that follows Hadrian. I remember, I remember that.

ART: Ugh. You’re suppos- --Ugh. He was an unnatural creature!

JACK: Armed with a broom!

ALI: That’s rough.

KEITH: While you were in his house.

ALI: He was just a guy!

JACK: You are a monolith wearing plate armour, carrying like a halberd.

KEITH: You hit him once and he turned to dust.

ART: This is scale armour.

KEITH: All you did was-

ART: Scale is a different kinda armour.

KEITH: ...one blow and it turned to dust. You’re not that strong. 

ART: The hell I’m not!

AUSTIN: So what’re you, what’re you doing?

JACK: I think we’ve basically got everything we need to out of this room. We’ve searched it-

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: ...Hadrian’s killed somebody here.

ALI: Oh! Someone grabs the second pair of keys obviously, I guess I do.

AUSTIN: Sure. Yeah, you said.

JACK: Oh, yeah also could I, could I --What’s the nicest painting? Or wh-

NICK: Yeah, I’ll grab those. 

AUSTIN: Are you digging through them?

JACK: Yeah, is there a painting I particularly like or evaluate as being --Actually, can I do discern realities on the worth of the paintings please?

AUSTIN: There is --Who knows what these are worth. You’ll never know. Like, they’re not, there’s not much of an art --I mean, maybe in the New Archives there is. But like a lot of the value of a piece of art is being able to trace who did it and who, who that person was and what the value was, like then-

JACK: Alright.

NICK: Yeah there’s no providence with these paintings.

KEITH: This is painted by a skeleton man in a haunted tower.

AUSTIN: There is, there is a painting of two small.. --This takes you about five minutes. So while everyone else is, is, well I guess finishing up, you’re doing this. You’re flipping through the paintings that are stored and you find one that features the woman that I mentioned before which is, which is painted beautifully. It’s like a master at leisure painted this. It took them a long time to do this, you can see that the brushwork was careful and, and done with great love. 
NICK: Oh, so Genji.

AUSTIN: Wait, I’m not done yet. Yeah, yeah Genji.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: But then next to that person is another person of the same size and stature, an older man, big round features, tiny. Behind them is the, is the garden and that part of the painting with the man was also done with a great deal of love but was done by an amateur. Someone who hadn’t done much painting before but who worked really hard to, to paint this portrait of both of them together. 

JACK: Can I take it please?

AUSTIN: Sure. You roll it up-

ALI: This is rough stuff.

AUSTIN: ...and, and pack it away and take it. 

JACK: Is that one weight?

AUSTIN: That’s not any weight. That’s no weight.

JACK: That’s no weight?

AUSTIN: That’s no --It’s just a little-

ALI: We’re gonna, we’re gonna deal with a sad skeleton lady now.

JACK: Well maybe sad skeleton man.

AUSTIN: Oh no.

AUSTIN: What were you gonna say, what were you gonna say Fero?

KEITH: Oh I was gonna say, while Jack is doing that can I see if I can make friends with a nearby mouse?

AUSTIN: Okay.. The mice have bounced man.

KEITH: Oh man! 

AUSTIN: Someone started swingin’ weapons around, there was a loud clattering.

KEITH: Yeah.. Man.

ART: There was a skeleton monster!

NICK: Magical reverberation.

KEITH: He wasn’t a monster! He was a man.

ALI: All you got was a black eye.

JACK: And, let’s put it out here as well-

ART: I established it was a bloody nose.

LEM: There was nothing of value on that skeleton that we didn’t already have!

FANTASMO: It was a vile creature from beyond the grave! Who cares?

HADRIAN: Thank you!

FANTASMO: Let’s move on!

ALI: Well I guess now we have two sets of keys.

AUSTIN: Sure. So you, you head out?

JACK: Yeah.

ART: That didn’t look like a good life.

AUSTIN: And you’re -

ALI: All that bread and art? Buddy!

AUSTIN: And you- 

KEITH: Oh I’d love some nice bread right now.

AUSTIN: I know, me too. Someone bring me some good bread.

ALI: I just ate some. Some good bread.

KEITH: Ah some fuckin’ good bread.

AUSTIN: Can I get some jam downstairs?

KEITH: God damn I want some good bread!

AUSTIN: This is what we’re talking about. Welcome to Dungeon World, we’re gonna talk about stuff we wanna eat. I bet you this will happen every week

KEITH: What’s your fa-, what’s your favourite bread guys?

ALI: Italian.

KEITH: Italian bread?

AUSTIN: I like, I like a good french bread. 

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: There was a place in Brooklyn that had really good French bread.

NICK: French bread.

JACK: As a, yeah as a kind of salt and pepper bread.

AUSTIN: I like a good, I like a good biscuit? That, Ali that place we got biscuits..

KEITH: Here’s what I had-

ALI: Oh yeah Austin let’s get, Austin let’s get biscuits again.

NICK: I’m looking forward to my Thai curry leftovers that’re waiting for me as soon as we’re done.

AUSTIN: Mmm, that sounds alright. Alright! Alright, alright, alright.

KEITH: Wait, wait wait. I just wanna, one more thing. Last month I had a fuckin’ bread knot that was like an Italian white bread-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: ...twisted up with a, like a rye bread and baked.

AUSTIN: Oh that sounds goood.

KEITH: Goood!

ALI: That sounds really good.

AUSTIN: Mm. Eats!

KEITH: I had some honey on that and it was so good.

AUSTIN: Alright, we have to keep going otherwise I’m gonna die of hunger.

KEITH: Alright, let’s go to the tower, let’s go to the tower.

AUSTIN: You finish the little trek up to the tower. The tower is massive and if you can picture it it’s, it’s round in shape and then next to it on the bottom level is a big kind of boxy building attached to the bottom level. It has its own entrance that seems to be filled in with solid stone sheet, but there is an archway that’s filled with the solid stone sheet. There is, to the tower itself big wooden doors with a with big iron handles on it. 

ALI: Can I use my Bend Bars Lift Gates move to try to open it?

AUSTIN: Which, which thing? The main door or the big, the big stone door on the square building?

ALI: The like big wooden door?

ART: Has anyone tried knocking?

AUSTIN: You need to, you don’t have to. 

JACK: Oh, that’s rich coming from you!

AUSTIN: Ali’s already opening them. Ali rips open those doors. You open those, you open those big wooden doors.

KEITH: Art, knocking is like the worst idea!

AUSTIN: Ali, you open the wooden doors no problem, you don’t even need to use the move.

ALI: Okay, okay.

AUSTIN: You just, you just. They’re big wooden doors but they’re openable. So that’s those open, and as you look inside there is this big, dark room. It’s lit by, by these crystals that’re in sconces around the wall. They’re kind of a blue-purple light. It’s a big open space like a, like a giant entry hall that has at the far end a balcony with two staircases coming down. The left, or one staircase coming down, the left side has already broken and it’s under complete disrepair. There are bits of it here and there hanging out of the side of the wall but there’s no way you could climb it. At the bottom level there is --It’s almost, it’s almost like a big multi-purpose room where you could see where it could be used for, for organising people or meeting, big meetings, big events. But it’s kind of like all of that stuff is in the corners. There’s tables in the corners and chairs. There’s little, there’s another, not little, there’s another one of those archways with the solid stone door. Or like, not even a, it’s not a door, it’s a solid stone sheet going straight down to the bottom of the, of the floor. And also scattered around the place are like, just like trash cans and like trash like receptacles.

ART: Is this a convention centre?

AUSTIN: It’s sort of like a convention centre this bottom floor. Y’know, it’s the sort of place --Art, you would recognise this, Hadrian would recognise this as the sort of place that you bring in people, you don’t do the service here, do you know what I mean? But like, your church compound probably has a room like this. It’s kind of a big multi-purpose public room, y’know?

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: And then at the top is the stairway that goes up higher into --Or, I guess it’s a, it’s a --You kind of like go to the back and then go up and there’s a stairway that goes like in and then up through the next like level.

ART: Is this the kind of place that you would have a funeral or a celebration?

AUSTIN: Both.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: Good question but both, depends.

JACK: Just before we start searching this room can I take a really tiny break?

AUSTIN: Sure.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: I’ll be back in just like 30 seconds.

AUSTIN: Sounds good. Oh boy.

KEITH: Why-

AUSTIN: What’s up?

NICK: Actually-

KEITH: I, I remembered that the thing that I was thinking of earlier-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: ...and its alright if it’s too late to change it. When you said ‘What animal?’ and I said gila monster. The thing that I was thinking of was a komodo dragon.

AUSTIN: That’s what I thought. I did say komodo dragon.

KEITH: Oh, you did?

AUSTIN: I did. And then you were like, a gila monster. Those are, I believe you that they’re very different. Those are the same thing in my brain.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah that’s why I made the mistake. Komodo dragons are like ten times as big.

AUSTIN: Are they??

KEITH: Yeah, yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: I believe you.

KEITH: Gila monsters yeah are like, are like a thing that you could have in a tank in your house if it was big enough.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

NICK: I’ve had a friend that had gila monsters.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: I was picturing the drakes from countforce

KEITH: Yeah, that’s what I was picturing too.

AUSTIN: Oh right sure, sure those. I’m now looking at komodo dragons while Jack is away. These are big.

KEITH: The problem is that --Yeah, they are big.

AUSTIN: Gila monster has the word monster in it.

NICK: They’re cool-looking too.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah it has the word monster so it’s like damn that’s gotta be fuckin’ big. But it’s like no it’s like a foot long.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you think those people were over-reacting when they called a gila monster a gila monster?

KEITH: Yeah I absolutely do. Or they were, they were very small. Like a foot tall.

AUSTIN: Like the people were?

KEITH: Yeah the people who discovered it were a foot tall.

AUSTIN: Right. I’m gonna look this up, I’m wondering why they’re called that. Maybe they were just really sheltered. They’d never seen anything before.

KEITH: Yeah. Aaah It's a --The only other thing I’ve seen in my life was a moth!

KEITH: What is this monster?

JACK: Alright, I’m back.

AUSTIN: Welcome back. I guess gila monsters are mon- or, are venomous, right?

KEITH: I think that’s a myth.

AUSTIN: No, this says they’re monsters, or, they’re venomous.

KEITH: Okay.

JACK: They’re also monsters.

KEITH: Oh, the myth is that they’re way more venomous than they actually are. 

AUSTIN: Oh, sure, sure, sure.

KEITH: Yeah, the myth is that they’re fatal and they’re actually not fatal.

AUSTIN: Not a big D.

KEITH: Yeah, not a big D at all. 

AUSTIN: Little d, okay.

KEITH: Yeah, a teeny little d.

AUSTIN: Hmm.

JACK: So we’ve got this, we’ve got this enormous room.

AUSTIN: Yep.

LEM: Does anybody have a particular interest in... I mean, I don’t know what our, what our strategy here should be, are we trying to get to the.. From my perspective the thing that is possibly causing stuff in a tower is either at the top of the tower or very, very deep underneath the tower. So I’m not entirely sure whether or not there’s-

AUSTIN: Why do you think that?

JACK: Why do I think that? Past ex-

AUSTIN: Why does Lem think that?

JACK: Past experience with towers.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

JACK: You know, partly from actual towers that we’ve found and catalogued and things.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: And also just from the general cultural --There’s a, there’s a mythological, cultural through-line of towers, villainous towers being powered by stuff at the top and bottom.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: So I don’t know whether or not --Shall we just, shall we just push forward? What do people think?

KEITH: I think that before we decide whether to go up or down we should hang out and look around in the bottom, the bottom floor.

ALI: Yeah, we should do discern realities.

AUSTIN: How long, how long do you guys- 

KEITH: Is there --Are we --Have we already seen the entirety of the bottom floor?

AUSTIN: You’ve see the entirety of the bottom floor minus that, that big building that’s attached to the tower. There’s a, that there’s this solid stone doorway into.

FERO: Now Lem, I hear you on this top and bottom thing, I do. But I’m thinking maybe the sealed off area is probably an important place?

LEM: Yeah alright, let’s give that a shot.

KEITH: Yeah, what’s the --Can I find from the inside where it looks like the wall would be? Like, is there a doorway to that thing from the inside?

AUSTIN: Yeah, there’s another --There’s a duplicate of that archway, that solid stone sheet, inside and outside. Those, those kind of archways in that’ve been shut off with the stone sheet are the way in.

KEITH: Okay.

ART: Hey, around about what time is it?

AUSTIN: I’m gonna say it’s like 1 pm.

KEITH: Okay.

ART: Okay, so I don’t have to do ch- --I’m, I’m not in desperate time fronts.

AUSTIN: By 5pm you should do it. Like by, by evening, by the time the sun starts to set, let's say. By the time the sun starts to set you must have worshipped the sun god that day, y’know?

KEITH: Okay, yeah.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: The god that put the sun in the sky, so.

ART: But I got, I got time.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, can I --Are there any cracks in the walls big enough for a small thing?

AUSTIN: Nah.

KEITH: No? Like not even a mouse?

AUSTIN: This is solid.

KEITH: Solid? Dang.

ALI: This is a --Is this an inanimate obstacle that I can get past?

AUSTIN: Is it?

ALI: That’s literally my only move, so-

AUSTIN: I mean, you have other moves, just they’re weird and different. But yes!

ALI: Right.

AUSTIN: Yes, you could, you could try to lift it. You know like get down there and put your fingers in and try to find purchase and lift it? Or are you gonna try to --How are you gonna try to get through?

ALI: I’m brawly, I’ll do that.

AUSTIN: Alright.

ALI: Okay.

KEITH: Should I wait until Hella rolls, goes, before I aid or interfere?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, let Hella finish this, let Hella finish this move yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I’m --Y’know it’s not very clear if aid/interfere should come before or after a roll, and I, I’m gonna play it fast and loose and say that there are times when it makes sense to be before and times when it makes sense to come after? Kind of like, what’s the most dramatically appropriate. Does that make sense?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: In this case, let’s save it and see if she can do it herself.

ALI: So-

ART: Wait, I have a, I have a question?

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: Would it be appropriate for, for anyone to just turn into a bear while this is happening?

KEITH: Are you-

ART: Just like, while waiting, does anyone wanna be a bear?

KEITH: Are you asking me to be a bear right now?

ART: I’m just, I’m just teasing-

AUSTIN: He’s teasing.

ART: ...because of the time I attacked something, and you were a bear.

KEITH: I was trying to help you out! I was like okay, while he’s doing it I’m gonna j-, I’m gonna start on my shit, so we can double-

AUSTIN: Right. I should’ve said this before, but the way, the way dungeon world-

ART: And it was funny.

AUSTIN: It was funny. The way dungeon world positions itself, it’s sort of like it’s a conversation between the players and the gm and if a player says something then the gm says something, if the gm says something the player says something. In general I wanna resolve moves one at a time. So like, even if fictionally you would be turning into a bear while that was happening, that’s the, that’s kind of how we’re gonna do it.

NICK: Okay.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So, Ali.

ALI: I def-, I definitely just rolled a four.

AUSTIN: Cool.

ALI: Which isn’t great.

AUSTIN: Bend bars lift gates ‘when you use strength to destroy an inanimate obstacle roll plus strength. On a 10+ choose three, on a 7-9 choose two.’. Those options, just for the record, would’ve been: it doesn’t take a very long time, nothing of value is damaged, it doesn’t make an inordinate amount of noise, you can fix the thing again without a lot of effort. But on a four, that doesn’t really, that doesn’t super happen.

ALI: No?

ART: Four plus modifier?

AUSTIN: No, two plus modifier.

ALI: Yeah that was a bad roll.

ART: It was snake eyes, it was snake eyes!

AUSTIN: Snake eyes.

ALI: That was a rough roll.

AUSTIN: How are you trying, how are you trying to get through this place again?

ALI: Well, it’s just like a metal-

AUSTIN: It’s like a- 

ALI: ...like a stone sheet right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. So are you..? Were you trying to lift it, were you trying to punch through it, were you trying to like just break it down? Like, what’s the..?

ALI: I guess, I was tryna’ lift it so people could like sneak under it?

AUSTIN: Okay, you just can’t get it up. Like it just is not moving at all from, from the lift. You can tell that it, it does move up. Like you can, you can feel that this isn’t just concrete. That there --It should be able slide upwards, but you’ve never felt anything this heavy in your life. You can’t, you can’t lift it. While-

FERO: Lem, Lem I’m still on you top and bottom thing, maybe it needs a lever??

AUSTIN: With, with this, while she’s doing this, you hear a bell ringing from above you. 

JACK: What sort of a bell?

AUSTIN: Those of you, those of you who have lived in kind of posh civilisation before? Posh for post-post-fantasy-apocalypse, which means, I’m thinking Fantasmo and I’m thinking Lem here, maybe, maybe Hadrian. Know that it’s a dinner bell.

JACK: Oh! Noo, oh noo. This is not a good situation! Right okay-

ALI: It’ll distract everyone maybe?

JACK: Is there any way we could find, is there any way we could find keyholes, possible keyholes, or mechanisms. Like, a concern-

AUSTIN: How much time do you guys wanna spend down here on this level, I guess is my question, searching?

KEITH: I’m mostly done down here.

JACK: I’m curious as to what’s-

AUSTIN: Like, how closely do you look through this place?

ALI: I guess we’re just giving it a quick glance and then moving on?

ART: I think I’m trying to find a defendable position at this point.

AUSTIN: Where okay.

ART: If things are gonna come to eat..

AUSTIN: Nothing comes --How long do you wait, after that bell?

ART: To, I don’t understand your question, to do what?

ALI: Well, once we hear the bell all of us go, right?

AUSTIN: What do you do when you hear the bell?

ART: Like I move to, to a, to what I think is a defendable position. Maybe, like near the stairs, near the, the-

AUSTIN: Sure. Okay, so you’re standing like near the stairs-

ART: ...is, is lectern a word that you would use to describe-

AUSTIN: There is. There, there, yeah, but those are like off in the cor- --I’m picturing this as kind of like-

KEITH: Maybe like a parapet?

AUSTIN: No, you’re not near any parapets. I don’t think. You can be by the stairs kind of hidden behind, let’s say, a little table that you can pull out and put in front of the stairs.

NICK: Let’s hope it’s not a pair-o’-pets that’re coming to eat us.

AUSTIN: Nailed it. Nothing, but nothing comes down the stairs. 

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: You can hear activity from up there, but nothing’s coming down the stairs.

KEITH: Alright, I’m --I vote, let’s go up those stairs, is what I say.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: To Lem’s question earlier, you look and look and don’t find any keyholes. There’s no keyholes.

JACK: Alright. Yeah, no.

AUSTIN: There’s nothing hidden in this room that you can tell, you could spend-

NICK: Fantasmo moves behind the big armoured guy standing on the stairs.

AUSTIN: Good call.

ART: These stairs are positioned --These are --It’s a spiral, it’s a, its a flight system?

AUSTIN: This is a, this is a flight up to a balcony that then has a second flight up to the actual next floor.

ART: Okay so visibility is, is not great but not terrible.

AUSTIN: Good for this this whole floor, this is a big floor. These floors are gigantic in si-, in height. There aren’t many, there aren’t many of them that, that you can tell. That’s based mostly on Jack looking at the floors from outside and based on, or based on Lem looking at the floors from outside, and based on Fero flying up past it. You can kind of tell there are only a handful of floors but they’re big, huge things.

ART: Sure, but like, I’m not gonna --Y’know the, the stairs are clear.

AUSTIN: These stairs up are clear, the second flight up you can’t see from down here.

ART: Alright, so yeah I guess I y’know start moving up-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: With I gu-, I assume, I weird collection of people amassed behind me.

AUSTIN: That seems to be the case.

KEITH: I’m, I’m going to-

AUSTIN: Yeah what is the order here? So Hadrian’s at the front..

KEITH: I well, I was going to --I was next to the stairs when I decided this, to transform into a hummingbird.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

NICK: Can I try to --Knowing what, knowing what we’ve seen of the inside of this tower-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: ...and combining it with what you said previously, that I recognised the architecture as being built by the university. Right?

AUSTIN: Mhm. Yes, by, by --With the same, like the kind of automated construction constructions. You have con-, the university had constructs that would build them things, even when you were there.

NICK: Sure, right.

AUSTIN: At the time there were only a few left functioning so they built little things for you. But back in the old days you heard stories of the great construct constructors that worked for the university to build magical sites.

NICK: Did we do that for other people? Like, did people contract the constructs?

AUSTIN: There --It’s hard to know-

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: ...because, y’know, it’s, that’s a very political thing. 

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Did they --Was this a joint effort between the university and y’know someone else? Did the university say it was their doing? Did they do it on the sly without any record? As someone from the university the ones that you do know of, of that happening, it’s all very like ‘oh we did this, this was ours’.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: But who knows for real, y’know?

NICK: Right.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Did the United States build military bases for foreign count-, for foreign, for foreign powers?

NICK: Can I, can I see if, can I like make a spout lore check to see if I can recall anything based on the layout of this building and, and the outside the-

AUSTIN: I’m gonna say you know, based on that former one, that ones covers what you know about this place.

NICK: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Y’know what I mean?

NICK: Alright, sure, fair enough.

AUSTIN: There could be individual things that we could see going forward in here that you might be able to spout lore on, but right now there hasn’t been anything new for you to think about.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: So you guys go up the stairs. Hadrian’s up front, Fero is a hummingbird.

KEITH: I’m a hummingbird.

ALI: I’m in the back.

AUSTIN: Okay so, so big, big, people in the front and the back. 

ALI: Right.

KEITH: Oh by the way, I have hold four? On that?

AUSTIN: Okay, so you can make four moves as a hummingbird.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Can we not let the hummingbird go?

KEITH: Yeah, that’s what, my plan is to kinda be a little stealthy bird.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: Stealthy little bird.

ART: Can’t we like stop at the landing and let him go?

AUSTIN: Wait, I have a question. How do you have hold four? 

KEITH: Oh, is that not the maximum?

AUSTIN: No, three is the max.

KEITH: Three? Then I have hold three.

AUSTIN: It’s three and then two, yeah, okay.

KEITH: Yeah. Okay.

ART: So we’re all at the landing?

AUSTIN: Yep.

ART: Unless there’s like a giant there, then we don’t do that 

AUSTIN: There’s no giant here. There is a landing and then there is a stairway up that’s in a kind of enclosed thing. Do you know what I mean? It goes up past the ceiling of this level to the next level-

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: ...which is far away up a kind of looong enclosed stairway.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: You can see light from the top.

ALI: Does the-

AUSTIN: From the next level.

ALI: Does the landing lead to anything like a doorway or..?

AUSTIN: No. There’s a big mural that’s faded quite a bit here. But it is of --You can see a tower on the, on the mural, but you can’t make out any other details than the tower. You can make out the tower and you can see that it’s daytime, you can see like bits of sunrays around the tower like it’s, it’s kind of trying to communicate the daytime. That’s about all you can make out on this giant, huge mural. I’m talking like, like it’s as long as a bus and as tall as --Like, y’know it’s like a Times Square mural, y’know?

JACK: Mm, yeah. So this is definitely --This is not some rinky-dink tower. There was like, there was absolutely, yeah, there was something definitely-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: This was a place where a lot of stuff was happening.

KEITH: While they’re on this landing I’m gonna-

AUSTIN: Yep.

KEITH: I’m gonna head up the stairs a little bit. Staying, y’know out of sight of --And try and see if I can see anything that’s going on on this next floor.

AUSTIN: Mhm. You don’t see-

NICK: Is there anything-

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

NICK: Is there anything meaningful to --Nevermind, you should probably go on ahead.

AUSTIN: Not, not on this landing, not on this landing. I’ve told you everything on this floor.

NICK: Nothing, nothing in the, the mural I mean? That’s meaningful to me?

AUSTIN: I’ve told you what’s left of the mural is it’s, it’s a --You can make out that there is a tower and that it was sunny.

NICK: Sure, okay.

AUSTIN: And like but there --It’s faded, it has not been cared for.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: I just stumbled into a cool thing that I hadn’t thought about but is really cool. Sorry!

KEITH: Okay. No, no magic paints here though?

AUSTIN: Yeah! You recognise that these are the same paints that-

KEITH: Oh, they are the same paints.

AUSTIN: These are the same types of paints.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: I’ll tell you the thing I just thought. That person, one of you can put this together, that person should have been taking care of this painting, and instead was painting his wife. You go up to the next floor-

ART: Feeling better and better about killing him by the way.

AUSTIN: Yeah, great.

KEITH: Yeah, because he was painting his wife instead of taking care of a dumb painting?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Yeah!

ART: Because he wasn’t doing his job?

ALI: Let that man live!

AUSTIN: He was using, he was using paint, that paint, to paint his wife and his garden and nature. Instead of-

ART: Sounds like, sounds like blasphemy to me.

KEITH: He sounds like a sweet man!

AUSTIN: Next floor!

KEITH: I love nature I’m a druid.

AUSTIN: You fly up to the next floor as a hummingbird-

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: ...and you hear clanks and clattering and it’s very active. But it’s not like combatative, it’s like really hyperactive. As you come to the next landing you see a lo- --It’s so bright. The sun is, is --Say it’s like 1:32 now, the sun is streaming in through these giant beautiful windows. You can see out onto the islands that are off in the distance.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Y’know, you can see dolphins in the distance, jumping out of the sea. It’s gorgeous. But it’s kind of --It’s super bright, that’s like the first thing you see as you hit the top of the f-, of the stairs.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It’s so bright that like your first instinct is like ‘This is too bright! This isn’t-’

KEITH: Yeah, mhm.

AUSTIN: This is like your eyes hurt from being downstairs in the barely lit-

KEITH: My little birdy eyes can’t handle it.

AUSTIN: The second --Yeah, your little birdy eyes, woof it’s rough. The second thing you notice is that it’s a big empty room. It’s a gigantic empty room there’s no furniture anywhere. There’s long rolled out carpets with red and, and gold trim. There are sconces on the walls here that are, are not lit currently. And then, it takes you a second to like put together what it is you’re looking at, but there are hundreds of plates lined up one after another , after another. With forks and knives laid out. And, just sitting there. And that’s what you see from this distance. You can’t tell what’s on the plates and in the bowls. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Those are all on the floor, let me be clear.

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: They’re on the floor. Does the, does the clanking sound like it’s coming from this room?

AUSTIN: Not from this room, from an adja-, from an adjoining room, which you can see there are a number of hall-, there are a number of doors that lead into a room on the side, on the right side. So what I’m saying is like, you come up and then straight ahead is the huge open windows and this huge banquet hall and on the, and on the left side a painting that’s been fading. And then on the right side are doors into where that sound is coming from.

KEITH: Okay, and you said there were like big windows?

ALI: But like-

AUSTIN: Huge windows.

KEITH: The lights --Yeah.

AUSTIN: Light is streaming in.

ALI: So, but Lem and the other two know, or can put together, that this is where...

AUSTIN: No-one else-

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: The only person who’s there is Fero.

ALI: Oh okay.

KEITH: Yeah, you guys are at the bottom of the stairs still.

AUSTIN: Everyone else is at the bottom of the stairs still.

ALI: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, Fero flew up ahead to peek as a hummingbird.

KEITH: I’m gonna t-, I’m gonna motion for them to- Can I communicate with them as a hummingbird?

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: How? I don’t, I don’t think so.

ALI: You can’t, you can’t like do a..

KEITH: I dunno I’m a druid and I have fuckin’ weird magic!

AUSTIN: No, I don’t think you can. If you were a bear or something, you could be like. But as a hummingbird I don’t-

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I think you have the limit of a hummingbird. You can’t communicate past-

ALI: Yeah, wings can’t move like arms.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Oh! Oh, wait no! Art has, Art has his language thing.

AUSTIN: He does!

KEITH: So I’m gonna talk to him, yeah.

ALI: Do hummingbirds have language?

KEITH: Art has his language thing, I’m gonna hummingbird at him:

FERO: Hey, come up and be careful. Kind of stay, stay down.

AUSTIN: Okay.

FERO: But come on up.

KEITH: And then I’m going to fly up to the ceiling. Above everything.

AUSTIN: Okay. It’s a very high ceiling, there are chandeliers, crystal chandeliers, up there.

KEITH: I’m gonna like perch on one of the chandeliers.

AUSTIN: Okay. You do.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Everyone else makes it up-

KEITH: How high up am I? Am I like twenty feet up?

AUSTIN: Forty feet up.

KEITH: Forty feet up?

AUSTIN: It’s a huge level, yeah.

KEITH: Okay, I’m gonna, I’m gonna go on the closest, the chandelier closest to the wall that the stairs are on.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You’re yeah, you’re there.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Everyone else can make it up fine, there’s no --You all walk into what I just described. Big empty banquet hall,-

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: ...huge bright windows, your eyes hurt for a second. Slowly they adjust to this new amount of light and on the, on the ground are, are plates with stuff on them.

NICK: I wanna do a detect magic.

ART: Wait, I wanna look at the plates.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo go ahead and roll detect magic.

NICK: Ooh, twelve.

AUSTIN: What do you --Tell me how detect magic works as a spell?

NICK: It is, one of your senses is briefly attuned to magic.

AUSTIN: Hm.

NICK: The GM will tell you what here is magical.

AUSTIN: What, what sense is attuned to magic? For you, right now.

NICK: I’m gonna go hearing because of the dinner bell before.

AUSTIN: Okay, yeah.

NICK: And because of the clanks and stuff that we heard from the next room.

AUSTIN: Yeah. You can in fact, you can still hear like the last echoes of that dinner bell bouncing around inside of here. Do you know what I mean? Like, you can still hear like the.

NICK: Sure.

KEITH: So a magic bell?

AUSTIN: So that’s, that’s magic. The clanking is magic, for sure, absolutely. And then you hear just the faintest, and this is --You can, you can hear it from above you, like a kind of percussive-

KEITH: Oh my god is this a magical ghost dance?

NICK: Is it, is it musical?

AUSTIN: Maybe.

KEITH: It sounds, it sounds like a waltz like for sure.

AUSTIN: I hate that you can see my face! This is the worst!

KEITH: No, no no.

AUSTIN: How am I supposed to lie to you??

KEITH: It’s-

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s a waltz. It’s a, it’s a little percussive waltz from above you.

JACK: But magical.

AUSTIN: But magical.

KEITH: Ghost waltz!

JACK: Yeah, no, this place seems pretty cool actually! This place is great! There’s waltzing, there’s food, there were some paintings and then Hadrian just killed a skeleton.

AUSTIN: Hadrian, Hadrian you approach the plate to take a look at it, you said?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: On it is --You get really close before you can see it. You’re taken aback at first because you’re not sure what you’re looking at, and then you realise you’re looking at like a chopped up arm rest that has like a lion on it? Like a lion --It’s like an armrest of a big nice throne chair and it’s been cut up and presented as if it’s the main mea-, as if it’s the main piece of like meat on a dinner plate. And then surrounding it are some like finely chopped wood like scraps, as if they’re vegetables. And then there are-

ART: Sorry, sorry, this is like a central platter or each individual plate has this?

AUSTIN: No each individual plate --This is the one that you look at. This is like a nice plate.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: There are also ones with the little metal nubbins that go on the bottom of chairs that are presented as if they’re vegetables. There are, there are a couple with like wilted flowers, that might have been centrepieces once, that’re now presented as if they’re the vegetables on a dinner plate. That’s what all of these plates-

ART: That’s weird.

JACK: These are all on the floor?

AUSTIN: Yes.

JACK: So there are no tables? 

AUSTIN: There are but they’re on the dinner plates.

KEITH: I, I wanna-

AUSTIN: There were tables-

JACK: Oh!

AUSTIN: ...that have now been cut up and made into dinner!

ART: That’s fuckin’ weird!

KEITH: I’m gonna t-, I’d like to make a discern realities roll?

AUSTIN: What’re you, what’re you doing? Tell me, don’t tell me you’re doing a roll. Like, what’re you doing?

KEITH: I’m going, I’m, I’m like trying to figure out like what-- I’m trying to figure out what all these plates are for and why they are lined up like this and why they contain a bunch of garbage.

AUSTIN: They’re dinner. They’re for dinner.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: This is how people line up --This is like a real nice dinner!

KEITH: No, no, no. Like I know that they’re for dinner. 

AUSTIN: Uhuh?

KEITH: I wanna understand, I want to like figure out like what is eating this for dinner. Is what I-

AUSTIN: Not --There are no signs --You succeed. There’s no-one here eating anything. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: As far as you can tell.

KEITH: No, no, no. I mean, what is-

AUSTIN: No-one has been here eating I don’t-

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: You can’t discern that like --There’s no-one here to eat this stuff as far as you can tell.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: I don’t know, maybe that skeleton man liked armchairs a lot? 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like, there’s no way for you to just figure that out from looking.

ART: Is it like dusty? Is this fresh?

AUSTIN: There are, there are varying degrees of dust. Some of these plates have, have been here for quite some time, some have been-

JACK: Is there-

KEITH: I remind, I remind Art that: 

FERO: The birds told us not to --Or, or the, like the birds probably wouldn’t like us eating, so don’t eat this arm rest.

ART: Don’t worry!

NICK: Can I-

JACK: Is there like a centrepiece dish in this room?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, there is.

JACK: What is it?

AUSTIN: It is, it’s like, it’s on --It’s actually not a centrepiece, it’s like the main --It’s like, it’s like at the end of the t-, it’s like a banquet table, where a banquet table would be, is a big bowl, as if for salad. And it’s like right in front of the big glass windows. And in there is a collection, it’s like a salad, but it’s made of forks and knives which have been bent in different shapes. Or, it could be like a collection of pasta, they look sort of like tortellini, that’ve been like bent into that shape. And then they’re like resting in the dinner bowls.

KEITH: I, I wanna tell Art to like, like:

FERO: Hey man, hey! Like, come on forward a little bit.

KEITH: And I wanna fly towards the source of the clanging and stuff.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

ART: Oh I’ll go in there no problem.

AUSTIN: Okay! As you approach the-

JACK: I would also like to go there.

AUSTIN: Okay. Is anyone not going there? Is anyone staying here?

KEITH: I wanna, I wanna tell Art specifically so that he can say like ‘Hey we’re going, we’re going this way’.

AUSTIN: Alright.

ART: Yeah, yeah.

HADRIAN: Hey, we’re going this way.

HELLA: Alright.

LEM: Excellent.

NICK: Before they go I warn them of what I’ve heard up there.

AUSTIN: Good call. Okay.

JACK: Okay.

NICK: But Fantasmo’s staying here because he’s fascinated by this, this strange scene.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Because he hasn’t seen something like this before and he, he needs to study it.

AUSTIN: Yeah, good call. The rest of you walk through little hallways in the back that’re kind of like --They’re not labyrinthine in that you can’t get turned around, but there are twists and turns that don’t make any sense. You’d have to be a real expert to know like --You guys can find your way to the sound okay, but it feels like there’s a whole system of secret passages that run not just on this level but up and down into different places in this tower. But, but you’re able to go right to the sound, and what do you do when you’re at the door?

ART: There’s a door?

AUSTIN: There’s a door. It’s a, it’s a, it’s a door that opens on hinges, it just opens by itself, it doesn’t --You don’t have to turn a handle.

KEITH: Does-

AUSTIN: It’s like a push door.

KEITH: Is there, is there room enough for me at the bottom for me to duck down and look under?

AUSTIN: No.

KEITH: No? Okay.

AUSTIN: No. There’s just not enough.

KEITH: Okay. I want to, I’m gonna fly. I fly up as close as I can get to the ceiling-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: ...and kind of hover there and I, I let Art know like:

FERO: If you wanna open this door you’d better open this door!

AUSTIN: Y’know?

KEITH: Yep. There’s --I say:

FERO: Keep in mind there were hundreds of plates.

HADRIAN: But no-one eating.

NICK: Is the clanking rhythmic at all? Or is it like chaos?

AUSTIN: Not --No. It’s rhythmic in, in that its practiced but there isn’t a musicality to it.

NICK: Right, okay.

AUSTIN: Or there is but it’s a sort of found musicality. Does that make sense?

NICK: But is it --Sure. It’s a more organic rhythm as opposed to a machine.

AUSTIN: Right. Yes.

KEITH: It’s --So you’re, so you’re all saying that it’s, it’s, it’s arhythmic with the waltz? 

AUSTIN: Yes, absolutely.

KEITH: Okay. 

JACK: I think we’re probably going to be dealing with some sort of machine here. Whether or not that’s an organic machine or like, you know like a, like a magical machine, or whether or not it’s some s- --Like, the thing I’m expecting is like some sort of weird like dishwashing system. Or-

ALI: So, what’s like the shape of the door? Is it rusted? Is it-

AUSTIN: It’s a pair --No, it’s in good shape. It’s a wooden door that is on hinges, that can be just like pushed open easily.

KEITH: Okay.

ALI: Can we like just kind of peek?

KEITH: I do, I wanna make-

AUSTIN: Sure! Do you peek?

ALI: Do I?

AUSTIN: You said! I dunno I --So, here’s a question, how would you know you could peek?

ALI: Well ‘cause-

AUSTIN: Are you guessing? Or are you trying it?

ALI: No, well ‘cause I’m sensing that I would just be able to push it open-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ALI: ...without any sort of like..

AUSTIN: Resistance or pulling, yeah, yeah, yeah.

ALI: Yeah! Or like-

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: ...knob-turning.

AUSTIN: Mhm. You could peek.

ALI: Like, mostly minimal noise because it’s not a rusted or rusty door.

AUSTIN: Yep. Probably, yeah.

ALI: So I just kinda like push it open like two inches.

AUSTIN: Alright! You peek in and you see just the cleanest kitchen you’ve ever seen in your life. Like, where y’all are from kitchens aren’t nice. Do you know what I mean? No-one does good clean kitchens. Again, maybe the university has some. Maybe, maybe Fantasmo can think about a time in his life where there was a kitchen that, that y’know did something like this. Or was this clean and this beautiful. But here it’s-

ART: First of all, how dare you?

AUSTIN: Y’know. It’s been rough times for everyone.

KEITH: Is it some Fantasia shit?

AUSTIN: This is some Fantasia shit. Inside are, are butcher knives going up and down, up and down on tables. There are people --There aren’t people. Sorry. There are bowls hanging in the air with, with whisks spinning things around inside of them. Right now the, the bowl has a collection of little nuts and bolts that it’s whisking around. And then on this huge long like, like a long grill, like as long as this room, not my room but the, the room that you’re in --Which I’m gonna say again is like a couple of buses long. Are massive, red, velvet curtains, hung like across this grill. Grilling, cooking. And like, they’re being they’re being chopped up and flipped and like prepared as if, as if they were meat.

ART: Okay. Would you say these count as NPCs?

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

ART: Okay. I’m gonna use, I’m gonna use a move.

AUSTIN: Okay, what’re you, what move are you gonna use?

ART: I’m gonna use ‘I am the law’. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: When you give an NPC an order based on your divine authority, blah, blah, blah..

AUSTIN: I mean, read it ‘cause people in the chat, people who’re listening wanna hear this.

ART: When you give an NPC an order based on your divine authority roll, roll plus charisma. On a 7+ they choose one: do what you say, back away cautiously and then flee, or attack you. And yeah I hope this room full of knives doesn’t decide to attack me.

AUSTIN: Sure. What’re you doing? So how, how are you using that move?

ART: Oh there’s like extra stuff. If I get a 10 it’s really good, if I get a 6 or lower it’s bad.

AUSTIN: Mhm. Yep, okay. What do you do? Remember the door is --Ali is, or Hella is peeking through the door. So what do you do from that point of her peeking through the door?

ALI: Yeah it’s only open like two inches.

ART: Can I like --I like kind of brush her back and like push the door open. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

HADRIAN: In the name of S-, of, of Samothes, King God, Crafter of the Sun and, and Once and Future Ruler of these Lands, stop what you’re doing... We can just start with stop what you’re doing.

ART: I was gonna go ‘And explain yourself’, but what the fuck are they gonna explain, they’re fuckin’ knives.

KEITH: You can understand all language.

ART: Oh right! Well, I don’t know if they --Oh yeah.

HADRIAN: And explain yourself.

ALI: What is there to explain? They’re making food.

AUSTIN: Alright, make that roll!

ART: They’re, they can explain lots of stuff.

KEITH: I wanna, I wanna guess how this is about to go real bad. And the way that I guess is that your shit only works on one NPC. Right?

ART: Oh yeah, give ‘an NPC’.

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: Well..

AUSTIN: Which one are you picking?

ART: The cl- --I dunno, it’s a kitchen!

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: Is there like an expediter? Like a floating expediter? 

AUSTIN: There’s like a chef hat.

ART: Okay, I’m doing it to the chef hat!

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Hold on I have to, I have to check my crap.

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

ART: I rolled a six.

AUSTIN: Plus?

ART: Plus, plus my charisma modifier, which I believe is a one?

KEITH: Dang, that makes a seven.

ART: That makes a seven. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: So it works. They do what I say, back away cautiously and then flee, or attack me. And I can take any hat. This hat, a bigger hat, smaller hat, bowler hat..

AUSTIN: Hm. 

KEITH: Newsie? Can you take a newsie?

ART: Oh, I’ll mess up a pageboy!

AUSTIN: I’m thinking about what they would do here. 

ALI: Are there any snapbacks?

JACK: Austin are you, are you-

ART: Not after I stab ‘em!

AUSTIN: I’m thinking about what, what their intentions are. I’m thinking about how --So one of the things that’s neat in Dungeon World is every creature from a human to a ghoul has kind of like instincts that they wanna follow, or something that they want, or something that they do. So I’m trying to think about how this character will react. I think it --And if it can communicate with you. It, it --You hear it, you hear its voice. It’s a, it’s a loud well def- --Like loud and proud voice. But, but also kind of, it has kind of a blue collar tinge to it, do y’know what I mean? Like it’s a worker, it’s a worker’s voice.

KEITH: So this is like a sous chef? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Like this isn’t, this is not, this is not a celebrity chef, y’know?

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: But it’s-

KEITH: This isn’t Bobby Flay?

AUSTIN: Not Bobby Flay. Not, not Guy Fieri, I’m sorry @Vorpalfemme, if you’re listening, @notquiteclock, normally I only do @notquiteclock once but this is long. We might have to cut this up, I don’t know.

AUSTIN: So you --That chef hat does like a little, there’s a little whistle coming from that general area, and everything stops for a second. and it says

CHEF'S HAT: In the name of Samothes..

AUSTIN: Samothes, is that right?

ART: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: In the name of Samothes, we welcome you. Would you like dinner?

KEITH: Oh dang!

HADRIAN: Uhh..

CHEF'S HAT: Get these boys some dinner!

KEITH: Oh shit!

AUSTIN: It says and like. And then in the, in the kind of far end of it there’s one, there’s a big metal door that opens up and you can feel the cool air come out. And from inside --From here you can see that there’s just like a bunch of stuff in there. 

JACK: What sort of stuff?

AUSTIN: You can’t tell from this distance.

JACK: Oh! Ali has a telescope!

ALI: I’m not pulling out my telescope just to look.

AUSTIN: Good call Ali!

KEITH: Reminder, those birds told us not to eat.

ALI: Did the birds tell you not to eat the-

AUSTIN: They pull out a looong-

ART: Yeah I wasn’t gonna eat curtain, no matter what happened I wasn’t gonna eat curtain.

KEITH: They’re gonna, they’re so polite to you! They were so polite! 

NICK: You’re just gonna turn down a free meal? Come on!

JACK: Of curtain?!

AUSTIN: They’re preparing --They’re on a little side grill now and preparing something that actually smells really good. It’s a, it’s a, it’s a red meat smell. You’re not sure what type of red meat.

JACK: I’m not gonna, I’m not gonna eat orc.

ART: Oh! What here is evil?

AUSTIN: Nothing. Ah, Ali! Hella is.

ART: Alright.

KEITH: Are you bothered by that?

ART: I’m sure cannibalism is evil, right?

AUSTIN: One of, one of the pairs of knives is definitely evil. But that’s, but, y’know? Sometimes, you just get a hit.

KEITH: One yeah, one of hundreds.

AUSTIN: Every now and then. Like it’s almost everything here is neutral, but like also that dude’s kind of an ass.

ALI: It’s just me and that guy.

AUSTIN: It’s just you and that guy. You guys should talk later.

JACK: Is there, is there any way that I could use --This is probably cheating. Is there any way that I could use Art as a translator? 

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: Ah okay so, I have a move called charming and open-

AUSTIN: Mm.

JACK: ...and it says ‘When you speak frankly with someone-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: ...you can ask their player a question from the list’. Does that mean an NPC or just player characters?

AUSTIN: NPC. For sure.

JACK: Right, so, is speak frankly with someone --That’s not on the moves list at all. 

AUSTIN: No, it’s just, it’s just, it’s a move on it’s own. It means like --So, so with moves in Dungeon World you --To do them, you do them. 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean? If you, if you do it, do the move. And if you wanna do the move you have to do it. So in this case, you have to speak frankly with someone for a while.

LEM: Hadrian, do you --Would you mind being a translator?

HADRIAN: No.

LEM: Okay, cool! So could you, could you get his attention please?

HADRIAN: I, I think he’s still, I think he’s still listening.

LEM: Alright.

CHEF'S HAT: Yeah, I’m, I’m right here. What do you need?

LEM: Could you ask him who he serves please?

ART: How does this work?

AUSTIN: You’re not --No no no no no. See, you haven’t --This is the thing, Jack. You haven’t spoken frankly with him. 

JACK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Do you see what I mean?

ART: You gotta like commiserate with him like ‘Hey, buddy’.

AUSTIN: You gotta like talk with him. You can’t just ask him these questions, you need to have spoken frankly with him.

JACK: Oh, I actually have to speak frankly with him. Alright, yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, to do it you do it. Yeah.

JACK: Cool, right, so:

LEM: Look, man. We’re just --We, we’ve been sent here. We’re, we’re just investigating the area. There’ve been some strange phenomena that we’re seeing, we’re trying to, trying to get to the bottom of it. We just wondered if you could help us out here... we’ve been like, like-

CHEF'S HAT: Listen, I got a, I got a kitchen to run. You got a point, kid? What’re you doin’?

LEM: Yeah, sure, uh... Who do you serve? You’re a chef, who are you working for?

CHEF'S HAT: Y’know, whoever’s visiting, the captain obviously.. Sometimes the little dwarves they come up, I give ‘em a little scrap here or there. Y’know.

LEM: Well, I guess that’s my question. Thanks! Thanks Art, oh, Hadrian.

HADRIAN: Yeah. So the captain?

FERO: This fella the captain’s been here?

LEM: And dwarves.

HADRIAN: He probably doesn’t mean our captain. 

FERO: Can we ask him real quick about the ca-- If he means the same captain we mean?

HADRIAN: He can probably understand you guys! It’s probably just the, the hearing back that’s the problem.

FERO: I’m a hummingbird, only you can understand me. 

AUSTIN: Oh this is the fucking worst!

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: He-

NICK: At this point, Fantasmo’s coming up the stairs.

AUSTIN: Oh right! Fantasmo hasn’t --Or, you’re on the same stair level, you just haven’t been on --You’ve just been in the main hall. Or the, the food hall.

NICK: Oh, okay. 

AUSTIN: The banquet hall instead of back in the kitchens, basically.

NICK: Well, I, I’m coming to join the rest of you.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, you see a sight man! I don’t, I- You found out what was magical! This is it. This is --They’re back here, preparing that curtain up. You see tossed in the corner also, like as if like ‘This is what’s next!’, are a bunch of kind of, of shittier chairs, and a bed. There’s just a bed hanging out here. Ready to just, ready to get made!

AUSTIN: Gotta make, gotta make dinner!

KEITH: Gotta make dinner.

ART: Did they-

JACK: Can we ask them what the meat is?

AUSTIN: Can you? I don’t --Do you wanna?

JACK: Yeah:

LEM: What’s the meat? 

AUSTIN: And then Art you translate?

ART: Oh I was assuming they could und-, that the hat could understand, he just couldn’t talk back.

AUSTIN: He cannot understand.

ART: Okay then yeah. I’ll ask him.

AUSTIN: Or like he makes it --In fact, Lem says that, and you assume that, and the chef, the chef’s hat kind of like tilts at you. As if like ‘Yeah?? Are you gonna fuckin’ tell me what he said??’

KEITH: This chef has no time for us!

ART: I like that, that I’m also, while, while also transcending language, I’m getting, I’m also transcending inanimate object body language.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you’re very-

ART: That’s an added bonus.

AUSTIN: It is, I tossed that in for free. Samothes works in mysterious ways. You ask what the meat is?

ART: Yeah.

CHEF'S HAT: Ah, it’s just some old stuff we had for, hmm, I guess, it’s been a while! But it’s good. Freezer, freezer works good.

HADRIAN: Do you know there’s no-one here?

CHEF'S HAT: Gotta make the meals. Gotta make the meals.

AUSTIN: And he starts to walk away.

HADRIAN: Why? That’s weird. I mean, it’s a, it’s-

FERO: It sounds like a magic-y thing.

KEITH: What I mean by that-

NICK: Can I just walk over and look at the meat that’s cooking?

AUSTIN: Yeah, totally! They let you, they let you like --You get, you kind of like elbow past a few of these knives carefully, y’know like..

ART: Be careful, one of them’s evil.

NICK: Are there, are there like, as I’m walking through the room-

AUSTIN: It’s, it’s a big chunk of red meat.

NICK: As I’m walking through the room do I like bump against invisible constructs of some kind?

AUSTIN: No. There are no, there are no constructs, no.

NICK: Okay. 

AUSTIN: They’re just f-

FERO: So they’re, they, this --What I mean by a magic thing is that, like it just seems-

AUSTIN: Are you-

KEITH: What?

AUSTIN: Are you still a hummingbird in this scene?

KEITH: I’m talking to Art!

AUSTIN: Okay.

FERO: Art, it seems like fucking-

AUSTIN: Hadrian.

FERO: Hadrian, it seems like these things are under some sort of fucking crazy enchantment, and now they are cursed to forever make meals regardless if there, if there’s anyone here to eat them.

HADRIAN: Sure, but like but, but to what like, to what end? That’s, that’s not causing, they’re not working so hard that waves are emanating from this island.

LEM: Yeah, I think we’re kind of burying the lede here, which is, what is eating carpets and stuff??

HADRIAN: Nothing! 

FERO: Nothing.

HADRIAN: Right? It’s just there’s just plates full of it out there.

FANTASMO: Yeah.

FERO: They just have to-

FANTASMO: They’re just, they’re just going.

KEITH: Oh okay so I transform back into a halfling.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Thank you.

KEITH: You’re welcome. And then I say, I say:

FERO: Lem, I think that they just have to make stuff, regardless of if there’s anyone here to eat it. I don’t think anyone is actually eating any of this, it’s just-

LEM: Okay, so, if they ran out of like carpets and stuff they’d be chopping us up.

FERO: Ah, maybe they’d go to the walls first? Start getting pieces of rock.

HADRIAN: Is, is your boss gonna be here?

AUSTIN: Gotta make the meals.

FERO: Do you --Can you ask, can you ask him about the waves?

HADRIAN: Sure. We’re here because of, of some disturbances to the, the, the town. There’s a, there’s a lot of, there’s a lot of current coming from here. Do you, do you know anything about that?

AUSTIN: One second, I wanna make sure I’m right about something.

ART: He’s just gonna say ‘Gotta make the meals’ again.

AUSTIN: I gotta, I gotta-

ART: It’s like a fuckin Dunkin Donuts commercial over here.

AUSTIN: I’m trying to decide if I want --He goes, he says:

CHEF'S HAT: No, we’re all out of currant.

AUSTIN: We got some meat. We got some bread in the freezer. I don’t know, frozen bread’s alright isn’t it? Ah, it’s not that good.. But, y’know, the weather? The weather’s been alright lately. Bad storm. Bad storm a couple weeks ago, but other than that..

ART: Was there a bad storm a couple weeks ago?

AUSTIN: Not in the Berg.

ART: Okay.

JACK: Anybody got any kind of like weather divination magicks or anything?

KEITH: No..

ART: I think you’re thinking of meteorology.

CHEF'S HAT: Alright, listen! You guys gotta get out of the kitchen. We’ll bring your food when you’re ready, but we need the space. Y’know, it’s a, it’s a sanctuary for, for me. 

ALI: I was-

FERO: Real, real quick can you ask him about that room that’s blocked off? And then we’ll go? Promise him we’ll go. 

ART: I, I don’t think we have a choice. Yeah sure.

HADRIAN: Hey what’s behind, what’s, what’s in that room back there?

AUSTIN: Wait, which room?

KEITH: The sealed, the one sealed off downstairs.

AUSTIN: Oh, the downstairs ones.

ART: Oh, that’s what he meant? I thought you meant the room behind him. 

KEITH: Oh okay. Oh! I didn’t realise there was a room behind him.

AUSTIN: There is no room behind him. There’s no-

ART: Well then, the storage room?

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, that’s just, that’s like a freezer.

NICK: Yeah, the freezer.

AUSTIN: That’s a freezer. Yeah.

NICK: I’m, I’m gonna wander in that direction to the freezer while they’re talking.

AUSTIN: There’s like bunch of wrapped meats, and breads, and soups that’re in big buckets. You don’t know what type of any of that stuff it is though. 

NICK: Okay.

LEM: Does is look good, Fantasmo? Does the meat look like, not horrible? Like, is it greying? Or is it --Does it look like actual meat should look?

AUSTIN: It looks like meat that’s been-

FANTASMO: I am a vegetarian!

AUSTIN: It looks like meat that’s been frozen quite a while. 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: But like maybe, maybe magically frozen. Like maybe it’s okay.

JACK: Alright, yeah.

ART: Not like full freezer-burn?

AUSTIN: Not full freezer burned, burn. No.

JACK: But what about that room, yeah, the sealed room?

AUSTIN: Downstairs?

ART: I think he’s getting rid of us.

HADRIAN: What’s downstairs? That big, behind that big door.

CHEF'S HAT: They don’t eat.

KEITH: Oh!

ALI: Jeez.

LEM: We’ve got to open that room. We’ve got to open that room. Alright, peace.

HADRIAN: Thank you, thank you.

FERO: Well, we should stay and get our food.

AUSTIN: tHe said he’d bring it out.

ALI: No, I-

ART: He said he’d bring it out.

KEITH: No no no, I meant we should, instead of going downstairs we should wait for the food. Do we know how to get back? You said it was labyrinthine.

AUSTIN: You’ll be fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you’ll be fine.

ART: You were the one who was like the bird said don’t eat it. Also, there’s, it’s like --It’s people. It’s gotta be people. I guess it’s not evil. Cannibalisms evil.

KEITH: We can, yeah we can take five, we can take five birds, over a room full of knives.

NICK: Well, but evil-

ALI: I-

ART: I don’t think they’re gonna fight us over it. 

ALI: I am in the corner like quietly insisting that we move on. 

AUSTIN: Good job!

ART: Yeah.

ALI: I’m just by the door like gesturing to everyone like ‘Come on guys, let’s just go’.

ART: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I agree.

AUSTIN: You guys go back out. Do you wait around to get the meal?

KEITH: While we do it you could pray?

ART: Oh, I thought you said they --Wait, they’re gonna --I guess we wait til they bring it out. 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Yeah I was gonna go downstairs and, and hold services. I figure that these-

KEITH: Okay, I mean you can do it up here while we’re waiting for the food, so that we don’t look rude.

AUSTIN: You could pray-

ART: Can’t they fucking bring it downstairs?

AUSTIN: They’re not gonna bring it downstairs, this is where they..

ART: They’ve got a whole fucking-

KEITH: They’re not gonna bring it downstairs!

AUSTIN: Jeez, Art!

KEITH: Fucking, dude, come on!

AUSTIN: This is their dining hall! What are you doing?

KEITH: Yeah. They won’t bring food --There weren’t plates downstairs, buddy. 

ART: They’re magic, they’re urgh.

KEITH: They’re magic, but they’re incredibly short-tempered.

ART: They didn’t seem incredibly short-tempered.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: That sous chef didn’t seem quick to you?

ALI: He was busy!

KEITH: He was busy but he was a little rude.

HADRIAN: You guys can stay up here. I don’t expect you to go to services, you pack of godless heathens. You can wait for your meals, bring mine down for me.

ALI: I follow Art downstairs.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: I very an-, I tell Art, I tell Hadrian I’m not going to bring him his food and I wait upstairs.

JACK: I follow Hadrian downstairs.

ART: Well that’s unnecessarily hostile.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, where are you at?

NICK: Let’s see.. I can’t talk to the, the cooks at all, no.

AUSTIN: No. Now that Hadrian is gone, no-one can talk to them.

NICK: Okay. I just, can I like hang out and just study them, watch them do their thing for a while?

AUSTIN: They are getting like, they are getting increasingly aggressive that you’re staying there. 

NICK: Okay, alright.

KEITH: I told you they were annoyed.

AUSTIN: Like, more and more knives start pointing in your direction, and like gesturing out and then pointing back at you.

NICK: Sure, alright. I guess I go down to the door?

AUSTIN: You know what, here’s a thing, okay. So you go downstairs to the door. The only one upstairs at this point is Fero who --The chef comes out with the hat, or just the hat comes out, with the floating plates with nice steaming meat, and some nice veggies, and there’s like some bread that’s been thawed so like ehh.. And it giv-, it like, the chef hat like duh, duh, duh, duh, duh. Look, look. Looks at you. Shrugs. And puts the plates on the ground and then leaves.

KEITH: I shrug and give him a thumbs-up.

AUSTIN: Yeah, he’s like ehh. He does a little nod like ehh y’know, I know bud, and leaves. Downstairs-

KEITH: Alright, cool. I have a-

AUSTIN: Y’all I’m gonna like get a, cut to the --You are done downstairs. There’s no-

ART: Great.

AUSTIN: You can’t get in that room, you’ve nothing --You can’t seem to get into that room. And there is no-

ART: No, I’m not trying to get into that door. I’m, I’m doing my services.

AUSTIN: Oh I’m talking to, yeah, everybody else who was like ‘I’m gonna go back to the door’. There’s no way in that you can tell from here.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Ali had a chance, Hella could have lifted it, or broken through it. But, but once she failed that role that’s, that’s locked off at this point. Art what’re your service like? What --How do --What’s Hadrian doing?

KEITH: Well, I’m chowing down, first of all.

ART: I’m not perf-, I’m not like performing services, right? I’m not like leading them, ‘cause I know they don’t give a shit, right?

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: You guys don’t give a shit?

NICK: No, I don’t.

LEM: I kinda give a shit, but I don’t follow your religion, so y’know..

ART: Right. But like I’m, I’m doing this for me, right?

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: Yeah.

ART: So I like, y’know --There’s no windows, this room does not have windows, correct?

AUSTIN: Mhm… Correct.

ART: So there’s no like, I can’t like do anything, in that sense. So yeah, I think it’s just like, y’know there, there’s prayers, y’know. I, I go over y’know basic prayers, y’know, the whatever the Lord’s prayer equivalent would be. 

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Going down the rosary.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Right, going down the rosary.

NICK: Yeah.

ART: I’m showing my, my gratitude for the gifts I’ve received and, and yeah..

KEITH: Is your heart in it?

ART: Absolutely!

KEITH: Okay.

ART: I’m a zealot!

AUSTIN: Alright, alright you succeed at that, that’s-.

KEITH: Some days you don’t feel it, or some days people don’t feel it.

AUSTIN: Right. Sometimes some, yeah.. Alright! That’s-

ART: That’s been really helpful. The thing-, the gifts I’ve received have, have been useful, right? Like, why would I doubt.

KEITH: Very useful.

ART: Yeah, I got to talk to that stupid hat.

KEITH: I wanna say that as a druid I literally do not need to eat or drink, and I’m eating out of spite.

AUSTIN: Great.

NICK: You’re still a living creature? What? Okay, whatever..

KEITH: Yeah, as a druid I don’t need to..

AUSTIN: Is always, or is it only on your-

ART: I can do that too!

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Oh no, you’re right!

KEITH: It says-

ALI: When you’re camping.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. ‘By nature sustained: you don’t need to eat or drink. If a move tells you to mark off a ration just ignore it’.

AUSTIN: Yep, yep.

NICK: Weird, okay.

AUSTIN: It means like, he still does, you still need to eat and drink sometimes, probably. But like, not to the degree that like..

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Y’know, you don’t have to eat a big ration when you’re out in the world. Do you know? Like, eat and drink at your pleasure.

KEITH: Right, yeah. It’s for fun.

AUSTIN: Alright so, at this point the direction you guys can go is out of the tower, still I guess, or up further. What do you, what do you do?

ART: Oh, right, there’s up further.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you’ve got that waltz.

ART: Let’s go up further.

NICK: Yeah.

JACK: Yeah, the waltz. Up further.

NICK: I, I walk around to try to gather everyone together.

AUSTIN: Good job Fantasmo.

KEITH: When they come up and meet me I, I go and I hand a plate to Lem. I’m like:

FERO: Hey, you want some? 

NICK: And when, when I’m walking up to Art I say:

FANTASMO: If you’re quite done with your barbaric rituals, we should probably move on.

ALI: I roll my eyes dramatically.

JACK: I’ll have-

ART: I’m not having any of it.

AUSTIN: Alright.

KEITH: So wait, so they do have to pass me to get further up, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: This isn’t a separate staircase?

AUSTIN: No.

KEITH: Okay, yeah so-

ART: Oh, you’re not gonna like gonna like force feed us?

AUSTIN: No.

KEITH: No, no, no. When they pass me I’m gonna hand out, I wanna offer a plate to Lem. And if he doesn’t take it, he doesn’t take it.

JACK: Nah, I’m cool.

AUSTIN: Fero’s turned into a bear and is blocking the entrance, and is-

AUSTIN: Alright, I think you guys can eat and then you guys can, can, y’know, move on. It’s, it’s --The meals good. It’s like, it’s gamy, it’s a little gamy. But it’s good.

KEITH: Yeah?

AUSTIN: But it’s good.

KEITH: I mean, I’m a druid, I live in the woods. I kind of like it a little gamy.

AUSTIN: It’s like a, It’s a little bit like boar meat, I guess is the closest thing.

KEITH: Yeah, sure, yeah. I have had boar meat a ton and I know exactly what you’re talking about.

JACK: Oh my god, what if we ate the birds?

NICK: What is-

ART: They wouldn’t taste like boar

NICK: Is there anything besides meat, on the plates?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. There’s, there’s, there’s --If you, if --Yes. They have offered vegetarian options.

JACK: Pro’s!

NICK: That’s, that’s what Fantasmo’s eating then.

AUSTIN: So it’s, it’s just like some pretty good bread and a nice, a nice --What’s a, what’s a thing you want to eat? What’s a nice thing you want to eat right now? I bet it’s like-

KEITH: A burger.

AUSTIN: Well, they don’t have veggie burgers. Maybe like a curry with some rice, and you can dip the bread in the curry and like, get like a good hmm..

NICK: Sure.

KEITH: Oh that sounds good.

NICK: With some beans in the curry, yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah some beans, yeah sure. They have like one veggie plate that they brought out with the other stuff like ugh just in case, y’know?

KEITH: Aw dang that sounds good!

AUSTIN: They’re good here. So further up, as you, as you step closer and closer, everyone’s regular ears can start to hear that, as you get closer and closer up the next level. Previously, it was just I think The Great Fantasmo’s magic ears that could hear it. But now everyone can hear it.

KEITH: I, when I start hearing it I start doing a slight dance as I walk. To the music.

AUSTIN: You rascal! It’s definitely a waltz. And as you reach the top there is now a door on this level. It’s kind of like a nice, it’s like a solid door that is almost meant to communicate separation. Do you know what I mean? Like, it’s built heavy and strong, and it has, again kind of like iron bars on it here and here. The, kind of like at the head level and at the knee level. And, it it --There’s something like solemn about it.

ART: Solid or solemn?

AUSTIN: Both. Both.

ART: Okay. Huh.

AUSTIN: There is a sign that --You can’t read different languages with your thing right? No, you can’t.

ART: No. I’m not even really sure I can understand other languages.

AUSTIN: Yeah, me either but it’s really, but it’s interesting. So I did it. Lem, you recognise that one of the words on this thing is quiet.

JACK: Hmm. Well..

NICK: Do you share that with everyone else, Lem?

JACK: Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.

NICK: Okay.

JACK: Shall we try, shall we try another little peek? Unless anybody’s got any objections?

KEITH: Let’s, I say take a, let’s take a peek. Just take a little peek.

AUSTIN: Okay, you open the door-

KEITH: Peeeek.

AUSTIN: -a little, tiny little bit you’re peeking, peeking.

KEITH: Peeek. 

AUSTIN: And immediately you can make out the waltz. And it’s a strange waltz because it’s all percussive. It’s all claps, and soft brushes, to communicate the entire melody. And you realise while looking that the melody is being made by the opening and closing of countless books. Some are on tables, long brown, like deep brown tables. Some are on the floor, there are some on shelves that’re opening and closing to make this rhythm. And then, like the thing that is dancing along with the rhythm is also books that have formed the shapes of dozens of people. Little people, but people. Who are dancing with each other, hand in hand, except the hands are just solid books. They’re sort of like a low-poly vision of people, if that makes sense. Like a PS1 game where the hand is just a big block, and they’re moving around-

KEITH: I invite, I invite someone to dance with me.

AUSTIN: Wait, so you go in??

KEITH: I invite someone to dance --Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay..

ART: Is this a-

AUSTIN: When you go in you get a full vision of this space which is a big library with a nice reading room-

KEITH: Oh! One of the companions, I invite, one of the group to-

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know, I know what you meant.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: But let me finish. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: You open the door and you see what the space is, and you see that there are --I mean like there’s chandeliers here, there’s candles. The flames were dancing along with the music too. It’s beautiful. It’s like one of the most beautiful things you’ve ever seen in your life, that you didn’t know things --One, no-one dances like this anymore. This is the sort of dance that, it hasn’t died, but the culture around this sort of practiced like high nobility dance, is gone. And so, like you’ve read about them, Lem has definitely read about that. Maybe you’ve seen a person like come to town and do like they’re gonna show off what old people, like what people danced like before the erasure! Oh, this is so ridiculous! Like, little travelling entertainers have done this. But like you’ve never seen it done well. You’ve never seen it done by book people. So. You open the door and they all turn and look at you. And a few of the books in the, in the space --So it’s like, it’s definitely masculine and feminine figures because you can see some of them have what look like dresses which are made of other books. And you see some of the, the figures --There’s like turning and it’s like and then like, which is like a gasp coming from some of them. And one of them points out at you and, and a bunch of the book people start to fall away, and the books start to move together and rise up towards you. What do you do? 

KEITH: I-

AUSTIN: And this is, this is really Lem whose stepped inside and turned back. So again, so here’s the vision. Lem opens the door, sees these people dancing and is like ‘Ah!’.

NICK: You mean-

AUSTIN: Turns to do this to like offer his hand to someone to join him to dance and then-

KEITH: Fero did it.

AUSTIN: Fero!

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Fero, I said Lem sorry. Fero. My bad.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. I --If no-one takes my hand I start fucking dancing as quickly as I can. Like, ‘oh shit! We gotta get this thing back on track’.

AUSTIN: Okay!

KEITH: I think if they see me dancing they might understand like ‘No no no, we’re just here to dance’. 

JACK: I’m not dancing.

NICK: Before-

ART: I’m not going in that room.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

ART: Sorry.

KEITH: Alright, does, is no-one dancing with me?

AUSTIN: We’ll get there.

ART: No, I don’t think so.

NICK: Hang on.

AUSTIN: What’s up?

NICK: Before, while we were peeking-

AUSTIN: Uhuh.

NICK: -before everything stopped. If anyone looked in Fantasmo’s direction you would have seen the faintest bit of a smile forming.

AUSTIN: Mmm. That’s good.

NICK: ‘Cause he was.. And then, he’s a little --Like, you, you, you hear a grumpy old man grunt when Fero walks into the room and brings it all to a halt.

AUSTIN: Uhuh. The, the --You’re still dancing?

KEITH: Yeah I’m gonna go --If no-one will dance with me then I will go in and I will do the moves solo.

AUSTIN: You do, you’ve started dancing and you see now that the books have formed a giant wave and it’s coming right in your direction. This is like a, a big library, a nice sized study filled with books.

KEITH: Okay. And this is like a, this is like a, ‘oh this is a wave of books that’s gonna fuckin’ hit me’?

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: Okay, then I..

ART: Book eating bear, book eating bear.

KEITH: No. I don’t do a book-eating bear. I, I--

JACK: Invulnerability to books, is the quest you should have picked, Art.

KEITH: No no no no, I, I transform into a giant bird and I, I go as high to the ceiling as I can..

ART: Your tiny bird bones.

KEITH: No no no the big bird.

JACK: Was there any way to-

ART: Birds have hollow bones!

KEITH: I’m doing the big eagle again, that’s --I’m doing my old eagle friend.

AUSTIN: The eagle friend who came and warned you?

KEITH: No no no, the, the-

AUSTIN: A different eagle?

KEITH: That was the, the komodo dragon.

AUSTIN: Oh right that was the komodo dragon. Right right right.

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah. This is, this is just the eagle that I transformed into earlier, against the, the birds yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, okay. Are you gonna roll for it?

KEITH: Yep. Sure. Yep. Right. That’s a seven and then a --Whatever I’m adding to that..

AUSTIN: Probably a two.

KEITH: Would p- --Yeah, a two. So I guess that’s a nine yeah.

AUSTIN: Mhm. So you hold two. You turn into this, into this eagle and fly up just above the waves that come crashing. Everyone else, y’know whose now behind this closed door, hears just like bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. As books crash against the, the near wall and the door which is now shut closed. What do you do?

ART: So it’s a push in door?

AUSTIN: It’s a push in door. Yeah.

ART: Okay. 

NICK: Fantasmo-

KEITH: Can --I look at, I look at the door and I wanna see real quick if it’s, if it’s openable.

AUSTIN: It’s still openable, in fact the books, when you look down, the books have begun to shuffle away and start to form new humanoid shapes. Who look like, y’know again, humanoid figures with, with, that’re holding other books and some pamphlets that’re wrapped up so that they’re like tight tubes-

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: ..holding them like spears. And some of them are looking like they’re about to start throwing them at you.

KEITH: Okay. Can, can you describe the, what the, the ceiling looks like, and if there’s windows up there or anything that I can..

AUSTIN: There are windows again on the far wall but these have the curtains again and the curtains are all drawn. This is the same exact shape as that big dining hall. So just like rows and rows and rows of these books, with a big empty space in the middle, which is what you guys kind of walked into. And, and the ceiling is just like some nice like moulding there that’s like, it’s decorated. Again there, there was once some murals painted on the ceilings. And the chandelier’s hanging from up there.
KEITH: Okay, I would like to- I would like to- I would like to, to swoop down and, and grab the nearest guy and pull him aloft.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: I’d call that a Hack and Slash, let’s say.

KEITH: Sure.

AUSTIN: Oh, you know what?

KEITH: What’s up?

AUSTIN: Oh, yeah, yeah that’s fine. That’s fine. I think you can dodge down into the, as this eagle. The kind of javelins made of books and pamphlets and, and other p-, and papers like fly past you as you start to swoop down. 

KEITH: Okay, I have, I got an eleven.

AUSTIN: So how does Hack and Slash what’s the..

KEITH: Uh, Hack and Slash..

AUSTIN: Read for the audience, again.

KEITH: Oh, when you attack an enemy in melee roll plus strength.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: On a plus ten roll you do, deal damage to your enemy and avoid their attack.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: At your option, you may choose to do plus 1d6 damage but expose yourself to an enemy attack. On a seven to nine you do your damage to the enemy and the enemy makes an attack against you.

AUSTIN: Okay. So what’re you --Are you just gonna do your base damage or are you gonna do the bonus?

KEITH: I’m, yeah, I’m going to do my base damage. Which is 1d6. I got a five.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you’ve lifted this thing in the air. What do you plan for it after you’ve lifted it?

KEITH: After I lift it I wanna try to drop it on another one of them.

AUSTIN: Sure. So you do that, you lift up one of these people and you drop it and it slams down into a different one. And those books fall dead on the ground and don’t seem to move any more.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: What are the rest of you doing while this nonsense is happening?

KEITH: It’s pretty dope though!

ALI: Panicking. 

AUSTIN: It’s pretty dope.

ART: I yell through the door:

HADRIAN: Don’t hurt our friend.

NICK: I, Fant-

ART: ‘Cause I can talk book.

AUSTIN: Right, you can talk book.

NICK: Fantasmo is cringing at the sound of books being smattered, or, clattered around and destroyed-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: ..and, and pages being ripped. 

KEITH: I mean I don’t wanna sound like, I don’t wanna sound like a Hadrian here... but, these guys, I tried to dance with these books and they tried to destroy me with a tidal wave.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: Yeah but, maybe they just-

ART: Yeah, I don’t think you should have gone in that room. 

AUSTIN: No.

JACK: Some dances aren’t for you, man.

KEITH: Think of, okay, but think of how cool it would have been if they was a gigantic wave coming at me, and then they were like ‘oh shit this guys dancing’, and then they stopped and danced with me. That would have been cool! That would have, that was worth the risk! 

ART: No! That’s not how, that’s not how this works.

NICK: I mean.. Whatever.

KEITH: I thought it was gonna work.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: I, Fantasmo, I try to cast invisible.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Standing outside the door..

AUSTIN: Sure. Go ahead.

NICK: ..still. I rolled a twelve.

AUSTIN: Nice!

NICK: So I successfully cast that.

AUSTIN: Without losing anything. So you’re invisible now, great.

NICK: Yup. Invisible. And I, I open the door, the just the bare amount for me to pass through it.

AUSTIN: Mhm. You do.

NICK: I’m a, I’m a super skinny elf.

AUSTIN: Yep.

NICK: So it doesn’t have to be that big, even. And I’m just gonna try to skirt around the edge of the room?

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: To get to the other side.

AUSTIN: Yeah, on the other-

NICK: Just to see-

AUSTIN: Yeah, so-

ART: Do we notice him go in?

AUSTIN: Yeah, the door opens up for a brief moment. Also, you notice that he is gone. Fantasmo has vani- --In fact, you’ve seen him do his like and now is gone and now he’s, now the door opens slightly and then he’s in. 

ART: Mm.

AUSTIN: You can see can see, like so, stairwell, and then at the far end there’s the curtains and the windows. And then on the other si-, on the right side, where you’re headed, is another stairway up to another floor.

 NICK: Okay.

JACK: Do I have any identifying paperwork or cards to indicate that I’m from the New Archive?

AUSTIN: You probably have a badge or something. 

JACK: Okay. I’m gonna take the-

AUSTIN: Or like, yeah, sure. What it, what do you have, to show that you’re..

JACK: I think I have like, like some sort of, whatever this world’s equivalent of like a laminated library card is.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I mean so what is, what is this version’s laminated li- --I am curious.

JACK: I think it’s prob- --We talked a bit about like orc symbolism.

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

JACK: Or, orc like use of semiotics and stuff.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: So I, I guess it’s probably like a, like a wood chip-

AUSTIN: Mm, I like it.

JACK: ..like a piece of wood with a, a branded mark into it.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: Two marks, one is the symbol of the New Archives and one is probably like my signature or something.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: So I’m just gonna take a complete shot in the dark in that I essentially work for a big library. This seems to be a big magical dancing library-

AUSTIN: Mhm. Sure.

JACK: ..based on the like quiet sign on the door.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: So I’m just gonna like slide it under the door like an air hockey puck.

AUSTIN: Right. It-

NICK: I was really hoping you were gonna bust open the door holding your badge in the air.

AUSTIN: It- it just doesn’t --Nothing happens, nothing happens.

JACK: Okay. Alright, well-

AUSTIN: You slid it under. It sits there for a moment, some of the, the books seem to take regard of it for a second and then keep going.

JACK: Alright, well. So now my badge is just lying in the middle of the book tidal wave like..

AUSTIN: It is, it is.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Well no, the tidal wave has now cleared and they’re in these, they’re humanoid figures in this moment.

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: Did you say how many there were? Two of them are gone.

AUSTIN: Two, two-

KEITH: They’re collapsed.

AUSTIN: It’s hard to identify how many there are.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Because it seems like they are interchangeable. So like, there, at the beginning there were dozens of figures dancing.

KEITH: So you’re saying they’re just, they’re just very fluid.

AUSTIN: Then, but then there was one big wave, and now there are ten large warriors.

KEITH: Right. Okay.

AUSTIN: So they’re very fluid and it’s hard to identify how many there are.

KEITH: Okay.

LEM: Hadrian, how would you feel about some more like, shouting at things? 

JACK: ‘Cause that’s a pretty good strat, so far.

ART: I, I guess I was hoping my, my non-magical shout would do anything, but I guess has..

AUSTIN: Nothing. No, yeah.

ART: The, the way this is f- I guess ten’s.. not a bad number...

AUSTIN: Again, that’s just how many figures are here as the soldier figures, each warrior.

ART: I guess, I, I guess I’m trying to think of a --Do I think this is one big entity that’s, that’s expressing itself like this. Or do I think this is every book is it’s own thing and if I convince one to stop it’s not useful.

AUSTIN: Make your decision. What are you doing?

ART: I guess I gotta try it. I, I open the door and I use I am the Law, I give that --I don’t remember what I said last time. ‘Cause I was just making it up-

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s fine.

HADRIAN: The, in the name of Samothes, the King God, the Crafter of the Sun. 

ART: And I think I said Once and Future King, which is a new part of that mythology.

AUSTIN: Yep, you did.

KEITH: You said once and future ruler of these lands.

ART: Okay.

HADRIAN: I com-, I command you to stop.

AUSTIN: Three of the soldiers turn to you and it’s like a loud clap, as the, as many of the books close shut and you read that, or you hear it, and all you hear is:

BOOKS: Quiet!

AUSTIN: And three of the javelins are tossed in your direction.

ART: Wait, I didn’t roll my thing.

AUSTIN: Ehh, it worked. They hea-, I mean, they-

ART: But I, But I get a plus one.

AUSTIN: Okay, I forgot that you actually have. Go ahead make your --I forgot that you actually have a, a like a thing. My bad.

ART: Yeah, Okay. I get like a plus one forward.

AUSTIN: Okay, so you get your plus one forward, their response is to attack.

ART: I, yeah, I got it.

AUSTIN: What do you do as they’re hurling javelins at you?

ART: I don’t know, what’s a quiet way to, to cover yourself? I, I defend that’s a move right?

JACK: Defy Danger, or-

AUSTIN: Defend, defend --Yeah, you’re probably gonna wanna defy danger here. What do you do physically? Tell me what you do and then we’ll figure out the move. 

ART: I like cover my face. Right? Like, I’m wearing armour and I’m wearing a helmet-

AUSTIN: Yeah, okay.

ART: ..but like I shield my face with my arm.

AUSTIN: That sounds like. That’s Defy Danger. And probably Defy Danger strength not Defy Danger constitution.

JACK: That sounds-

AUSTIN: ‘Cause you’re just kind of like holding up.

JACK: If he’s covering himself up, that’s enduring, right?

AUSTIN: No. Enduring. So end- --This is the thing. For, for me the division on this is that constitution isn’t about not taking damage, it’s about enduring it with, enduring the damage and like continuing on in spite of it? 

JACK: Right.

AUSTIN: It’s it’s Ernalda in, in Glorantha’s mythology suffering the blows of the wolves and continuing.

JACK: Oh yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: It’s not being, it’s not blocking damage. It’s living through it.

JACK: So if he wasn’t covering himself up but was like, just like charging in.

AUSTIN: If he was just like --If he wanted to like charge through to the next level and take those hits? Maybe that’s constitution. But I, I think he would still take that damage, it would just mean he was also able to get across. Do you know what I mean? 

JACK: No, that makes a lot of sense.

AUSTIN: Defy Danger doesn’t say you don’t take damage, y’know? But with strength I think that, that is what this would be.

ART: So this is roll 2d6 plus strength modifier?

AUSTIN: Plus strength. Yeah. For this Defy Danger.

ART: two... that’s an eleven!

AUSTIN: Uhh.. great!

KEITH: Nice!

AUSTIN: On a 10+ you set out, you do what you set out to do. The threat doesn’t come to bear. On a 7-9 you stumble, hesitate or flinch. But no, so you, you’re able to like block these blows. People, meanwhile, what is The Great Fantasmo doing here? And, and also the same goes for Lem and for Hella. What are any of you guys doing as this stuff happens?

NICK: I’m looking for any kind of like, like magical mechanism, or activator, or something in the room?

AUSTIN: There’s nothing you can see here.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: You know what to look for. There’s nothing here that you can see. You do see something strange, which is, for a brief moment Lem’s card, his woodchip thing with his brand on it, lifts into the air and pushes forward as if it’s ident-, as if it’s saying: ‘Here, here I am. This is me. I’m identifying myself’.

NICK: Mm.

AUSTIN: So it, it seems to be caught into this, this whatever this is, and it’s doing a thing. 

JACK: Wait. Hang on. Okay, so maybe this doing something to the printed word. Does anybody have any particular books that we might be able to use on our end? Like..

KEITH: I mean, Nick, Nick and I have a stack of books hanging out.

NICK: What do you mean? 

JACK: Well if, if my woodchip just like lifts itself into the air and asserts itself seemingly on our side. Maybe we could bring in a, a weird book hireling by using our invent- our inventory that this might have an effect on. I don’t have any of this stuff so.. Actually, I have a map! 

AUSTIN: Hm.

ALI: Do maps count?

NICK: I don’t --Are you talking about trying to like craft a little person out of books?

JACK: Yeah! Or kind of like just letting...

NICK: To parlay with these other people?

JACK: Letting this thing --But they don’t, they’d probably just kill --I think what I’m going to do is I’m going to play my violin. I’m going to start playing, but I’m gonna start playing-

ART: No!

JACK: What?! 

ART: Don’t make more noise!

JACK: Well, oh yeah that’s true. I guess I could play it like pianissimo.

NICK: Do you have like a calming song or something?

KEITH: Well, what if the noise hurts them.

AUSTIN: He does not have that I don’t think.

JACK: No, I don’t. Actually no I’m not going to because I think if somebody probably played a --On the one hand, how much more angry could they get? On the other hand, if someone just started straight up playing a violin in the library, I don’t know if that’s a particularly good thing.

KEITH: My --The only thing I will say is that if the noise hurts them, that would help us. Or distracts them or makes it harder for them to concentrate.

ART: I don’t know if I think that’s what we saw.

NICK: Alright, here’s what I’m gonna do. I’m gonna sneak back over to the door.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: I’m gonna pop out, I’m gonna tell them what I saw, which was essentially nothing. And I’m gonna say:

FANTASMO: I have a plan. I’m going to run back to the edge of the room, prestidigitate a, an illusion of some kind on the other end. To hopefully distract them. While I’m doing that, the rest of you just run through and just go up the stairs right away.

ART: The stairs are in this room? Or the stairs are 

AUSTIN: Yes.

NICK: They’re on the other end of the room, yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Could you try detecting evil, Art?

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: No evil. Uhh! A couple of tomes are evil in this, in this room.

JACK: Ohh right.

AUSTIN: And normally your b-, normally your sense wouldn’t pick those up, but there are a few things here that are. But they’re, they’re not, it’s not like an overwhelming presence.

KEITH: And then also Hella.

AUSTIN: Also Hella.

JACK: So do we wanna, yeah.. If we go for that plan, we essentially, at least in this particular instance, leave the mystery of this room behind? Is that something we wanna do? Or do we wanna stand and fight and try and pick something out of the paperwork?

ART: I don’t have a great desire to sit here and, and fight a room full of books.

KEITH: Hey we’ve already got..

ART: Because it feels in a very real way like fighting the ocean.

KEITH: We’ve already got a sixth of them!

ART: That’s not, that’s not necessarily true.

NICK: Are there new books flying off the shelves to create new people, or anything, to replace the downed ones?

AUSTIN: We’ve talked about a twenty second period of time so you haven’t really observed enough to see if that’s true. Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Alright.

AUSTIN: Like, what’s happened here is: Lem, or, I keep saying Lem, Fero opened the door, asked you guys to dance - waves came down, he lifted up off the floor. The Great Fantasmo snuck in briefly. Like it’s been --And then, and then only then did, did the book guy fall onto another guy. Like it’s been a minute let’s say total. So it’s hard to tell if there will be more books coming. The ones on the ground seem to stay on the ground.

NICK: Okay.

KEITH: I’m all set with running if you guys wanna run. I would fly.

ART: I mean, I would try, I mean I would suggest parlaying but, you know we’d be whispering. But like i’m okay with threatening them. We’re bigger than them, I do believe we’d win if we fought them, y’know? I can see like y’know whispering something like y’know: Please stop, we don’t want to destroy you.

ALI: Are we bigger than them?

ART: Yeah, they’re, they’re books.

NICK: Yeah they-

ALI: No, well they’re a form of books. They’re angry men.

NICK: Austin said that they were smaller, they were smaller figures though. 

AUSTIN: Those, those first figures were small. There were a bunch of them. Then the second w-, the ten warriors were big humanoid warriors like..

ALI: Yeah, yeah.

NICK: Oh, I see.

AUSTIN: It’s yeah, they’re fluid like, like we said.

ART: But yeah-

JACK: I’d be up for parlay.

ART: Much like I did, much like I think I can kill all the hats in the hats in the world, I think I can take on all the books in the world.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: Even Moby Dick?

AUSTIN: I will say-

ART: Especially Moby Dick.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Remember so, so -- You could talk to them. You’ve already talked to them, and they’ve responded. You could parlay, but parlay as a move is about having some sort of leverage.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: Something that they want or something that they don’t want. So, so you have to communicate that so keep that in mind.

ART: Sure. So I could, I could go both ways, which is like, well y’know I --Well, let’s, let’s not talk about it, let’s do it.

AUSTIN: Mm.

ART: I, I whisper.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: And I whisper, y’know:

HADRIAN: We’re sorry. We didn’t, we didn’t mean to, to offend. We just need to cross to the other side of the room. Let us, please let us do that, we don’t want, we don’t want this to get out of hand.

AUSTIN: So this is just you talking to them? Not you trying to use the parlay move? Right?

ART: This is, I am, I guess, I guess I’m, I’m starting us talking, if you’re saying it’s a parlay..

AUSTIN: It’s not a parlay unless you can offer them something.

KEITH: Would this, would since they’re attacking us-

ART: Well, I’m offering them that we’re, that if they let us go we’ll, that’s it, this ends and..

AUSTIN: You have to offer them something they want. Like, like money or-

ART: Like quiet?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I guess you could offer them quiet. I guess that’s fair. 

ART: Like, I’m offering them that if you let us go-

AUSTIN: Yeah. Okay.

ART: We’re the, we’re the noisy things.

AUSTIN: Mhm. Yeah, that’s fair.

ART: Catch more flies with honey than with vinegar, bookstack.

AUSTIN: That’s not true, but yeah.

ART: The fly thing, or?

AUSTIN: Yeah, the fly thing is super not true.

KEITH: The fly thing yeah, that’s the opposite of true.

AUSTIN: It is.

ALI: Is that a myth?

KEITH: Yeah, flies fuckin’ love the shit out of vinegar.

ART: Well, that’s not in any of these books.

AUSTIN: Alright so go ahead and, and give me your parlay roll.

ART: Alright, 2d6 plus charisma? So that’s a nine.

AUSTIN: Which says.. 

ART: Next question? I have no idea.

AUSTIN: On a 7-9 they need some concrete assurance of your promise right now.

ART: I mean-

AUSTIN: So they say, they-

ART: Look how quiet I’m being.

AUSTIN: They say.. How do, how do they say this to you? Okay so the ten form closer and closer until instead of being ten individual figures, one figure, that isn’t that much bigger than a normal, normal person, but they are arranged in such a way that they’re full and they have a lot more features and, and depth than they did before. Do you know what I mean? Instead of just being the outlines of figure they are a full person. And they-

ART: What, have they got like book kidneys in there?

AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. Their organs are books.

NICK: The fidelity went up.

AUSTIN: Exactly. Exactly.

NICK: They’ve pulled all of their book pixels together now.

AUSTIN: Exactly. And one approaches you and it claps at you in such a way that even the people who can’t hear the words can recognise talking. And its, its like very soft and the pages are moving back and forth to make ‘L’ sounds and stuff. But again no, no-one but Art can really understand this. And they say

BOOKS: Fine. But leave our kind with us. You should not torture them with your sound.

AUSTIN: And they, they look towards the door behind you, which is where Fantasmo is. And his floating book companion.

KEITH: They want all the books.

ALI: Oh no.

ART: Yeah they’re-

KEITH: Let’s fuck these, let’s fuck these books up. I don’t wanna give my-

NICK: Fantasmo’s first instinct is to-

AUSTIN: They-

NICK: ..like grab all the books.

AUSTIN: Uhuh.

NICK: And like clutch them to his chest.

ART: Well I mean you didn’t, you didn’t hear that. 

AUSTIN: Yeah you --No-one else heard that except for Art.

NICK: Oh well, alright. Yeah you’re right, I’m sorry.

ART: And I’m trying, I can’t like yell out, ‘Hey guys! They say leave the..’ Like, that’s, that’s not..

NICK: Yeah.

ART: That’s not, that’s not doing what I’d said I’d do.

AUSTIN: Well, they also, they also don’t know about-

NICK: Sorry. 

AUSTIN: It’s okay! They also just don’t, they don’t know about the book that Keith has in his bag, presumably. 

KEITH: No, no I gave him them to Nick’s-

ART: No, no Keith gave those books-

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Oh he, gave him the books, oh right! Oh, that’s perfect!

JACK: Wait, where’s that book gone? Oh, he gave it to-

AUSTIN: Those books are with Fantasmo’s floating book servant.

JACK: Ohhh. Man..

ART: I don’t know. For all I know they have a fuckin’ magic book sense.

AUSTIN: That’s true. So what do you do, Art?

ART: How, like, is this --Could I whisper in a way that they would hear me?

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure.

ART: Like, I understand not everyone would hear me.

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: But like --Okay, this isn’t, we’re not in a concert hall.

AUSTIN: No.

ART: So yeah, I, I y’know:

HADRIAN: Alright, they say we can leave. You need to leave your books here. They wanna, they wanna protect them.

NICK: This is where, this is where Fantasmo gathers all his books up and holds them to his chest.

AUSTIN: Right. Right, yes.

ART: Okay.

NICK: I give you, I just give --I, I stand there for a second. Look down at the books, and I look up, I look up at Hadrian. I look through the crack in the door at, at the giant book men and then I like, with a huge pouty lip, I just sort of like drop my head and then hand the books over.

AUSTIN: They float over and at the same time Lem’s ID card floats back to him and slips into his like shirt pocket-

JACK: Oh, cheers!

AUSTIN: ..and they form up the, the kind of the librarian of this s-, of this space, the new book librarian turns away and starts walking away with like a step, step, step. And the books turn and look at you for a brief second and then like kind of nod goodbye... and then step, step walk to the far end and let you through. As long as you don’t make any noise.

JACK: Keith-

KEITH: How are the ones that I-

AUSTIN: They’re all-

KEITH: ..picked up and dropped on eachother?

AUSTIN: They’re all-

KEITH: All of them are fine?

AUSTIN: They’re all, all of them are with the book people, now.

KEITH: Cool. Except for the fact that you gave them my book, you jerk.

NICK: Alright, so can we all just move through the room now?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can all walk through this room now.

NICK: Okay.

KEITH: We’re gonna have to go get more of that dude’s books later.

NICK: Once we’re up the stairs, into the next room, I say,

FANTASMO: I expect replacements for all of those tomes. From each and every one of you.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

FERO: What about me? Those were my books too.

AUSTIN: How are you guys feeling at this point? We’re getting there. We’re, we’re not super far off here. But I don’t know how you guys are feeling in terms of tiredness. I know it’s very late in, in England.

NICK: Yeah.

JACK: Yeah..

NICK: I’m really tired, and I’m starving.

AUSTIN: I have, yeah I figured, I have two things left, planned. Sort of, not planned, I --There are two floors left, is what I’m willing to say. You would know that, at this point, because of the way that Lem flew up it and because of Fantasmo whose not-

JACK and KEITH: Fero.

AUSTIN: I keep saying Lem instead of Fer- --Lem, keeps, in my ears --It’s because of the way he’s acting. Lem-

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I’m acting kind of like a Lem.

AUSTIN: He’s acting, I feel like a Lem. Fero flew up. That’s fine.

KEITH: I’m a fuckin’ Lem right now.

AUSTIN: Fero flew up the thing-

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: ..and knows what height you’re at, lets say. And Fantasmo knows about these, these types of towers. He’s, he’s heard of the towers of the, of this size. So you would know that there are about two floors left. So it’s up to you guys. We can, we can call it here and re-, and come back at some point to finish this up? Or we can push through it. Completely up to y’all.

JACK: I don’t know..

KEITH: If we push through I’d need a break.

AUSTIN: Yeah. And at which point we should just call it, because a break means Jack should go to bed, y’know?

JACK: Yeah.

KEITH: Mhm. Yeah.

JACK: I need to be up before ten o’clock tomorrow so..

AUSTIN: Okay. So-

ALI: Aww..

NICK: Oh jeez.

JACK: 

AUSTIN: What I will say is.. Do you guys go up the next flight of stairs?

KEITH: Yep.

ART: Sure, give us a cliffhanger.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Yeah, go-

AUSTIN: So, as you first, as you start, as you start climbing up the stairs you head like a little murmur behind of the books opening and shutting again. And then, and the waltz goes off again. At the top of the stairs you, you do your little peek again, presumably and inside this floor is a lot smaller it looks like than, than the other floors. So not smaller in, in total size but it doesn’t open up to as big of a space. There’s kind of a hallway with doors on the left and then right. And then straight ahead there’s a another door, and all those doors are, are wide open as soon as you come up this next flight of stairs. Down both of the sides are hallways, or not hallways but rooms filled with supplies like ropes and, and building materials. And the other door is what you can immediately understand to be an armoury, filled with swords, and spears, and armour, and shields. And then straight ahead is a, a, very nice bedroom and on the back wall of that is a mural with a tower and a sun and all sorts of different land around it. There’s a, an ocean, and a desert, and a mountain, and a long plains region, and little cities off in the distance away from this one central tower. And that tower looks sort of like the tower you’re in now, but much bigger and instead of sandstone it’s marble. And you can tell that this is a miniature version of the mural that was on the base, the bottom floor. And resting in one of the chairs is a suit of black and gold armour with red feathers coming down under the torso and a, a black, red --A black and gold cap with red plumes. And it turns and looks up and says:

BLACK ARMOR: What is it?

AUSTIN: And we’ll find out, next week, what it is.

NICK: Good cliffhanger.

AUSTIN: So let’s do, let’s do experience stuff I guess?

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: So, at the end of a session choose one of your bonds that you feel is resolved, completely explored, no longer relevant or otherwise. Ask the player of the character you have the bond if they agree. If they do mark, mark XP, write a new bond with whoever you wish. You don’t have to do this. You can say like ‘Nah, none of my bonds have really wrapped up’.

KEITH: You can tell me if this is a stretch or not. My, I have ‘the spirits spoke to me of a great danger that follows Hadrian’?

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

KEITH: And I would like to resolve that and replace it with that I, I personally feel that Hadrian is dangerous.

AUSTIN: That’s a g-, I like that switch because it goes from, it goes from this a thing I have to be on the lookout for, to it being a personal judgement of yours. If Hadrian’s okay with that, if Art’s okay with that, then I’m okay with it.

ART: I, I would agree that he’s dangerous.

AUSTIN: Yeah so go ahead, both --Oh, actually, just Fero marks experience, yeah.

KEITH: Okay, and that means, that’s just, that means one? One XP?

AUSTIN: Yeah, one XP from that.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Once --Does anybody else have any bonds they want to, they want to change up?

JACK: No, I’m, I’m good.

NICK: None for me either.

AUSTIN: Do you want to form a n-, oh yeah so you did, you formed a new one, and it is ‘I believe Hadrian is dangerous’. 

KEITH: Like, to the group.

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah.

KEITH: Not just any, like not like a, not, He’s a great fighter!

AUSTIN: Right. I know what you mean. Yes.

ART: Oh. Well then I don’t agree, but whatever.

AUSTIN: Mm.

ART: I mean, I agree that he thinks that, I don’t agree..

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah, yeah.

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Once bonds have been updated, look at your alignment, everyone. 

ART: Oh wait, I think I do have a bond I wanna do. Because I had ‘Hella stood by me in battle and can be trusted completely’.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: And I don’t know that, that, that I wanna trust someone completely who sets off my, my evil sense every time I use it.

AUSTIN: Sure. That’s fair! No that’s totally fair. 

ART: So I think I wanna change it to ‘Hella’s misguided behaviour endangers our very soul’.

AUSTIN: Ooh okay. Let me write that down.

ALI: That’s fair.

AUSTIN: That’s fair.

JACK: That’s --To, to be fair to Hella it’s not really misguided be-

AUSTIN: Wait, misgui-, misguided what though? Yeah, it’s not misguided behaviour. Let’s, lets update that and change it to something else.

ART: Suure.

KEITH: Misguided nature?

ART: Like ‘Hella is at a, is at a spiritual crossroads and, and only I can see her through that’?

AUSTIN: Sure! 

ALI: That works ‘cause he-

ART: It’s a little flowery.

ALI: You’ve yet to see me act evil yet.

ART: Right.

ALI: Just, god is-

AUSTIN: No, but he knows his god is saying..

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: ..this is an evil person.

ALI: Right.

AUSTIN: I think that’s, that’s like, that speaks to Art’s, to Hadr --Sorry. That speaks to Hadrian’s faith that that’s enough to give him that. Do you know what I mean? So yeah go ahead and, and take that. As long as, again, as long as Hella is in agreement with it.

ALI: Yeah, that’s-

AUSTIN: That that’s fair, that that’s a fair change.

KEITH: Real quick Austin, can you tell me what I had exactly written for my alignment.

AUSTIN: Sure. Your alignment was ‘destroy a symbol of old civilisation’.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Which I don’t think you did.

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: The Great Fantasmo had ‘gain respect through power’. Which I don’t think.. came up in this game?

NICK: Did anybody-

AUSTIN: I don’t think..

NICK: Did anybody, anybody respect my ability to be a dick?

KEITH: No.

NICK: By just disappearing on you.

KEITH: No. I, if I didn’t feel, if I didn’t, if I wasn’t so interested in switching up the, the bond that I did switch up. I might have switched up ‘The Great Fantasmo has something to teach me’, and resolved it in that, ‘This guy can’t teach shit’.

AUSTIN: No, let’s keep that and see how that goes.

ART: I think he’s way more dangerous to the group that I am, but ‘yknow..

AUSTIN: Lem King’s alignment was ‘avoid a conflict or diffuse a tense situation’. Did you do that at all there?

JACK: I don’t think I did that.

AUSTIN: No, there were moments where you could have done it.

JACK: I think I tried to but I don’t think..

AUSTIN: They were close. You were close a couple of times.

JACK: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Hadrian’s was ‘deny mercy to a criminal or unbeliever’. You did not do that, I don’t care-

ART: No.

KEITH: Well, to be fair Hadrian destroyed and innocent man skeleton.

AUSTIN: That man, Keith, that man was a believer. Hella had-

ART: Yeah, I, I didn’t figure that out til much later though.

AUSTIN: That’s fair. Evil-

ART: I also forgot I have that power. That power would have been super useful right then.

AUSTIN: Hella’s is-

KEITH: I reminded you of the power in the moment I think.

ART: No you didn’t.

AUSTIN: ..‘Kill a defenseless or surrendered enemy’. No, no-one technically killed, you did not kill a defenceless --You didn’t kill anything and Art didn’t even technically kill a defenceless person. But-

ART: Not even close to defenceless! That was self-defence, not a jury in the world would convict me.

AUSTIN: He was a nice old man!

KEITH: You were, you were invading his home. He, he stole, he risked himself to steal pains from his job to paint his wife.

JACK: Yeah like, you’re all, you’re all nice and liberal when it comes to y’know, not wanting to hurt some book people. But just some little skeleton man, you’ll just him right off the bat.

ART: He hit me!

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: You were in his house, he was frightened of you!

ART: He was a-

ALI: Yeah.

NICK: Too hungry for arguing this.

ART: Also! He was a thief.

AUSTIN: Ooh.

NICK: Too hungry..

AUSTIN: That’s.. Okay. Okay.

NICK: Can we please wrap this up, sorry.

AUSTIN: Once bonds have been updated, look at your alignment, blah, blah, blah. Three questions as a group we have to answer: Did we learn something new and important about the world? 

JACK: Um, yeah..

AUSTIN: What did you learn that was new and important? I’m fine with that but you have to agree that you did, like what was it?

JACK: Yeah.

NICK: We learned there’s a lot of ancient magic that still apparently ticking away.

AUSTIN: That’s good.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Did you overcome a noteable monster or enemy.

ALI: No.

ART: Yeah, that thieving skeleton!

KEITH and ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: I do, I don’t know, I feel like, I feel like those books could have posed a pretty serious threat.

AUSTIN: Are you all-

KEITH: There was a lot of them.

AUSTIN: Are you all in agreement on that?

JACK: Yeah, I think I am.

NICK: Yeah, I think so.

AUSTIN: Okay, that’s two.

NICK: Yeah like, they wanted to, if they wanted to bring the full power of the entire library to bear like..

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, yes.

NICK: ..that would have been..

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: It would have been rough.

ART: But Keith did like five damage and killed two of them.

AUSTIN: Right, so this is the question, is like, right but-

KEITH: I did five damage to one of them, and then dropped that on another one.

AUSTIN: Right. Whatever, the point is, did you overcome it? I think so. I think you overcame that, that..

NICK: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I wanna encourage non-combat solutions, as much as I want --Like, yeah, I’m gonna give you the one XP for this. Sure.

KEITH: I would have liked to have not killed-

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Or not, thought that I killed those two books for a little while.

AUSTIN: Right. Did we, did you loot a memorable treasure. No. That meal was good but not-

KEITH: I’ll never, I’ll never get that book.

AUSTIN: ..great. For each answer, for each answer everyone marks XP. So multiple XP. Also! Here’s a thing we didn’t do all game and now I need to remem-, to remind you guys to do it. And I feel bad about this. Every time you fail a roll, like a six or under, mark XP.

KEITH: Okay.

NICK: Alright.

AUSTIN: So think about that. I guess, we can, once this is-

KEITH: I think I only failed one roll, that, the very beginning roll.

ALI: Wait, that you lose it or that you get it?

KEITH: Gain one.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You gain an XP whenever you miss a roll.

ALI: Okay.

NICK: So it’s like-

AUSTIN: So Ali at least has one, for when she missed the opening roll. What were you gonna say, Nick?

NICK: I was gonna say, it’s like you’ve made mistake and you’ve learned from it.

AUSTIN: Exactly like that. Yep.

NICK: Which is, I, I love to death.

AUSTIN: Me too, it’s the best.

KEITH: Yeah, that’s great.

NICK: Yeah, I, I got one when I failed the, when I bungled the invis-, the first invisibility.

AUSTIN: The first invis-, yes, yes. Did anybody else make a complete goof, on this? A six or under?

ART: No.

AUSTIN: I don’t think so.

ALI: Not in the goof troop.

NICK: The complete goof troop.

AUSTIN: Oh! Keith did! Keith missed the first roll. The, the-

KEITH: Yeah, no I mentioned that, I already mentioned that.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Alright! That’s it. We’ll schedule-

KEITH: Okay, so what was that, four XP? I think for me?

ALI: Three?

AUSTIN: Three from these questions, right?

KEITH: Okay, three from the questions.

AUSTIN: No two, two from the questions. 

ALI: Two from the questions and then one.

AUSTIN: And then bond.

NICK: Yeah, yeah.

KEITH: Bond one, roll one, so yeah four.

AUSTIN: Yeah, four total for you, yeah.

ART: Oh wait! Ehh it’s I don’t wanna, I don’t wanna bother... I’m thinking, I’m, I’m, I’m still on alignment. I’m still thinking I did fail to show mercy to a criminal, but I didn’t know he was a criminal at the time.

AUSTIN: You didn’t know he was a criminal. 

ART: I don’t know how..

AUSTIN: It’s debatable if he was a criminal. 

ART: I! How dare you, he was a thief!

AUSTIN: You don’t know the whole thing. He may have once been a criminal but I’m not sure that he was anymore. 

ART: That’s outrageous.

NICK: Wait, are you talking about the skeleton?

AUSTIN: He’s talking about the skeleton.

KEITH: Yeah, he lifted a couple things of paint from his job. 

ALI: Yeah.

ART: That’s a crime! That’s what the lawful alignment seems to be about-

AUSTIN: Here’s what I’ll say, here’s what I’ll say-

ART: .. is making you identify what crimes are.

AUSTIN: The man who, the man who stole the paints is dead, he was dead before you got there. What you killed were that man’s bones. Who were doing something else.

ART: Okay..

JACK: Well, hitting, hitting him with a broom. 

ART: Yeah!

AUSTIN: That man’s-

ART: Also a crime!

AUSTIN: That man’s broom-

ART: That was assault.

AUSTIN: That man had, that skeleton had a broom, was doing something with the broom beforehand that wasn’t.. That man, hm.. I’m not gonna tell you how this thing works. That man’s bones were doing the job the man wasn’t. Is what I’ll say.

ALI: Wait, but I thought the, I thought the- 

KEITH: Ooh that man was cursed to forever do a good joooob.

ALI: Oookay. 

AUSTIN: So-

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: That’s, that’s the game. Thanks for joining me, I’m Austin Walker, you can find me at austin_walker on twitter, the calcutec over on twitch, which is a place that we do streams. You can find our, our videogames streams on streamfriends.tv, you can find our, our archives. And at twitch.tv/streamfriends for our live stuff. You can also read the stuff I write at clockworkworkworlds.com. Joining me this time from east to west is: Jack deQuidt.

JACK: Hi there. You can find me on twitch and twitter at notquitereal. And at my game studios website thetalltreesgames.co.uk.

AUSTIN: Keith Carberry.

KEITH: My name is Keith Carberry, you can find me on twitter at something dumb. You can find the LetsPlays that I do at runbutton.net or youtube.com/runbutton and if you’re not into that whole pre-recorded thing you can go to twitch.tv/runbutton and watch the live stuff.

AUSTIN: Also joining us: Ali Acampora, or Alisha.

ALI: Yeah I’m Alisha Acampora, you can find me at ali_west on twitter. 

AUSTIN: Nick Saundergraf, who I think is in the middle of the country somewhere.

NICK: Yep. You can find me at twitch, twitter and youtube /drevilbones.

AUSTIN: And, last but not least, playing our lawful paladin Hadrian, out of Los Angeles.

KEITH: Really playing that lawful paladin.

AUSTIN: Really, really playin’ it. Is Arthur Tebbel.

ART: Hey I’m Art Tebbel. You can find me on twitter at atebbel. On mondays or sometimes tuesdays, you can read my movie reviews at comicmix.com. I’m also generally around the streamfriends experience.

AUSTIN: Thanks for joining us everyone. We’ll be back, hopefully next week, to wrap up this adventure. And then we’ll see where it goes. Bye!

[AUTUMN03]

AUSTIN: Alright! Are we— Are we gonna time.is, or are we gonna—

JACK: Oh, I haven’t pressed record yet. I’m gonna do that right now.

AUSTIN: Okay. I’m recording… 

JACK: Oh, no, I have pressed record. 

KEITH: I recommend… I recommend not doing time.is because it—

AUSTIN: Oh, has it been busted?

KEITH: Well, just because Jack has a— has a time.is deficiency?

AUSTIN: Did we figure out if that was permanent?

ALI: Well, no. We only did that that one time.

AUSTIN: Yeah, we didn't-

ART: We were in a different location then.

ALI: We can try it again.

JACK: Yo, I wanna make it very clear that I wasn't doing that as part of a bit. That was a legitimate time—

KEITH: No no no, I know. I know that you…

JACK: Austin, do you have a Starbucks close enough to your house that you can get a Starbucks for your house? 

AUSTIN: I mean this is from like an hour ago when I was at a Starbucks.

JACK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: I walked home with it. So.

JACK: It's a venti.

AUSTIN: I'm like thirty minutes. I'm like make a thirty minute walk from it.

KEITH: So, can everyone confirm that I am counting seconds that you're seeing on time dot is? Thirty-eight.

AUSTIN: Yes. 39.

KEITH: 39. 40.

JACK: I don't—what are you talking about.

AUSTIN: Go to time.is.

KEITH: Go time.is.

JACK: Oh, I see.

KEITH: Are you.

JACK: Um, for me, time.is is like, 35.

KEITH: 51. Yeah, so we cannot use time.is.

AUSTIN: Oh, jeez!

KEITH: Yeah. Time.is not working.

AUSTIN: Someone should tell them! Someone should tell them.

JACK: Forty-five.

KEITH: Someone gotta email them. So, I think "three, two, one, clap" worked before, kind of?

AUSTIN: Let's time.— Or, let's time.clap, let's clap. Let's three.clap.

KEITH: Let's us.clap.

AUSTIN: Us— us.clap, right.

KEITH: Time.gov. Does time.gov have seconds?

ALI: I don't…

KEITH: Also, Jack's '.gov' is different than our '.gov'.

AUSTIN: No.

JACK: Mmmmmm.

ART: I don't think that's true.

AUSTIN: That's not true.

ALI: That might be true.

JACK: I have a— I have a reactionary conservative government.

AUSTIN: Yeah. What's it say on your time.gov?

ART: It has seconds for me.

AUSTIN: Yeah, me too.

KEITH: I'm seeing 39, 40… Jack, what you got?

AUSTIN: Jack?

JACK: Uh, I'm sorry, what—from time.is or time.gov?

KEITH: Time.gov.

AUSTIN: .gov.

ALI: Time.gov.

JACK: Uhhh, the time.gov for me is 10:58:11. 12.

AUSTIN: Oh, that's good! Great!

JACK: 13.

ALI: That's—yeah!

JACK: 14.

ART: That's good. We can do this!

KEITH: Time dot gov.

JACK: 15. 16.

AUSTIN: Time.gov. Bye, time.is!

JACK: 17. 18. 19. 20. 

KEITH: Time.is outta here!

ART: Private enterprise fails again!

KEITH: Mhm.

JACK: I have a confession for you which is that I thought time.is was just a comedy bit we were doing based on counting and not a real website.

AUSTIN: Wait.

KEITH: Wait, really?

AUSTIN: So you haven't ever been—

ALI: Wait.

KEITH: Wait, what about earlier when you said "It's not a bit"?

JACK: Oh, well I was— 

AUSTIN: Was that also a bit?

KEITH Yeah! Were you lying—

AUSTIN: Was that an embedded bit?

KEITH: Were you lying before, or are you lying now?

JACK: I— I was using my uh, my system clock.

KEITH: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: That's—

JACK: Which I assumed was time.is.

AUSTIN: No…

KEITH: Oh, no. There is a real time.is.

JACK: That was probably the issue.

KEITH: And the reason we use it is because it syncs up actual clocks and tells you the actual time?

AUSTIN: And now we've—

JACK: I've assume that was the problem. 

AUSTIN: Now we've libeled time.is.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You've made us libel it.

KEITH: We've libeled—yeah.

AUSTIN: Slander it? I don't know what this is.

KEITH: We've gotta put out- 

JACK: Libel. I haven't written it down.

KEITH: -ahead of this, a press release saying, "All opinions about time.is were strictly parody."

JACK: That's the one.

KEITH: Alright. So are we gonna do a…

AUSTIN: Well now we should do time.is to let them know that we still support them.

KEITH: Yeah!

JACK: Do we—

KEITH: We still support time…

JACK: Well, okay, do I need to now load time.is, now?

KEITH: Yeah, you have to go—you have to load time.is…

AUSTIN: It's a big program…

KEITH: This is a legal issue.

JACK: This is a level of effort that I was not expecting when signing on to a Skype call with my friends.

AUSTIN: Let's clap at five seconds.

ALI: How— mmm.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: At 0:35.

ART: … 03:05.

AUSTIN: Oh, boy.

ART: Someone didn't do great.

KEITH: Austin didn't do great. It's fine.

AUSTIN: I hit at f— Mmm. Hey everyone, welcome to Friends at the Table. We're an actual play podcast focusing on critical worldbuilding, smart characterisation, and fun interaction between good friends. Currently in the middle of our first big adventure, in Dungeon World, which is a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel. Does anybody remember… uh, where we— where we left off? Whoever does gets to be introduced first.

KEITH: Uhh. We were about to fight a big black knight.

AUSTIN: Keith Carberry is joining us today.

JACK: Keith-

NICK: Wait a minute-

JACK: that is a direct and outright lie.

KEITH: It's not a lie!

NICK: He didn't get that right; why does he get to go first?

AUSTIN: 'Cause he's not wrong!

KEITH: I'm not wrong!

AUSTIN: He's not wrong. I just listened—

KEITH: Weren’t we about to fight a big black knight?

AUSTIN: I just listened to the last episode, uh… 

KEITH: What do you guys think we did?!

AUSTIN: Yeah! Everyone tell me what you thought you did!

JACK: Oh, yeah.

KEITH: My name's Keith Carberry and I'm the only active listener in a podcast about listening.

AUSTIN: Listening isn't in one of our things. Who else is with us? And what do you think— what's one thing you remember from the last game?

NICK: My name is Nick, and the last thing I remember was walking up the stairs from the library.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm?

NICK: So, I forgot about what happened after… that.

AUSTIN: That's fine.

NICK: Apparently.

AUSTIN: Jack, what do you remember from the last game?

NICK: Oh, there was a cliffhanger!

JACK: My name is Jack de Quidt.

AUSTIN: There was.

JACK: My name is Jack de Quidt. I have, uh… I've already been on one podcast this evening, and the last thing I remember was a cliffhanger, that I don't remember any details of whatsoever!

AUSTIN: That's how you know it's a good cliffhanger.

KEITH: Mhm.

JACK: You can find me on twitter @notQuiteReal, where I will also fail to remember things that you tell me.

AUSTIN: Ali, what do you remember from the last session?

ALI: Um… Yeah, I only remember going up those stairs. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Oh my God!

ALI: At the end.

AUSTIN: Yep.

KEITH: Oh my— What were you doing?

ALI: I mean there was all the stuff before it that was cool, like all the books and that weird house.

JACK: Yeah, and all this cool stuff!

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Yeah, there was a lot of things there!

NICK: Yeah, yeah. 

JACK: Uh, Keith screwed us over!

KEITH: I— I— You guys pretend— You guys were like, "Oh man, Keith is such a fucking idiot, he thought there was a knight that you were about to fight." Like, no, there super was, and none of you remember!

AUSTIN: Art, do you remember…

KEITH: I didn't even get to plug my shit! My name's Keith Carberry, you can find me on twitter @SomethingDumb and you can find the let's plays that I do at youtube.com/RunButton or RunButton.net! I'm a good listener, I listen there too!

ALI: Also, he's so good at listening that he interrupted my introduction. My name—

KEITH: It's— No— You don't get— You don't get an uninterrupted introduction, 'cause you didn't remember anything about last week!

ALI: My name is Alicia Acampora, you can find me @ali_west on twitter.com.

JACK: Not @somethingdumb.

AUSTIN: Art—?

KEITH: No. But you should go there.

ART: Hey, I'm Art Tebbel, what I think happened at the end of last time is we went up those stairs and there was that—that guy. I don't remember him being black. I don't know why it's gotta be a black or white thing?

AUSTIN: He's— hmm. Hmmm.

ART: But I do remember him saying something sassy like, "Finally you're here," or… "What are you gonna do with all that ass inside those jeans?"

AUSTIN: No.

ALI: Did that happen? That didn't happen.

KEITH: Was he not wearing black armour?

AUSTIN: Definitely not that. No, he definitely didn't say that.

ART: I dunno.

AUSTIN: Where can people find you, Art?

ART: Uh, you can find me on twitter @ATebbel; you can read stuff I write at ComicMix.com, assuming my most recent, really half-assed piece does not have me dismissed from there yet.

AUSTIN: Great! Nick, people didn't—you didn't get to say where you were from.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: On the internet.

NICK: Uh, you can find me at twitch, twitter, youtube/DrEvilBones, and uh, P1LP2 takes you to Player 1 Loves Player 2, a not-as-often-updated video series of mine where I play video games with my husband!

AUSTIN: Awesome. And this, Friends at the Table, is kind of a co-production between StreamFriends—which is a group where most of us do a lot of streaming. You can find us at twitch.tv/streamFriends, and archives of our stuff go up at StreamFriends.tv. check those out—and, obviously, Keith already plugged Run Button. Keith does all of the audio engineering, and I wanna thank him for that, on this.

KEITH: You're welcome!

AUSTIN: He's done a really good job on the first episode, from what I've heard so far. The final of that should be up soon…and then, I—

ART: Well, anyone listening to this will have already heard the first one.

AUSTIN: Ideally! Maybe they jumped right in, I don't know. Right into the third session—

JACK: All caught up.

AUSTIN: The third— Yeah.

ART: But then they're not gonna care about the production!

KEITH: Maybe they— Maybe they heard the buzz?

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: But they didn't wanna get that backstory.

AUSTIN: It's true. Uh—

KEITH: I need confirmation on whether or not that this knight was wearing black armour or not.

AUSTIN: I'll get there. Jack de Quidt also made the beautiful music that you heard at the beginning of each of these episodes, and he's only just made that-

JACK: Thank you.

AUSTIN: -right before this recording, so, we wanna thank him for that. And hopefully we'll have some art for the cover of these things, not— I'll thank that person once that's a confirmed thing, but thanks, Craig, maybe? If that… finishes? Um…

KEITH: Wait, let's call— For safety, let's call him Greg.

AUSTIN: Greg. Thanks, Greg.

KEITH: Or we'll just beep it out.

AUSTIN: We'll beep it. We—

AUSTIN: This is… 

JACK: Keith, I'm beginning to suspect that you just like beep people out.

KEITH: No, it's not that I like beeping people, it that…I hate Ron.

AUSTIN: Ohh.

JACK: You…did it again! Oh my God. 

AUSTIN: You did it again. God damn it. So, at the end of the last episode, to confirm what Keith had said, you'd climbed up the floor from the library, with the living books, and had climbed into a big open entryway, that had two doors on the left and right side, and then a door straight ahead. The doors to the left and right opened up into kind of a storeroom, and an armory, you could tell. And straight ahead opened up into a big, lush bedroom, with red carpeting and there were some other stuff in there that you couldn't— that you can't see yet 'cause you're still before that, but on the far wall, you saw a replication of that mural that you'd seen downstairs. Which had the tower. A giant tower, sort of like this one, but even bigger; a bunch of different environments behind it, from— ranging from, you know, kind of a seashore, to a deep forest, and some mountains, and some other cities in the distance. And then, there was a knight in black armour. 

KEITH: Nailed it!

AUSTIN: Black and gold lacquer and metal armour, with gold trim-

KEITH: You guys are so bad.

AUSTIN: -and below the torso there was kind of like a skirt of red feathers. And he had a helmet on, with kind of a red plume at the top, and again this kind of like gold trim and gold accents throughout the armour. And I think the last thing he said was um, something like—

KEITH: Something about jeans?

AUSTIN: He was like, something about your butt in jeans. I think he—no, he was, 

KNIGHT: What's this?

AUSTIN: And he looked up at you, and his body shifts. He'd been sitting kind of lazily, you see. But at seeing you, straightens right up.

ART: I like that Keith remembered the black armour but not the skirt made of feathers.

KEITH: I remembered something about red, and I didn't know what it was, and I was imagining there was like, like a red helmet thing, but um… 

AUSTIN: Right.

ALI: It's really off-brand of me to not remember black and gold armour.

AUSTIN: It is, Ali.

ALI: I feel like this didn't happen.

AUSTIN: We have audio proof.

JACK: Austin, when you say— When you say "black and gold armour", are you talking about almost like the um…like the design masks from A Machine for Pigs? Like this fancy inlaid—

AUSTIN: I still haven't played Machine… I still haven't played it.

NICK: Okay. 

JACK: Oh, well, okay in that case. 

NICK: You should play Machine for Pigs. I like that game a lot.

AUSTIN: I know. I know, I super should.

JACK: Do you know what I'm talking about, Nick?

AUSTIN: Uh, what I had in mind is…

NICK: Yeah, I do. 

AUSTIN: What I have in mind, for the nerds out there, is something close to the Ordinator masks from Morrowind.

JACK: Oh, that's interesting!

KEITH: Oohh.

JACK: Okay, that's interesting.

AUSTIN: Which is, kind of… But not just a gold face.

JACK: Mmmm.

AUSTIN: Like, the black and gold on the face. It's kind of a…

KEITH: Can we agree that this whole thing is "for the nerds out there"?

AUSTIN: Yeah. That's true.

KEITH: And not just that one thing you said?

AUSTIN: That's true. That's fair, that's fair. Uh… 

JACK: Anybody's welcome! Seriously, anybody's welcome.

KEITH: Yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, this knight shuffles up from his chair, and begins to reach for his sword. What do you do?

KEITH: What did—I was just a…I was a halfling at the time, right?

JACK: And you still are.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you've always been playing a halfling.

KEITH: Well sometimes I'm things like a hummingbird or a bear.

AUSTIN: Oh, oh, oh, oh right, you were just a—

KEITH: Yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you were just a— We kind of wrapped that bit quickly, but yes.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Far as I know, you were still just a halfling.

JACK: Um. 

KEITH: Um. 

JACK: Er, Art, do you wanna take a shot at communicating with him?

AUSTIN: I mean he's speaking in a language you can all hear.

ART: No we can all— He's speaking your language. 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Oh, is he? Yeah, okay.

ART: I can give a shot at commanding him to stop, but we've had uneven results with that.

JACK: Maybe save that for a bit. Yeah. Um, I think I'd like to Speak Frankly with him please.

AUSTIN: Okay, what are you saying?

JACK: Ummm, I'd like to ask him—

AUSTIN: Remember, to Speak Frankly, you have to speak frankly.

JACK: Mmm, yes—

AUSTIN: That—you get to use that move, after you've had a frank discussion with him. It's not…

JACK: Yeah…

AUSTIN: In Dungeon World, to do the move, you do the move. You don't just like—

JACK: Yeah, no…that's fair.

AUSTIN: So…

KEITH: Be ready to have him just start attacking you while you're trying to talk to him, okay. 

JACK: That's okay. I'm talking to him from behind Art, at this stage…

AUSTIN: Okay, okay.

JACK: So, I'm kind of like—

AUSTIN: Also, actually, wait. Before we move on—and this is a mistake that we should have done last time—Jack, what do you look like?

JACK: The—sorry?

AUSTIN: What do you look like?

KEITH: What do— your character.

AUSTIN: Your character. What does—

JACK: Ah. I'm a— I'm a kind of…

AUSTIN: What does…Lem look like?

KEITH: Hold on.

JACK: Austin…

ART: Is Austin breaking up for everyone?

KEITH: I think Austin's breaking up for everyone.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I'm—my connection is being bad.

ALI: He might be—

JACK: He's frozen.

ART: Oh, his video's frozen.

KEITH: Oh— There we go, you're back.

AUSTIN: Am I back?

JACK: He's back, hi.

AUSTIN: Sort of? Yeah, sorry. Canadian internet. This is why—

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: It should be part of the recording as long as you're recording locally.

AUSTIN: Yep!

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I am recording locally twice.

KEITH: Great! Yeah. Awesome.

JACK: Multiple— Fifteen times!

AUSTIN: Yep.

JACK: Um…what do I look like?

AUSTIN: Yeah, what does Lem look like? This is a thing that we didn't do last time and really should've.

JACK: I guess he's a comparatively diminutive for an orc, but…that's an orc, so I guess he's sort of…a six-feet-tall, leather-armoured-wearing, green-tinted tusked thing?

AUSTIN: Okay. Do you have hair?

JACK: I think probably… sort of like a topknot? Almost…

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: But what "look" things did you pick?

AUSTIN: That's a good question.

JACK: Oh, um… Okay—joyous eyes, wild hair, travelling clothes, thin body.

AUSTIN: Okay. So thin, but again, for an orc. So…

JACK: Yeah, like, there's a— I think there's a reason that I've probably picked, like, strength as one of my primary skills, which is that even as an orc bard— as an orc archivist— Lem's still an orc?

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: Which is, you know. Um… 

AUSTIN: Tough one.

JACK: So, uh, and I think I'm kind of drenched in this sort of leather archivist's armour, which is lots of pockets, and unfolding pieces, and…

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Like, almost like, you know like nurses wear upside-down watches on their front so they can look down? I think archivists kind of have… components like that. Alright, so um, I head for the um— to the knight like um,

LEM: Hi! We've travelled— We've travelled all the way up here. We met the living library. We met the chefs um. We come here in peace; we don't come here in anger. Whom do you serve?

AUSTIN: His… The mask part of his helmet, like, cracks into a smirk. It moves slowly, almost like in stop animation style, you know? 

JACK: Mmm!

AUSTIN: And then locks into the smirk.

KEITH: Ah, he's a robot!

JACK: Art—Keith, I just said we came in peace!

ART: If relevant, I'm defending…

AUSTIN: Okay. That's—how are you—

ART: Jack

AUSTIN: So you're like—so Jack's behind you and you're like…

JACK: Cheers, Art.

ART: Yeah, but it's a— it's a— defensive pose. Like, my weapon's out, but it's not in a…

AUSTIN: Mm.

ART: It's in a deflect— 

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: I'm primed to deflect, not to attack.

AUSTIN: Yep.

JACK: Thanks.

ALI: Yeah, I imagine Hella's the same way. Like, her hand is on her sword, but she hasn't pulled it yet.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: It's sort of a like, I'm ready to go down.

JACK: Yeah.

ART: I'm like—

JACK: I assume we're pretty…

ART: But like defending is a proper move.

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah it is, but I just need to have the image in my head of what you guys are doing. 

ART: Yeah.

JACK: I assume we're pretty cautious after the library.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Mh-hmm.

AUSTIN: He steps forward once, aggressively, but communicatively—not to attack, but to kind of communicate that you should leave. That's the kind of, the presence that he's giving you.

KNIGHT: I don't know what in the name o' Good King Samot you want, but this place isn't yours. Get out!

ART: Huh.

FERO: So, you guys, I think we, instead of getting out, wanna go past this guy.

LEM: Hm! Yeah, I'm with you there, Keith. I mean, Fero.

AUSTIN: Though again, to paint you the picture of the— of the space. You're now in this kind of entry hall, and then… He's inside of another room. Like, he's a room away from you, he's just coming towards you through that door.

JACK: Hm!

AUSTIN: He's not at the doorway yet, but he's comings toward that doorway, and then to your left and right are other rooms, that you can kind of see go to the left and the right, and then they go forward, after— They're like L shapes.

JACK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: They're like Tetris pieces. Going that way.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean?

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh, I'm making hand motions, for the webcam… Our audience can't see those! But…

KEITH: I…yeah.

AUSTIN: Like, L shape.

KEITH: Real quick—

AUSTIN: And a reverse "L".

KEITH: Real quick, what do I… I missed the section where we decided what we were using for dice, so I don't have my dice thing up.

AUSTIN: Oh, sorry. It's—we're using rolz.org/group.

ART: "Rolz" with a "Z".

AUSTIN: Rolzzzuh. I linked it. Uh, group is StreamFriends.

KEITH: Alright, great. I'll edit this out, so don't worry about it.

ART: Oh, uh…uh…

JACK: So we can just say terrible things at this stage.

KEITH: Yeah, say whatever you want. Say whatever garbage you want right now.

JACK: God damn it Ron.

KEITH: God damn it Ron, you fucker!

ART: Ugh!

KEITH: Ugh, man! He ruined that game! He knew that his NPC would've died! You filled a oxygen bubble—

AUSTIN: That's not the worst of it! That's not the worst of it! There was another worse.

KEITH: What's the game—?

AUSTIN: There was another game I was in—

ART: Ohhh, the worst! The worst! The worst of it!

AUSTIN: This might not be the very worst. Actually, see now I don't know what Art has in mind. But the one that I have in mind is when he was in kind of a, like a kind of noir, hard-boiled detective horror game? Uh, that a friend of ours ran. And his whole thing was just like…the most stereotypical, white dude shit. Fedora-wearing, his family had been murdered, his whole life was him trying to get the serial killer who killed his family.

KEITH: Ugh.

AUSTIN: And he finds this guy, who ends up being this kind of like, mystical demon serial killer thing, 'cause like, of course.

KEITH: Mm.

AUSTIN: And the DM makes it very clear that like, this is not the space where you should engage with him. Like, this is me giving you a shot at this character, letting you know you're on the right track. This is not a safe spot for you. And he's like, "Well, my character would go for it anyway. He has the will to see him through." Like, "This is his whole life." And he goes after this guy, and…you know, the lights go out— He's fighting in this big, like, dockside warehouse, and the lights go out, and he gets like lifted telekinetically and thrown against shit, and then like keeps going after the guy despite not being able to see him, and despite continually being lifted into the air through telekinetic magic.

JACK: Hm!

AUSTIN: And eventually is like, impaled on a spike with telekinesis and dies! And gets super upset because, quote, "That's not how telekinesis works! You have to see something to lift it with your mind!" And like-

NICK: Wow.

AUSTIN: nah dog, that's not— that's— it's magic! Like, that's the, "That's not how fireballs work" argument.

NICK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Which is just like, no it's magic. It works the way it works. Like…

KEITH: Right. It works the way that I say it works 'cause I made it.

JACK: For you though, Austin…

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: For you, Austin, is that more or less egregious than putting him in a ball of pure oxygen and setting him on fire?

AUSTIN: That was more egregious 'cause he was a player in that instance, and was like, trying to tell the GM that his— That, like, the game logic didn't make sense to him, instead of like—

JACK: Yeah, I can see that.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean?

JACK: Mhm, yeah.

ART: This isn't my idea of what the worst thing Ron ever did was, but my favourite Ron as a player story is the time where he was— We were all given, like, famous characters to play?

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

ART: And he was given Beowulf and the—

AUSTIN: Oh! No, save this! Save this! Save this! Mmm!

AUSTIN: Okay! He was given Beowulf—

JACK: Save this for what, Austin?

AUSTIN: I was gonna say another episode! It's so good. It's one of the best Ron stories.

KEITH: Okay. Damn it Ron.

ART: So I am or I'm not saving it?

KEITH: You are saving it, yeah.

JACK: Are you saving this for when we tell your Ron story on-?

AUSTIN: Save it for next week! We'll tell the Beowulf Ron story next time.

KEITH: Every week we'll have a Ron story.

AUSTIN: Oh…

ART: But they'll all be beeped! He's gonna figure this out, guys!

KEITH: There's no way he didn't figure it out off the first one! He knows!

AUSTIN: He was a nice man! I just can't play RPGs with him.

KEITH: I'm sure Ron is a sweetheart. I just…don't…th—

AUSTIN: Who's… Alric?

KEITH: What?

AUSTIN: Who's Alric?

KEITH: I said "I'm sure Ron is a sweetheart".

ART: That's Keith.

AUSTIN: No no, sorry—

ALI: That's—Keith just changed his name.

AUSTIN: Ohhh, Keith didn't change his name when he entered—

KEITH: Oh.

AUSTIN: Okay. I thought we had an intruder. So!

ALI: Anyway.

AUSTIN: A man is coming towards you!

ALI: So yeah!

KEITH: Yep.

AUSTIN: Said some things…

JACK: Uh, we need to make this distinction— We need to make this distinction clearer for Keith.

ALI: So, what are the—

JACK: Let's do a pause, and then let's start. 

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: So, uh, we didn't go over this, but I've always imagined my holy symbol is a ring that looks like the crown?

AUSTIN: Mmm. Mh-hmm. Mh-hmm.

KEITH: I think you mentioned that last time, didn't you?

AUSTIN: Oh! Art! You notice something as he's coming towards you.

ART: Okay?

AUSTIN: At the centre of his armour, which is this kind of black lacquer, again, gold and it almost looks like a bug carapace. It's rounded, it has like really bulbous pauldrons and like…the inky—like there's an inky blackness to it, the way like a beetle shell might have. But on his chest is-

ART: Gross.

AUSTIN: uh, is a symbol—a much more primitive symbol? Like, not like a— not primitive in like a sociological way, primitive in an artistic way, like there's— It's just shapes; it's just geometric shapes—is a symbol that you recognise as being a version of the Samothes symbol.

JACK: Huh.

AUSTIN: What's different about this is that it hurts to look at it. Normally that doesn't happen. And for you, Art, it— You can see… it kind of being… It's a little wavy. It sort of has like that heat, like the way heat can make a highway look blurry and wavy. No-one else can see that, but for everyone it's kind of hard to look at.

JACK: Mm.

ART: I was gonna hold my hand out so he can see the ring?

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

ART: And I'm gonna—and I'm gonna not use the powered version of this, but the mundane version of, you know.

HADRIAN: I also serve the Great King. I've pledged to him that I needed to investigate this place. There are strange things, and we need to find out what's going on. Please let us pass.

KNIGHT: If the King sent ya, why didn't he tell me about it?

ART: Oh. That's a… strange thing to say.

JACK: That's a… semi-aggressive answer right there. 

ART: Uh…

LEM: Fantasmo?

NICK: Uh…Fantasmo turns invisible. No. Fantasmo just shrugs.

ART: Um… 

KEITH: I think that we should ask him why the, like if the king knows that he's here.

HADRIAN: The— Well no— The—the King speaks to you often?

KNIGHT: When he needs.

ART: I…

AUSTIN: He's kind of slowed his step here at this point. Uh, he recogn—But is still—he has not, like, lifted his hand off his sword, but he hasn't continued walking towards you.

ART: Sure. Uh… I don't know how to prove this. This is…this is hard. Uh… 

NICK: What if you did your, um…?

ALI: Yeah, don't you have a spell version of what you just told him?

ART: Well, yeah but I don't know—I don't really know how that metaphysically works. I guess we could find out here.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: I was gonna say what if you did part of your…your prayer ritual? For him?

ART: Uh…

ALI: I mean.

KEITH: Well I don't know if this guy's a paladin, right? He's just a-

ART: I don’t—yeah but—

KEITH: -king guy.

ART: Well I can tell you what I—what me the player thinks is happening, but it’s…

JACK: I mean, what is it we want out of this guy? Do we want just to pass him, or do we want some sort of information that we’re not getting yet?

ALI: Well he seems—

ART: His phrasing—I mean I guess we just don’t wanna—I don’t wanna kill this man. Uh, but his phrasing—

JACK: Right, yeah, neither do I.

KEITH: Austin, what is the—?

ART: His phrasing is odd, right? Like, I the player am picking up his phrasing as odd. But my character, who’s you know, better version at this fake religion than I am also finds the way he’s talking strange, right?

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Mhm. That’s fair.

KEITH: It doe— Yeah, it seems— He definitely seems confident.

ART: Well, he might— He might have known— He might be really old.

KEITH: Yeah.

ART: He might be used to talking…

KEITH: So you’re saying that—

ART: He might have talked to Samothes when he was a person.

JACK: Yeah, he might-

KEITH Do you—? 

JACK: be more versed in Samothes than any of us are.

ART: Well…

KEITH: D’you…do you think that he’s been here long enough that…the king that he’s talking about is a different king?

ART: No, I think it’s like-

KEITH: No?

ART: -literally the same king.

KEITH: Okay.

ART: But like-

KEITH: Um-

ART: -in a way that like—

KEITH: Austin, what does the rest of the room look like?

AUSTIN: Um…have you-

ALI: Well, we’re in a ha—

AUSTIN: -stepped into his room yet? Or you guys are still in the entryway. So, in the entryway—I’ll describe the entryway. The entryway that you guys stepped into is tiled marble floors, with kind of…like a white marble there, but then like on the fringes, on the edges of the room, is kind of a bluish-green marble? And above the doorway, into his— into that big bedroom, is a plaque that was hung there, that has the same sort of symbol that’s on his chest. But you can see, even at a glance, that there’s something behind that plaque, that the plaque is covering.

KEITH: Okay.

ART: I think I should go for it. I think I have to go for the-

KEITH: You should tell him about—

ART: -proper version of the command.

KEITH: You should try telling him about the waves first, since you’re already talking to him. Be like , “Hey, the— We’re here because of the waves.”

ART: Okay…

KEITH: Yeah!

ART: I guess I can start with that. Um, you know, I’m continuing to hold my hand up, at him, and it’s, you know,

ART: We were sent here because waves emanate from this island. It’s disturbing people. If you tell us what’s causing this, we can leave.

KNIGHT: …Then you don’t come from Samot.

AUSTIN: And he draws his sword.

KNIGHT: Cali! Brutus!

AUSTIN: And you hear some movement from the rooms behind him.

ART: I didn’t hear what you s— Okay.

AUSTIN: Okay. I’ll re—I’ll re… My connection’s—

ART: You broke up and I didn’t hear what you said.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: He said:

KNIGHT: Then you don’t come from Samot.

AUSTIN: And then called for his compatriots, Cali and Brutus.

ART: Alright I gotta use the—I gotta use the powered version of this.

JACK: Yeah, go for it.

ART: Alright.

JACK: I got no objection.

KEITH: What is the powered version of it? You just say the same thing you did before, but it…?

AUSTIN: Yeah, can you read the—this is—?

ART: I give him a command, with divine authority, and I can get an advantage on him.

JACK: I’m concerned here, though, that if this guy seems to think that he’s working for Samothes, I don’t know to what extent your divine authority will play out. But I guess we’ll see!

ART: I—I can’t— ’Cause again it’s—it’s again—’cause I don’t quite know how this metaphysically works. But it gives him three options.

AUSTIN: Mm.

ART: He can attack us, which it seems like he’s doing anyway. He can back away cautiously and then flee, which would be an improvement, or he can do what I tell him to do? Which would be an improvement.

JACK: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

ART: So like, there’s no…there’s no loss here, right?

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: Right, yeah, I say use it.

NICK: Wait a minute.

AUSTIN: And no matter—if you succeed you get a-

NICK: Before you do that—

AUSTIN: forward on him. Mh-hmm?

ART: Right.

JACK: Fantasmo?

NICK: Before you do that, Fantasmo turns invisible. 

AUSTIN: Go ahead and and make that roll. 

NICK: For real this time.

AUSTIN: Okay. Go ahead and make that roll, Fantasmo.

NICK: Uh, let’s see. INT is plus… 2d6 +2. 

KEITH: Cat!

JACK: Oh my God, a cat just appeared.

NICK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: There it goes.

JACK: What a roll.

NICK: 11.

AUSTIN: Good roll. So, Fantasmo, how do you disappear, again? What’s your— How’s that look?

NICK: Uh, it’s the like, "You can’t see me-"

ALI: The— The hand-

NICK: "I'm invisible", moving his hand down in front of his face.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So, he’s now—

NICK: And then he like— He fades out over the course of moving his hand across his face. And then like, there’s this… glow, and he’s gone.

KEITH: Great.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Alright, so I’m gonna try my thing.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

ART: You know…

HADRIAN: Sir Knight, I assure you, we serve the same lord. Samothes, the Sunbringer, once and future king of these lands. I demand that you— that you assist us, or let us pass.

ART: Roll dice.

AUSTIN: Uh, for people using the dice roller, you can do 2d6, and then plus or minus whatever your attribute is, and it will automatically do the calculation.

JACK: That’s really good.

ART: Well, I didn’t do that.

AUSTIN: Art—right.

ART: But, uh. What’s my CHA? That’s a 7.

JACK: Ooh, jeez.

ART: Which is…which means it works. I do not get the forward.

AUSTIN: You don’t get the forward. Um… Alright. But it’s still a success, which means that instead of waiting for backup, he charges ahead towards you. Sword drawn high in the air as he passes through the doorway and into the entry hall. Which is—

KEITH: I would like to—

AUSTIN: Which is better positioning for you at this point. But now you’re all at his sword length. What do you do?

KEITH: I would like to please be a cougar!

ART: I don’t think you’re gonna pick him up…

KEITH: Uh… I’m gonna—no no no, I’m not gonna pick him up as a cougar, I’m gonna fuckin’ bite his face!

ART: No, like, like… like… pick him up. Like.

KEITH: Oh! Okay, I thought you were referring to when I was an eagle and I was picking up pirate people.

AUSTIN: Right, but—

KEITH: Okay, I’ve got— I rolled a 12 on that.

AUSTIN: Which means you get uh— you get to keep…

KEITH: I get—

AUSTIN: Four? Three.

KEITH: Three, three.

AUSTIN: You get to hold three forward, as this cougar.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: He slices down at you, Fero, but you turn into a cougar and like, just dodge out of the way.

KEITH: Yeeeeeaaaaah! What’s up?

JACK: Um, I’d like to… like, stepping back behind Art, pull my violin out, and begin to perform a, uh…1d4 forward damage on an ally?

AUSTIN: Tell me what that sounds like.

JACK: It sounds pretty dissonant.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Especially coming after the— Like, the pleasant music of the waltzing book people?

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

JACK: It’s not necessarily particularly pleasant, and everybody kind of… like, balks, a bit, but everybody, at least on my side, can feel the weird pattern magic coming out of the violin. And I’d like to send 1d4 forward towards Hella.

AUSTIN: Okay, so make that roll?

JACK: Uh, I don’t make a roll on that!

AUSTIN: Yeah, you do. You…

JACK: Do I?

AUSTIN: It says—yeah— "When you weave a performance into a basic spell, choose an ally and an effect," and then there’s the list, but then it says, "Then roll plus CHA." Plus Charisma. "On a 10+ the ally gets the intended effect; on a 7-9 your spell still works-

JACK: Oh, I’m sorry, I thought that was—

AUSTIN: -but you draw unwanted attention-

JACK: Okay, cool-

AUSTIN: -or your magic reverberates to other targets, affecting them as well."

JACK: No, I can do that. 2d6, + … 2… 

ART: I would—

AUSTIN: Plus your Charisma bonus— Your Charisma modifier.

ART: I would just like to say I think that should definitely be 'CHA' and not "CHA".

AUSTIN: But it’s kah-risma.

KEITH: I…

ART: But it’s…but— but no.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: It doesn’t sound good.

KEITH: I would like to go… 'Charisma.'

JACK: I’ve—

KEITH: Let’s go whole word on Charisma.

JACK: I’ve rolled—

ART: Charisma’s different.

JACK: I’ve rolled 8?

AUSTIN: What’s your— Oh, okay, 8 total. Okay.

JACK: Yes.

AUSTIN: The music swells in such a way that obviously the kind of… Uh, semantics— Is that what we decided? Or we decided 'semiotics.' Semiotics is what we decided it was—

JACK: Er, semiotics, yeah. Or 'pattern magic.'

AUSTIN: Or pattern magic. Colloquially, pattern magic. The universe falls into such a way that, Hella, you feel a little bit stronger. You feel like your slashes will hit closer to home. However, Lem, you also, as you, you know, you strum your—not strum. What’s— What do you do with a bow?

JACK: Uh…I guess bow?

AUSTIN: Bow? your third or fourth note, you see, across the— through that hallway, into the bedroom, a man, kind of a human size, a little stocky, with tight leather armour. Not wearing one of those—not wearing one of those masks. He has a human face with, you can see he has an etching in his forehead. He draws and points a crossbow at you.

AUSTIN: A single-handed crossbow at you, and pulls the trigger. What do you do?

KEITH: Oh shit.

ALI: Um… Is this just for Jack…?

AUSTIN: Not really.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: If someone else wants to jump in the way, that’s fine.

JACK: I would, uh… I’m not saying no to anyone jumping in the way. I’d just like to make it clear that’s not something I’m opposed to?

AUSTIN: Sure.

ALI: Can I make the attack that I wanted to make, ‘cause I guess I’m not noticing this happening? ‘Cause Hella, like, hears this music…

AUSTIN: Let’s resolve this shot first.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: I mean you still have that bonus forward, do you know what I mean?

ALI: Yeah, okay.

JACK: Yeah.

ART: I imagine that my actu—like, I’m—I don’t know how quickly I’m reacting but if possible, I’ll defend Jack. Or…

AUSTIN: Okay. So you wanna, like—do you have a shield? Who has a shield here? What’s the…

ART: No, I just have big armour.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: I passed on a shield because— because it didn’t seem thematically…

JACK: Did you pass on a shield on the boat, or in character creation?

ART: In character creation. I decided to get a bigger weapon and not a shield. I thought that fit better.

JACK: Yeah, no, I can see that. I kind of picture you—

KEITH: I’ve got a shield but I am currently a cougar.

JACK: I— 

ALI: I have a shield but I’m still distracted?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think that’s—

ALI: I really don’t wanna help Jack.

JACK: I… have… a…

AUSTIN: If we’re being honest, it sounds like you’re going for…you’re about to shield this bro, so. 

ALI: Yeah. 

JACK: I have… a… comprehensive knowledge of the history of this continent.

ALI: I’m sorry, Jack.

KEITH: It’s— Ali, you’ve— your character is evil. Remember? So like, you’re good.

ALI: She’s a nice person!

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

ART: Oh, that’s not how Defend works. Never mind. I can’t defend Jack.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think you have to state, Right?

JACK: Oh, hey man—

AUSTIN: Oh, but you did stand— You did set that up previously, though, that you were standing in front of Jack, right?

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: Or that Jack was standing behind you. I think that’s fair! I think if we’re being honest to the fiction, you’ve set that up.

ART: Alright you can roll—

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I should— I should again, really quickly before we move on even a little bit further, I forgot to do the thing I want to always do, which is read off the three points agenda for Dungeon World. Which are,

KEITH: Sure.

AUSTIN: make the world fantastic, fill the characters' lives with adventure and play to find out what happens. Art, what did you roll?

ART: I rolled a 7, and then when I got impatient I rolled a 6. Uh… 

AUSTIN: Wait.

ART: It didn't like roll fast enough so I rolled again.

AUSTIN: Oh, oh, I see, I see.

ART: Uh, but I got a 7 is— 

AUSTIN: Plus your…

ART: +1 so it's an 8.

AUSTIN: Okay, so it's an 8. Defend says, "When you stand in defense of a person, item or location under attack, roll+Con. On a 10+ hold 3. On a 7-9 hold 1. So long as you stand in defense, when you or the thing you defend is attacked, you may spend hold, 1 for 1, to choose an option."

JACK: Oh cool.

AUSTIN: "Redirect an attack from the thing you defend to yourself. Halve the attack's effect or damage. Open up the attacker to an ally giving that ally +1 forward against the attacker. Or, deal damage to the attacker equal to your level." Which I don't think is— is feasible here given this instance.

ART: The last one doesn't— You don't think I just deflect the— Like the Boss Mobile Smash.

KEITH: Catch it— Catch it in your hand and then whip it back at him.

AUSTIN: And then like, to do— to do—

ART: Well it would hit Jack so I'd like pull it out of him— It would hit Jack and then—

AUSTIN: Right, it would hit Jack.

JACK: No I don't— I'm not feeling that.

ART: Then— And then I'd throw it back. I forgot-

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Jack's character name and I feel terrible. 

JACK: Lem.

KEITH: Lem.

AUSTIN: It's— It's Lem.

ART: Lem. That's right.

KEITH: Lem. Lem King.

AUSTIN: Lem King.

ART: Lem King. Um, yes, that one doesn't make any sense. I'll halve the attack's effect or damage.

AUSTIN: Uh, alright great. Can somebody do a roll for that damage? It is… uh, d6. 1d6 damage.

NICK: I'll do it.

KEITH: I've got it.

AUSTIN: Ope. Just one person.

NICK: Too late. Oh.

AUSTIN: Just one person. I should— Okay.

KEITH: Mine— Mine was first.

ART: But you rolled two dice.

AUSTIN: You did roll two dice.

KEITH: Oh you're— Oh.

AUSTIN: So…
 
KEITH: I thought I deleted the first one. Never mind.

AUSTIN: Let's go with— Let's go with Nick's.

KEITH: So it's— So it's— Alright good. That's a way better one, anyway.

AUSTIN: It actually isn't. If you actually look at what you act— If you'd only rolled one, you would've done better.

KEITH: Oh yeah, that would've been a 3, uh.

AUSTIN: But, let's go with Nick because he rolled the right amount of dice. Um…

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So the arrow, or the bolt, gets lodged into your shoulder, Lem, um and you're able to—

JACK: In my shoulder? Oh jeez.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. He just— Let's say it bounces off of— uh, off of Hadrian's armor.

JACK: Hadrian.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so it doesn't get a clean— It would've hit you lower. It would've hit you right in the middle of the torso, but because he like, moved into the way of it, it went off his shoulder armor and caught you in the shoulder. Um… So take 2 damage. Um…

JACK: Okay, cool.

AUSTIN: Hella, it sounded like you were about to swing.

ART: He takes 1 damage. I— We halve it.

AUSTIN: Oh, you halve it. Right, right, right, sorry. My bad.

JACK: I take 1 damage?

AUSTIN: You just take 1 damage.

JACK: Okay, cool.

AUSTIN: Uh, Hella, you were about to swing on the man in the black armor.

ALI: Yeah. Moving backwards.

AUSTIN: So wait, mmm.

ALI: Well, I mean, I guess regardless.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: I had planned to attack like as he was attacking towards Keith-

AUSTIN: I see.

ALI: and he turned into a cougar.

AUSTIN: To get away, yeah.

ALI: But it's still like this—

NICK: Freed up—

AUSTIN: It's all happening in very quick amounts of time.

ALI: Yeah, so…

AUSTIN: And here's the other thing to be clear about. When you roll to attack, that isn't a single swing of the sword. When you roll to shoot a bow, that isn't a single shot. It can be an exchange and you're kind of— It's an abstract roll representing an effort to hurt the other person. So it can be a few clashes of the sword. It can be a block and then a stab, do you know? So here he's just swung and missed— missed Fero uh, the man from the other room has fired his crossbow and caught Lem in the shoulder. Hella, what do you do to the man in the mask?

ALI: Um, so, like I assume that his side is open.

AUSTIN: Sure.

ALI: So I kind of lunge at him. Well… There's no like sort of breaks in his armor, right?

AUSTIN: Not that you can tell and not like from a quick glance or…

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Given more time, maybe you'd be able to see that.

ALI: Um, but regardless, like even if I don't think that I can pierce his armor, it would be enough of a distraction to attack him in the side.

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure.

ALI: 'Cause I would do that in sort of like, I guess, a piercing action.

AUSTIN: Okay. Thrust forward.

ALI: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Go ahead, that sounds like Hack and Slash. 

ALI: Alright.

AUSTIN: Um, unless you have some sort of special— I don't think you have a special like attack yet, or anything.

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

JACK: Hella, you have my— You have my semiotics, uh, dice.

ALI: Oh, nice.

AUSTIN: Which is that plus— But that's only to damage, that's not to the roll. So go ahead…

JACK: Yeah, that's 1d8.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and roll Hack and Slash. And for our listeners, Hack and Slash says, "When you attack an enemy in melee, roll+Strength. On a 10+, you deal your damage to an enemy and avoid their attack. At your option you may choose to do +1d6 damage but expose yourself to the enemy's attack. On a 7-9, you deal your damage to the enemy and the enemy makes an attack against you." So…

ALI: So… I got a… 7.

AUSTIN: Plus… Oh a 7 total, okay.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So again, on a 7 to 9, you deal your damage as normal. So go ahead and roll your damage.

ALI: Uh, what would that just be 1d6.

AUSTIN: No, I think it's— It should be listed on your sheet. Uh, each class, one of the things in Dungeon World, instead of having all of your damage determined by your weapon, it's determined by your class which means that, you know the fighter who wants to use a staff or something, isn't severely penalized because they're not using a broadsword. So in this case— 

KEITH: Thieves get d— 1d8. Yes, I love it.

ALI: So it's… it's d10. So this is—

AUSTIN: Yeah, so you're gonna roll a d10 plus 1d4, from— from Lem's—

JACK: From me.

ALI: Is that a separate roll or do I just type that in.

AUSTIN: I think you can do 1— I think you can do 1d10 + 1d4. I think it'll do that. We'll check to make sure it did it right. Woof. That's a good hit. Uh…

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Make sure that that— Yeah. So you got a 10 on that first hit. So you— you do. Like, you actually— Let's say that you actually, based on you saying it, you were looking for that little, just a little gap in his armor. And you found like a joint, in between like where it's— Like I said, I described it as kinda being bug-like, and so that there's— not a gap but like a little uh, not hinge either but it's segmented they way like a bug's body is. And so there's a spot where you could shove your sword through his armor. Um, and you do that, and uh, strike him very, very, well. Uh, but while it's in there, he kind of like pulls out and turns and slashes at you with his short sword. Because it's short he can move it quickly in this much more enclosed space. Go ahead and give me a… what's his damage? Uh… I'm just gonna let Hella roll this. A d8 damage for yourself. So 1d8 to determine how much you damage.

ALI: So he got a 7.

ART: Oof. 

AUSTIN: Slashes you hard across— Make sure, if you have armor, to subtract the total damage from that.

ALI: Oh, yes I do.

AUSTIN: Same thing Jack. Do you have leather armor on that gives you any sort of thing?

JACK: Oh uh, yeah, I do. Sorry, um my leather armor is just 1 Armor.

AUSTIN: Okay, but that's fine. 

ALI: So I have tw...

AUSTIN: That means you didn't take any damage from that arrow. That crossbow bolt got stuck in your armor.

JACK: Oh, cool. Cool.

ALI: So— So I have 2 Armor so that's just 5?

AUSTIN: That's just 5.

ALI: So that's— He takes 5 off of me?

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm. Yeah. Woah.

JACK: So that's on Hella.

ALI: I have 25.

AUSTIN: Suddenly from…

JACK: You have 25?

ALI: That's true. 

AUSTIN: Suddenly from the right side where the armory is, really loud footsteps shake the armor that's in them.

KEITH: Oh dang.

AUSTIN: And uh, a woman bursts through that door. She is taller than Hella by a foot or so. How tall are you Hella?

ALI: Um…

KEITH: The taller you say, the scarier this is.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

ALI: How tall is Art?

ART: Uh, I assume I'm you know, reasonably big and broad shouldered, but like, reason— Like I chose— I chose bulky body.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay.

ART: So I assume that I'm like reasonably large. 

NICK: Right now, you're two feet tall. Okay?

ALI: No, I'm trying to think like, does me, the Player Ali, is 5'3"

AUSTIN: Right.

ALI: and I want her to be taller than that. I'd say like— Maybe like 5'11"?

AUSTIN: Okay, this woman is—

ALI: I was going to say six feet for myself. I imagine nutrition's worse.

AUSTIN: This woman is almost seven feet. Uh and she has on the ground, behind her a…

JACK: Jeez. 

ALI: Yes.

JACK: Taller than everybody.

AUSTIN: Yeah, she's the tallest person here. She's like dragging along the ground this heavy hammer that she lifts up onto her shoulder and starts to swing down into the whole group. What do you do?

JACK: Oh god we got a-

KEITH: Oh shit.

JACK: Smaug situation going on here.

NICK: Um. So what's the—

ALI: So what's the—

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, yeah, what's up with you Fantasmo at this— at this point.

NICK: What is—

JACK: He's fucking invisible.

NICK: So we're— we're in a hallway, right?

AUSTIN: You're in like an entryway. Like, I'm seeing it as a rectangular room, that has

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: enough space for all of you, but it's getting really crowded.

NICK: Is there— Um, is there a space— Like is there a corner that the other room does not have a view of?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you could go— So at this point, you could go down the hallway to your left, which is the kind of storeroom hallway. And that would get you out of this room.

NICK: Do we have a drawing thing? Can you draw this for me?

AUSTIN: Yeah, let's pop this— Yeah, absolutely.

JACK: Cool.

AUSTIN: What's that drawing thing we've been using?

JACK: Um, I don't know.

AUSTIN: Does anybody remember? Uh… 

JACK: Drawing world.

KEITH: Draw— Drawscape.net.

AUSTIN: Is that what it is?

JACK: Keith, that's a lie and you know it.

NICK: Flock— FlockDraw.

ALI: No, it's true.

AUSTIN: FlockDraw, okay.

KEITH: FlockDraw, there we go.

AUSTIN: Get out the FlockDraw.

JACK: Help him people, draw. Room since 2014.

AUSTIN: Creating a session named streamfriends. "Stream Friends" all lowercase, session created. Let me know once you're in there.

ALI: Can you put it in the Skype chat?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, in fact this link might just go right to it. Okay so, this line— I guess let me know when you can see my cursor.

NICK: Uh…

JACK: I accidentally went to Stream Frides.

KEITH: Ope, I see it.

NICK: I see Radberry.

AUSTIN: You see it?

ART: I see it. I see Austin.

KEITH: Oh, I see Nick, I don't see you, Austin.

AUSTIN: Nick, do you not see it?

NICK: Nope.

AUSTIN: I see Art. That's all I see.

KEITH: Alright, I'm gonna click your link.

JACK: Oh, I see Nick.

AUSTIN: Click my link. Everyone click my link. That's not good. I can't— I have to— Great.

NICK: Oh yeah.

JACK: Shout out to FlockDraw.

AUSTIN: How does this clear— How do I clear things again?

KEITH: There we go, I see that.

AUSTIN: I don't remember how to clear things.

KEITH: Uh, the eraser and then change everything to the biggest thing.

AUSTIN: I got it. Okay. So this room is… there— Guys, guys. We have a limited amount of time. It's going to get late in England, soon.

JACK: I'm good, I'm good.

AUSTIN: I'm just saying. Only 'cause— Only 'cause Nick just asked me to do this thing. Otherwise I'd be way more chill about it. So stairwell's at the south here, at the bottom, right? Um, I'm seeing… What I'm saying is, kind of this entryway here. Doorways where there's blank spaces. Um… And this opens up into a long hallway here that goes up. And the same here.

NICK: Okay. Um…

AUSTIN: And you see here there's a bedroom and then top right is where that archer came from, that crossbowman. There. And then the hammer lady, Cali, just came in. Ope, that's not great, that's not a great arrow, from there.

NICK: I get you. Okay.

AUSTIN: And I can draw in more detail as you move through space.

JACK: And where's the armored man?

AUSTIN: Uh, like here.

JACK: Oh jeez, alright, okay.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: He's in there with you at this point.

NICK: While everyone else has been attacking um…

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

NICK: Fantasmo, invisible, has been making his way around the edge of the room, back here, into that corner.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay. Okay. That's fair.

NICK: Um… And uh, when he sees the large lady—

AUSTIN: Which is, for the listeners who can't see this, he's in the far— he's in the far right corner where Cali, the lady with the hammer, just ran past-

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: to swing her hammer down into the middle of the room. What's Fantasmo doing?

NICK: Um, as she's pulling it up-

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

NICK: As she's like, picking her hammer up in the air, uh I uh, Fantasmo cancels his invisibility.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: And then casts Magic Missile. Uh…

AUSTIN: What's that look like for you?

NICK: Right at her head.

AUSTIN: What sort of… Okay.

NICK: Um… His Magic Missile uh, it takes the form of um… It takes the form of uh, magic, semi-transparent purple arrows that actually trace the whole path from his hand to its destination.

AUSTIN: Cool. Okay.

NICK: Like it looks like the— It looks like the giant— It kinda looks like the giant aiming arrow from Civ 5.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Um, is it like bright enough— Is there like a light attached to that?

NICK: There's a little bit. I mean—

ALI: Okay.

NICK: If this was totally pitch black, it might light up the room a little but, but

AUSTIN: Right, for a few seconds until it—

NICK: I was assuming that there's light in here.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm. There are torches. Uh, there are torches on the left and right wall near those doors.

NICK: Okay. So yeah, um, I'm gonna roll my— roll to see if my spell works. Spell roll is an 11.

AUSTIN: That's a good spell roll.

NICK: So I successfully cast it. Um. So I was aiming—

AUSTIN: Yup. And you don't forget the spell.

NICK: What's that?

AUSTIN: And you don't forget the spell. Nothing bad happens to you. So go ahead and roll the damage on that.

NICK: And then the damage is 4. Um, that's not a great damage roll. So I do 4 damage. Um, but really the intended effect was to try to… Like I was aiming right at her head-

AUSTIN: Right, yeah.

NICK: to try to destabilize her as she's pulling the hammer upwards.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That's fair. She pulls it up and gets caught twice in the head. She isn't wearing any— any head armor. I should describe her a little bit. She has like a deep tan to her skin. Um, strong body musculature and uh, kind of red hair in a ponytail coming down behind her. Um. Fantasmo's Magic Missiles hit her in the back of the head and daze her for a second. And then make her turn with a swing at you to— to like, hopefully hit you, but you're far enough away where that doesn't happen. However, she does hit the wall separating this room from the bedroom and the wall crumbles. At that point—

FERO: Uh, guys don't get hit by that hammer.

AUSTIN: At that point the archer, the crossbowman, lifts up his bow and starts to move forward, looking for a good target to aim at. Uh, what do you do.

LEM: Fero.

KEITH: Uh, the black knight is— is still alive, right?

NICK: Like, this wall is—

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Holding his arm— Holding his, uh in the scene here.

KEITH: Um, I— I—

AUSTIN: Yes, that wall is crumbled.

KEITH: I would like to attack uh, him, um…

AUSTIN: Tell me what you're— what you're doing.

KEITH: I want to lunge directly at the open wound on his side.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Um… His side, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it's his— I'm seeing it as his left side. Blood is coming out.

KEITH: Right, um and uh, so that is a… That's not the right roll.

NICK: Oh right.

JACK: I've just got to uh…

NICK: I want to describe really quick.

JACK: I've just got to let my puppy out.

AUSTIN: Yup. That's okay. Fantasmo? 

NICK: I want to describe how uh— how the Magic Missile was cast.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: So everyone— Everyone sees Fantasmo suddenly appear in a corner of the room. He does the opposite, so you see him slowly fade into view. Or not slowly, very quickly fade into view, as he's like bringing his hand low to high in front of his face. So upwards in front of his face, and then he like, in a very ridiculously pompous and dramatic flourish keeps his hand moving upwards and then brings it around and then he’s like this. He's got one hand back by his face, sort of like using his thumb as like an aiming tool. 

AUSTIN: Right, right. 

NICK: And the other hand is like stuck out in front of him. And that's where these like, purple arrows like almost cartoonishly purple arrows coming shooting of his uh, hand.

JACK: He's a showman.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: He is a bit of a showman.

NICK: He's totally a showman.

AUSTIN: He is the Great Fantasmo. He didn't—

NICK: He is the Great Fantasmon.

AUSTIN: No one called him the great for no reason.

NICK: And like his uh, like as the uh, as the arrows go shooting out, like it sends wind back and him and his once glorious but now tattered robes sort of flap a little bit.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm. 

JACK: What a guy.

AUSTIN: Um…

KEITH: So I rolled an 8.

AUSTIN: To hit.

KEITH: To hit.

AUSTIN: And then rolled a 1 for damage.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: Uh, do you get anything— Do you get any sort of bonus from being a cougar in terms of damage? I don't remember how that works.

KEITH: Uh, not right now, no. I do have—

AUSTIN: As you— As you level up?

KEITH: It does— I do technically the move that I used was called Trample Them. Uh, which, so I— I don't know like what that— All it says is Trample Them, I don't know what that means besides like…

AUSTIN: Where are you seeing the Trample Them move or whatever?

KEITH: It just says common animal moves in hardy beasts.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay.

KEITH: It is Trample Them or Break Through.

AUSTIN: Trample Them should, you know, illustrate what you're doing, I guess, so…

KEITH: Really, really I think that's more for like, if I was uh, maybe something taller than a… like bulkier than a cougar where I would not purposefully try to knock them over but step on them.

AUSTIN: Right, sure, sure.

KEITH: So I feel like really I was just biting it. Biting him.

AUSTIN: Okay, that's fair.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So, two things happen because you roll— you said you rolled an 8. On an 8 in Hack and Slash, they get to do damage back to you. Um, but also you only rolled a 1 on the damage so uh… So first, there's a couple things here. You bite into the armor where— where Ali's sword just was. And you can't find purchase. Your teeth kind of can't grip hard enough to pierce through it. Uh, the second thing that happens is, that your mouth burns. Roll 1d4 and take that as damage.

KEITH: Okay… 3.

AUSTIN: Okay, so take 3 from that. Your mouth is just in incredible pain.

KEITH: Okay. And then that— that— My— I don't have my armor right now, because I'm a cougar.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I don't think you do.

KEITH: So I don't— Yeah.

AUSTIN: So…

KEITH: It doesn't— It doesn't say anywhere that I lose it, but I assume that I lose it.

AUSTIN: Also your armor wouldn't help here. Because it's touching your face directly, like…

KEITH: Yeah, right, oh, yeah, yeah, good point. No, no, I have a— I have a—

ART: I'm wearing inner-mouth armor. We don't disclaim that.

KEITH: We have what?

ART: I wear inner-mouth armor. I didn't want to disclaim that.

KEITH: I technically have a tongue greave.

AUSTIN: Um, great, great.

KEITH: And so I take 3 damage.

AUSTIN: And then—

KEITH: I have 19, that's not bad.

AUSTIN: That's not bad. Then, because you failed that roll, he gets to make an attack on you. That was not his attack, that was a reaction to you biting his armor.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Uh, roll, what did I say it was before? It was a d8? Yeah, roll d8 armor. Or d8 damage.

KEITH: 7.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so.

KEITH: Dang.

ALI: Oh… 

AUSTIN: With your mouth like, clung up on you, he like, I kind of imagine like moving like, twisting his torso really hard so that he shakes you off of him and while you're in the air, slashes down onto your cougar form. Causing a huge gash across your— your cougar belly.

JACK: Ouch.

AUSTIN: John Cougar Bellycamp. Um…

ALI: That's bad news.

NICK: Wild night.

AUSTIN: That is bad news.

KEITH: That's bad news. I'm at half health. Uh… 

ALI: Oof. 

AUSTIN: That's bad news. 

JACK: Oh jeez.

ART: Hey Austin.

KEITH: Don't bite this guy.

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: Hey Art, what's up?

ART: Hey Austin, what here is Evil?

AUSTIN: Um, Cali.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: Who is the hammer lady. Uh, uh…

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Let's look at my—

KEITH: Hella.

AUSTIN: Rivalo. Yeah, Hella. Rivalo, who is this man in the armor. Uh, and Brutus who is the man with the bow. Um, also…

JACK: So everybody.

KEITH: We got four evils.

AUSTIN: Also, you can recognize that there is other evil that is on this floor that's not— You only get to know living evil or just evil in general?

ART: Uh, the thing just says, "What here is evil? And the GM will tell you honestly."

AUSTIN: Then that's— Then that's just the stuff, let's say, that you can see. It's just that stuff. Those people.

ART: Okay. Then I—

AUSTIN: There's nothing else in this visible area, so…

ART: Sure. I don't think it tells me their names either if you wanted for future.

AUSTIN: It doesn't but I wanted— Yeah.

ART: It's not like a…

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: It's not like an identify, "Who are you?"

AUSTIN: I wanted to start by just saying their names.

JACK: "And also, are you evil?"

AUSTIN: "And also how are you doing?"

ART: "What here is Evil and what do their parents call them?" Uh, so the cat and the armor is closest to me or the chick with the hammer is closest to me?

AUSTIN: I think you're almost pinned now, but she has her back to you because she wants to go after the Great Fantasmo at this point.

ART: Well that seems dire. Uh, I'll— I'll swing my halberd at her 'cause she and I both have range. If I can take her, I think I can theoretically out-range the other guy.

AUSTIN: Yeah, okay.

ART: Tactical.

AUSTIN: There's just enough room in here also, for your halberd.

JACK: Out rage him?

AUSTIN: Out range. Range? I'm guessing.

JACK: Oh.

ART: Yeah, out range.

AUSTIN: Yeah, alright so you swing down at her.

ART: 'Cause I have reach.

AUSTIN: You do have reach. Um… So go ahead and make that roll.

ART: Okay. It's 2d6+Stra? Or Str.

AUSTIN: +Str.

ART: +Str… That's a 9.

AUSTIN: Okay. So then go ahead and do your damage.

ART: Oh, make sure I've got my weapon here, correct… 2! That's alright.

AUSTIN: Oh Art. Uh, so…

JACK: How the hell did you roll that?

ART: 1.

AUSTIN: That's not great. Um, she had been at 10 and then armor. Oh buddy. Um… So then she— So you— you slash her down with the halberd, right?

ART: I mean, the real point is to get her off Fantasmo, like…

AUSTIN: Right, which was— which was successful.

JACK: Yeah, that's true. You're just kiting her.

AUSTIN: Um, she spins— She has the hammer up, right? She like, up above her shoulder, going towards Fantasmo and spins it down and grabs it backwards so that her right hand is gripped up close to the actual uh, hammer, the head of the hammer. And then like, slams it backwards at you. Like, that way, like— like behind you. Do d10 damage to yourself. Take a d10 damage.

ART: Well I mean. I did really bad at rolling a d10 last time.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so we'll see what you do this time. And then depending on that, I'll describing something else.

ART: 3.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Uh, plus my armor is 2, so that's 1.

AUSTIN: So that's— You take 1, but the weight of the armor slides you past Lem and Rivalo, the knight, and into the next room. Um, into that room, the storeroom over to the left. So like, you've been flung across this room. Your armor has protected you from the damage of it, thankfully, but her force is mighty. She turns to—

ART: This room?

AUSTIN: That room.

KEITH: Austin, I think you called me Lem again.

AUSTIN: Fuck. Fero. My bad. I keep doing it.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You're such a Lem. You're such a like, ugh… So yeah, that room, Art. That's the room you're in.

JACK: You are an unconventional bard.

AUSTIN: You are!

ART: Okay, is there anything in this room? Or is just like a storeroom?

AUSTIN: Uh, it's— That's a storeroom with foodstuffs and rope and building supplies. All sorts of just like, stuff. But now that you're over there, you can see that it goes up to here and then makes a right turn, this way.

ART: This— So that this goes all the way up here?

AUSTIN: It goes all the way up. Yeah, so you're— Once you're in that room, you can see that there's a huge hallway that goes up past— well past the length of the bedroom that you can clearly see now that— now that one of the walls holding that bedroom separate is gone. You can see it's like, twice the distance from the entryway to this floor, to the big bedroom.

JACK: Mmm.

ART: Is it all supplies or is that another hallway?

AUSTIN: This is all supplies. It's just a huge stockpile room of supplies.

ART: Wow.

AUSTIN: Um, some of the crates are empty. Like, it's been used, you know?

ART: Yeah.

JACK: Alright, Fero… Like, Fero and I have been together for awhile, now? Um…

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Mh-hmm. 

JACK: Fero, for whatever reason that we— that we haven't quite worked out yet, Fero came to the Archives and we joined up together upon my— my um, flight from the Archives with this violin.

KEITH: Mh-hmm.

JACK: So we've known each other for a good while and it is, really uncomfortable to me just to see Fero suffering this way. Um, so pulling out my violin, I— I being to play some semiotics and pattern magic that feels, to a lot of the people who haven't seen quite how this works before, wildly inappropriate. Um, in that it's— In that it is, in comparison to the circumstances, and it takes quite a lot of effort to keep this going, it's remarkably calming and upbeat and comfortable. And uh, it takes a lot of effort for me to not crack up in— in fear or in discomfort while playing this, just 'cause it feels like this isn't what I should be doing at all.

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: So I'm gonna heal 1d8 damage for Fero. I need to roll um, 2d6 plus— plus Charisma, um…

AUSTIN: +Cha, I guess.

JACK: So I'm gonna do—

AUSTIN: Uh, I should just mention one of the things—

KEITH: You have a lot of explaining to do if it fails.

AUSTIN: Uhh. Uh-huh.

KEITH: To the party. Like if this doesn't work like, oh my god, Lem, what were you doing.

AUSTIN: For the listeners, one of the things that we discussed off stream, or off recording was how Bardic Magic, in this world, isn't just regular magic. Uh, the archivists practice a sort of magic, that they would never admit was magic, but in fact for them, is this kind of mathematical or almost linguistic, it's an ordering of symbols, an ordering of spaces. Uh, it's all kind of—

KEITH: An arrangement of things.

AUSTIN: An arrangement of things. It's about putting things in order in just the right way to move the world into that sort of effect. Um…

JACK: Yeah, like um, the call themselves. I don't know what the word would be. They call the magic 'semiotics.'

AUSTIN: It'd be semioticians, is what they would call themselves.

JACK: Semioticians, yeah, they call themselves 'semioticians' or I guess 'archivists.'

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: Um, but people call it pattern magic or pattern magicians because they see it as putting everything in— in different sorts of patterns.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: Um, and I guess—

AUSTIN: The— Fantasmo's group of magicians just thinks like, "Yeah, no that's just magic. They're just doing like, one part of magic."

JACK: "You're just describing magic here."

AUSTIN: "Yeah, what you're describing is magic."

JACK: Yes. But I suppose the distinction is whereas Fantasmo does these fancy hand gestures, a semiotician's procedure would look much more just like kind of standing in the corner of a room and closing one eye and looking down the angle of a desk or something.
AUSTIN: Right, right.

JACK: Like carefully looking down the angle of something—
 
AUSTIN: Just line things up. Like an— Like an Escher paint— Like an Escher drawing, lining things up so a different reality comes into focus.

JACK: Right, exactly. So in— in— The— Essentially, this is our justification for, I've never been particular comfortable with inverted-commas, "bards" and "bardic magic," um, and so to an extent the orc— the orc archivists and semiotics and pattern magic is my justification for how bardic magic works. So in— in performing here, I'm performing a very strange series of musical scales. Like musical scales that nobody has ever really heard before.

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: Um, that works as a form of pattern magic, even though pattern magic can be performed through… painting or maths or-

AUSTIN: Or ordering a warehouse.

JACK: through arrangement of objects on a table.

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah, yeah.

JACK: Yeah, exactly.

AUSTIN: Alright.

JACK: So I'm rolling— I'm rolling…

AUSTIN: 2d6 +Cha.

JACK: 2d6 +2. Mh-hmm. And I've rolled 13.

AUSTIN: That's a really good one.

JACK: So on a 10+ the ally gets a selective effect. You can thank me later, Fero.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

KEITH: Uh…

AUSTIN: So it's 1d8. You choose— You choose an ally and an effect.

JACK: Uh-huh. I choose—

AUSTIN: So I think you then—

JACK: I choose Fero and I'd like to heal him please. So do I roll 1d8.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. You can go ahead and roll that.

JACK: Okay cool. Okay, um, 1d8. And the result is 1.

AUSTIN: Oh brother.

JACK: Oh my god.

KEITH: I…

JACK: So— So I play the tune and I kind of just finish and just look fundamentally disappointed in myself.

AUSTIN: Oh no.

KEITH: I… You can see that I improve about 1/19th. Approximately 1/19th better.

JACK: Oh God.

AUSTIN: Reminder, again, people who failed. I see a Keith fail, I see an Art fail, make sure you've marked those down as experience points.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. Got it.

AUSTIN: This was—

ART: Did I?

JACK: That was a success for albeit a really pyrrhic success.

AUSTIN: It looks like— It looks—

ART: Is that a 6? I thought I did things badly.

AUSTIN: Oh, oh, you know what? Art, you're not rolling the pluses in the system. You're just adding them pluses after. 

KEITH: Oh, I'm not rolling them either.

ART: I started— The last couple rolls have.

AUSTIN: Okay, but before you haven't, so…

KEITH: Well, okay. So does— So does— My negated damage roll not count as a fail?

AUSTIN: What's your negated damage roll?

KEITH: It was a damage roll that did 0 damage.

AUSTIN: No, that's not a fail.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Uh…

JACK: So that was a succeed for me-

AUSTIN: It was.

JACK: but that was just a really pyrrhic succeed.

AUSTIN: Listen. Well, listen, that 1 can save— You know, we'll see. We'll see.

JACK: Yeah, no, but it super didn't, Austin.

ART: What's the plan if we all die in this room?

AUSTIN: You'll be fine. Seeing— seeing that uh, Hella is of great threat, the Brutus, the man with the crossbows, lowers the one and lifts the other one— Oh, he pulls the trigger. He was looking for a target. He sees that there's all this motion happening and that Hella still hasn't moved from when she— when she attacked Rivalo, the captain in the knight armor and pulls the trigger with an arrow flying towards her chest. What do you do?

ALI: Um… I have a shield. Wait.

AUSTIN: You do. Yeah. You could—

ALI: I do.

AUSTIN: So uh, I think that'd— If you want to lift it to take the block, I think that'd be like a Defy Danger with Strength. Um, probably.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Make sure you hold up the shield strong enough.

ALI: Okay. So what's the roll. It's just a…

JACK: Art's vanished.

AUSTIN: Defy Danger says when you act despite an imminent threat or suffer a calamity. I guess actually you should be doing something besides just defending here. Like if you want to… Like what are you doing besides defending yourself?

ALI: Um…

AUSTIN: It makes more sense to be kinetic here.

KEITH: Yeah, 'cause if— if—

ALI: I mean…

KEITH: If she's just like raising her shield, that sounds like a Defy Danger +Armor or something.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Well it'd be +Strength, probably.

KEITH: +Strength.

AUSTIN: But like, but like it's not a… If that's all you're doing, like still roll it but I just want to make sure that we have some momentum going. Like I want to know what she wants to do after she defies the danger.

ALI: Yeah. I mean, so that's tough because he's too far away for me to do anything. But like—

AUSTIN: You could charge him.

ALI: I guess I could. I guess my endgame here… especially seeing that Art's character has gone into that room is to get everyone else in there.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay. That's interesting.

JACK: Yeah.

ALI: But like…

ART: Oh, I don't know that that's a— Okay.

ALI: I mean, 'cause we can see from there that it goes back. Art is the only one that knows that it turns but…that's definitely more room for us to move around, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Than this tiny room.

AUSTIN: Than this tiny room.

ALI: Yeah. Yeah. So um… So I wouldn't want to go into that room to go after that guy but I have adventuring gear. Am I allowed to like… define what's in there-

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can.

ALI: -like a knife that I can throw or is that like a…

AUSTIN: Yeah, you totally could have a— Ahh, hm. I'd say you could have like a knife in there. Like, a knife can be part of adventuring gear.

ALI: Not a throwing knife, but…

AUSTIN: But it's not really a throwing knife, you know what I mean?

ALI: Right.

JACK: A cooking knife.

AUSTIN: You have a cooking knife or a…

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: You could throw any knife.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you could absolutely throw…

ALI: Right.

KEITH: It's just not designed to be-

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: a throwing knife.

AUSTIN: Right.

ALI: And like on a good enough roll, it would hit him.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: Think it— Think it would be better if she threw a fork at him.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that would be pretty— That would actually be pretty great. But— But the thing is, at that point, we have to imagine her blocking this thing, taking off her pack, digging in for a fork, and that ends up getting to be a little bit much.

ALI: That's not something I— Okay, fair.

JACK: Like, Joel in the Last of Us, prepping.

AUSTIN: Exactly. Which is cool and like—

NICK: Maybe she just reaches in and then uh…

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: Austin comes up with something like totally random.

AUSTIN: I roll like on a chart of something.

NICK: Yeah.

ALI: So actually, so that's how much I roll. Um, I mean I—

AUSTIN: Do you want—

ALI: Is there any way I can—

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

ALI: I can like, not just dodge with my shield but sort of roll away to get into a better position to…

AUSTIN: Yeah. How you want to defy this danger would help. Like just tell me where you wanna go here on what you see as the rooms and that can be where you wanna go. If you want to like push someone else in there with you, you can totally do that. Like if your goal is to move people into that room and people are— want to move with you, that would work for me as a thing you're doing.

ALI: Okay.

JACK: I'd go with Hella.

ALI: Oh, well then in that case, can I sort of roll out of the way and grab cougar-Fero?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Who's like on the floor and like—

JACK: I'm not—

AUSTIN: Right, John Cougar Ferocamp. Uh…

ALI: Just— Just to sort of get him into safety.

AUSTIN: Yeah, totally. Go ahead.

ALI: Okay.

NICK: Who is— Who is currently hurting so good.

AUSTIN: Ah, yes.

ALI: Fair.

AUSTIN: So that would be— That would be Defy Danger +Dex if you're like rolling out of the way.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Defy Danger +Strength if you're using your shield.

KEITH: What's your— what's your Dex bonus?

ALI: Uh, +0.

AUSTIN: Then you might want to—

KEITH: Yeah!

AUSTIN: You might want to just hold that shield up and like back, you know, like back away, grab— grab Fero and drag him. 

ALI: Okay. 

AUSTIN: You know, like, that seems fair.

ALI: Yeah, that doesn't have to be a roll, that can just like pull him.

JACK: The old cougar grab and drag.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Yeah, exactly.

KEITH: Hold on, I'm not passed out on the floor.

AUSTIN: No but you're— you're hurting.

ALI: You're hurt. You're bleeding.

AUSTIN: Also, let's say—

JACK: You're currently incapacitated, Fero.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Your— Your cut scars up very quickly because of the pattern magic that Lem was playing. Um…

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Little fuzz starts to grow back. A little bit, yeah.

JACK: Pretty shitty pattern magic.

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: But yeah.

AUSTIN: He didn't transfer you into a world in which you were never cut. Just like cut slightly less bad.

KEITH: Or like cut a week ago.

AUSTIN: A week ago, right. Yeah, exactly. Um… So go ahead, Ali.

ALI: But okay. So I guess the actual action is like, I lift my shield but I also like grab Fero by the scruff of the neck and pull him away. Um…

KEITH: I growl the whole fucking time, so bad.

AUSTIN: I love it.

KEITH: I growl so bad.

ALI: I'm helping. So it's um…

AUSTIN: So yeah, go ahead and 2d6 + whatever your Strength Modifier is.

KEITH: Yeah, guess what? Cats don't know when you're helping them.

ALI: Wait— Wait but you have the intelligence of a man-

AUSTIN: He does. Go ahead and make your—

ALI: -as a cat.

KEITH: But you can still like—

AUSTIN: Oh my god.

KEITH: We're in the middle of a fight. Why is she doing that to me?

AUSTIN: She'll ex— Maybe she's— Maybe you say something, Hella? Do you say like, everyone in this room, be like— try to tell people your plan here?

ALI: I sh— No.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah, so then I growl. I growl the shit out of this thing.

ALI: Both because it's frantic and also 'cause I guess, I don't like have an answer.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

KEITH: Because you're evil.

ALI: Yeah, went— I'm evil so I wouldn't say anything.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

ALI: Do I get a…

AUSTIN: Woof. Okay.

KEITH: Plus something?

AUSTIN: No that's after the plus.

ALI: No that's— That is a 1 and a 3 plus a 2.

JACK: We are rolling well today.

AUSTIN: This is— So, mark experience.

KEITH: I don't like this new site.

AUSTIN: Mark experience, Ali.

KEITH: Can we go back to Roll Biz or whatever it was?

ALI: Is that— Is that a true fail?

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's a fail.

JACK: Screw you Fantasmo.

ALI: Oh.

AUSTIN: Anything under a 7 is a fail.

ALI: Oh no.

KEITH: Yeah, you failed. You didn't— You didn't do any of that.

AUSTIN: So you've—

KEITH: And I don't—

AUSTIN: You've lifted— You've started to drag uh Fero into that other room but while you're reaching down to grab him the— the shield just isn't in the right place. Um, roll a d6, 1d6, for damage on yourself. Um. Actually, I'm gonna— I'm sorry, I'm looking at this character and what his moves are that I've made. Uh, you can like throw— You're able to push Fero into that room, but the bolt goes under your uh, shield and catches you in the— in the leg, or the foot, pinning you in the ground there. Making it— Making it so that you can't move from that room. Uh… Not—

ALI: Like, pinning me completely or just-

AUSTIN: Pinning your foot.

ALI: stumble? Oh.

AUSTIN: No, it's in— it's through your foot into the ground.

ALI: Oh.

JACK: Ouch.

AUSTIN: Roll 1d6 for…

ALI: Fuck.

KEITH: Hey.

AUSTIN: Roll 1d6 damage.

ALI: Okay, he only gets 1 on me.

AUSTIN: Oh that's good. In fact that means you, hm…

KEITH: Maybe it goes through the foot armor but it doesn't go through the foot.

AUSTIN: The foot armor but it misses— Yeah, but it misses the foot itself. It like goes through the tip of your foot armor. Um, what kind of armor are you wearing again?

ALI: Okay, so like the—

AUSTIN: Some sort of like scale mail or plate or something.

ALI: No, no, no, I just have— I have chain mail but I guess I can right now.

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, that's fine, though like. Catches some of those and pins you down there.

KEITH: Yeah, the boot isn't chain mail.

ALI: So I guess the only thing that's keeping me to the floor right now is the metal.

AUSTIN: Is the metal. You could like rip it off fine, but like at this point, you don't get in the other room is the important thing.

ALI: Okay. Alright, fair.

AUSTIN: Uh…

ALI: And then I go down to my knee.

KEITH: So you threw me. You just picked me up and threw me.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Brutus drops both of those bows, having shot them— or both of those crossbows, having shot them. Um…

KEITH: Did— Is— Is Brutus near… Did I get moved nearer to Brutus?

AUSTIN: No, no, you're further away from everything at this point. So, over in that left hallway are Hadrian and Fero and Lem, I guess, said he was also going to move with you guys. In the middle room are Fantasmo— Or not the middle room but the— the entryway. Fantasmo, Hella and uh… I think just those two plus the knight and Cali, the sword— or the hammer…

JACK: I'm gonna um… I'm gonna take a charge on Brutus.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: I'm gonna roll Hack and Slash.

AUSTIN: Okay, so what are you doing? So you're going to sprint across from…

JACK: I'm going to, I'm armed with a uh, a dueling rapier.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Uh, which is in orcish culture, essentially a weird extended machete, essentially. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Um, it's not what you would expect a dueling rapier to look like for humans. Um, because I suppose it's built on a history of orc tradition, orc culture.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm. Sure.

JACK: Um, it is a— It's essentially like a machete. Like a— Like a wide bladed uh, slashing instrument.

AUSTIN: But well— Mh-hmm.

JACK: But long. Longer.

AUSTIN: Is it— Is it um… You're keeping it with those tags, though? Close and Precise?

JACK: Uh.

AUSTIN: So Precise, the tag means that you use your Dexterity to hit with it, instead of your Strength.

KEITH: I'm…

JACK: Um, so…

AUSTIN: Or, because it's an orcish thing, does it not have that design? I'm could go either way there. Like, I'm fine with you getting to be the Bard that uses Strength.

JACK: Is there any chance we could push it towards Strength?

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: 'Cause I kinda feel like that's what an orc would spec towards rather than Dexterity.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think that's that's fine.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I have no problem making that a— Yeah. A dueling machete.

KEITH: I'm picturing like a— like a scrimitar. Is that what the— Is that what we're doing?

JACK: I-I'm sorry, a what Keith?

AUSTIN: A what?

KEITH: A sc— Is that what it's called? A scrimi— A scrimi— 

AUSTIN: A scimitar.

KEITH: Isn't there— I've never— I've never had it heard. I've just read it in books.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: And it's just like—

JACK: Now this an orcish scrimitar. It's—

KEITH: Is that what— That's what it sounds like.

JACK: It's for scrimmage.

KEITH: It's for scrimmaging.

NICK: Well scimi—

KEITH: You put on— Everybody put on your pinnies.

AUSTIN: I think it's scimitar.

NICK: Scimitars are curved.

KEITH: Scimitar?

JACK: It's not a scimitar.

KEITH: I mean machetes are kind of— kind of…

JACK: Basically you know the sort of— the kinda— a kinda— you know this length.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know what you mean.

JACK: I'm gesturing at the camera. Like, a this length machete. Imagine that but a bit longer.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: And the traditional—

NICK: Sounds like a traditional Roman sword that kinda looks like that?

JACK: Like a scutum? Or is that more of a standard legionnaire's weapon?

NICK: No…

AUSTIN: No, isn't a scutum a shield? A scutum looks like a shield.

JACK: It might be. I did not study the Romans since like— like year three, so I don't—

NICK: Um. No, I guess not.

AUSTIN: Anyway, so, I—

JACK: Anyway, so the thing about— the thing about orc weapons is that um, one of the things that the orcs have got in the Archive is that they've got weapons just everywhere. Like they have recovered weapons from basically every conceivable place, constantly so any orc weapons— no orc weapons are smithed by orcs. They're just handed—- They're assigned to people from the Archives. Like, "Oh hey, this is your weapon." Um, so I'm gonna— I'm gonna charge Brutus.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: I'm going to pull my— I'm gonna sling my violin back onto my back and I'm going to charge across the room towards Brutus.

AUSTIN: Sounds good.

JACK: So this is uh, 2d6 plus my Strength.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

JACK: Um. Uh, which is… that. And I have rolled uh, a 5. Jesus.

AUSTIN: You guys.

JACK: So I'm gonna mark—

KEITH: I don't like this new website! We're using this new fucking website, I don't like this.

ALI: I'm— I'm okay with it.

NICK: I'm alright, for it.

AUSTIN: What it does mean is you're getting a lot of XP, though, guys. That'll add up. Yeah.

KEITH: But not if we die.

ART: Fill up those experienced corpses in the cemetery. Have all the best corpse powers. 

KEITH: It's actually scimitary.

JACK: When do I level up?

ALI: Oh my god, can we just replay this game as ghosts?

AUSTIN: Lem…

JACK: I level up, current level + 7, so I level up when I've got 8 EXP which is miles away.

AUSTIN: Uh…

JACK: So I essentially charge towards him with a 5.

AUSTIN: You're— You um, as you run past though, you gain the attention of Rivalo, the knight captain, who charges like, after you. And just before you're ready to swing, grabs you by your, like your shoulder and spins you around. 

JACK: Oh jeez.

AUSTIN: And stab— thrusts in at you, d8 damage.

JACK: 1d8.

KEITH: Yeah, I don't know about Jack.

AUSTIN: 1d8.

JACK: 1d— Okay. Um, 1d8, that comes out as 5.

AUSTIN: Whoo.

JACK: So minus my armor?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Which is -1 so I lose 4.

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

JACK: Uh, so I have—

KEITH: Oh, you know what I never did. I never, oh no, never mind. I take it back.

AUSTIN: Okay. You're in this room now, Lem, and you can see that there is like a really nice bed, next to, on like the near wall, uh near the door. I'll just draw that in and stuff. Um…

KEITH: Jack is in— Lem is in the room opposite to us, right?

AUSTIN: No, Lem is now in the room— is in the bedroom. Is in this bedroom here.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: 'Cause he charged Brutus who is here at the— inside the bedroom. This is like a nice bookcase here and then there's like some stuff in the corners… um just kind of there. And some torches. 

JACK: I'm gonna search the hell out of this place if I survive.

KEITH: Wait, so.

AUSTIN: So, Lem.

KEITH: If we were— If we were here.

AUSTIN: Yes. 

KEITH: If we were in the— in the-

AUSTIN: The entryway.

KEITH: the bottom room there.

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: So now.

AUSTIN: You are here.

KEITH: Oh.

AUSTIN: You and Hadrian are in here.

KEITH: Oh, that's the room he got pushed in. Okay.

AUSTIN: Hella is in the middle, Fantasmo is in the middle. Now Brutus and Rivalo are here. And Cali, Calithane, the woman with the hammer is here, who's turned her attention to Hella who is pinned. Uh.

KEITH: Okay, I wanna get at—

AUSTIN: Hey let's go— Here's a question. Hadrian hasn't moved in like forever. What are you up to, Hadrian?

ART: I actually think Fantasmo's before me.

AUSTIN: I mean, we're not doing an ordered system and I don't— The last thing you did was like, get hit, right?

ART: No, that was the counter that you tried to cancel out.

AUSTIN: Oh that was the counter. Okay, yeah,

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: then Fantasmo, what are you doing as— as once again, Cali has turned her attention away from you and is now moving in on Hella.

NICK: Um, Fantasmo is going to go invisible. Or try to.

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. Um… Go ahead and make that roll.

ALI: That's it?

AUSTIN: Uh-oh.

KEITH: Can I see Fantasmo doing this from where I'm standing?

AUSTIN: Oh, I don't know what just happened there. Oh you tossed out another plus, I think. Go ahead and just reroll that. Um, yeah you can. Why— Oh, you're doing '#Spell.' I didn't see—

NICK: Yeah, I— I've messed around with this website. So that's bad.

AUSTIN: No, that's cool. That's a cool website. That's bad though.

NICK: I made a spell roll macro, basically. So I can just like— I can type uh, '!Spell.'

AUSTIN: And then it'll make that roll. That's really useful. Uh, when you fail a spell, um. Uh… Let's see. I get to make— Okay, well you failed— you failed the spell so mark that— Mark that XP.

KEITH: Woof guys, we are not doing great.

AUSTIN: Um. Okay, um…

KEITH: This is going so bad.

NICK: How much should I— 

AUSTIN: So you— How should I— Uh, as you… as you begin to cast the spell, uh Hella and— and Calli kind of cross weapons and Hella, despite being pinned down, manages to push Cali back, on to you, um. You don't take any damage from this but her weight sends you stumbling through the now open wall there.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Um, and into the other room. Uh, she then turns and steps in there with you. At this point the party is like all over the place. So that all of the bad people are in this bedroom. Hella is pinned in this uh, entryway. Hadrian is off in the corner here with Fero, uh, in this storeroom and Hella remains— and Lem is alone. No, Lem and Fantasmo are in the bedroom, surrounded by these rough boys. The rough boys gang.

[AUTUMN04]

KEITH: Last time, on Dungeon World.

AUSTIN: As we pick up the game, you’ve already traveled towards this island, the Island of Eventide. The leadership, the government of the Berg has sent you here to investigate this strange tower. 

AUSTIN: You hear a bell ringing from above you. Those of you who have lived in kind of posh civilization before know that it’s a dinner bell.

JACK: No, oh no, this is not a good situation.

AUSTIN: And then you hear the faintest dut-dut-dut dut-dut-dut like a kind of percussive --

KEITH: That sounds like a waltz, like for sure.

AUSTIN: I hate this, you can see my face, this is the worst!

KEITH: Ghost waltz...

JACK: I’m -- all -- this place is great, there’s waltzing, there’s food, there’s some paintings, and then Hadrian just killed a skeleton.

AUSTIN: Hadrian -- 

AUSTIN: Butcher knives going up and down, up and down on tables, there are people -- there aren’t people, sorry, there are bowls hanging in the air with whisks spinning things around --

AUSTIN: A bunch of the book people start to fall away, and the books start to move together, and rise up. You see now that the books have formed a giant wave, and it’s coming right in your direction. 

TALKING BOOKS: Leave our kind with us. You should not torture them with your sound.

AUSTIN: Resting in one of the chairs is a suit of black and gold armor, and it turns and looks up and says --

RIVALO: I don’t know what in the name of Good King Samot you want. But this place isn’t yours. Get out.

KEITH: Uh, Lem is in the room opposite to us, right?

AUSTIN: No. Lem is now in the room -- is in the bedroom, is in this bedroom here. Because he charged through this who is here, inside the bedroom.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: This is like a nice bookcase here, and there’s like some stuff in the corners… Um, kind of there --

JACK: I’m gonna search the hell out of this place if I survive.

KEITH: Wait, so --

AUSTIN: So, Lem --

KEITH: -- so, if we were here --

AUSTIN: Yes?

KEITH: If we were in the entryway, bottom room there so now --

AUSTIN: Yes. You are here. 

KEITH: Ohhh, that’s the room we got pushed into. Okay.

AUSTIN: You and Hadrian are in here, Hella’s in the middle, Fantasmo’s in the middle, now Brutus and Rivalo are here, and Cali -- Calithane -- the woman with the hammer is here, who’s turned her attention to Hella who is pinned. Uh…

KEITH: Okay, I wanna -- get at -- oh --

AUSTIN: Hey, let’s go -- here’s a question, Hadrian hasn’t moved in like forever. What are you up to, Hadrian?

ART: I actually think Fantasmo’s before me.

AUSTIN: I mean, we’re not doing an ordered system, and I don’t -- the last thing you did was like, get hit, right?

ART: No, that was just a counter to me trying to hit someone.

AUSTIN: Okay, then Fantasmo, what are you doing as once again Cali has turned her attention away from you and is now moving in on Hella?

NICK: Um, Fantasmo’s going to go invisible again. Or try to.

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. Go ahead and make that roll.

ALI: That’s it?

AUSTIN: Uh-oh.

KEITH: Can I see Fantasmo doing this, from where I’m standing?

AUSTIN: Oh, I don’t know what just happened. Oh, you tossed on another plus I think. Go ahead and just re-roll that. Yeah, you can. Why -- ohohoh, you’re doing a hashtag spell. I didn’t see that. Phew!

NICK: Yeah, I’m messing around with this website. 

AUSTIN: No, that’s cool, it’s a cool website.

NICK: Oh, that’s bad.

AUSTIN: That’s bad, though. What happened to --

NICK: I made -- I made a spell roll macro, basically, so I can just type --

AUSTIN: Ohhh. Neat!

NICK: I can type !spell and it’ll roll.

AUSTIN: And then it’ll make that roll. That’s really useful. Uh, when you fail a spell, uh… let’s see. I get to make --

KEITH: Woof, we are not doing great.

AUSTIN: -- okay, well you failed that spell so mark that XP. Um… Okay. Uh… You...

KEITH: This is going so bad.

AUSTIN: How should I explain this. As you… As you begin to cast the spell, Hella and Cali kind of cross weapons and Hella, despite being pinned down manages to push Cali back, onto you. You don’t take any damage from this, but her weight sends you stumbling through the now open wall there, and into the other room. She then turns and steps in there with you. At this point, the party is like all over the place. So that all of the bad people are in this bedroom, Hella is pinned in this entryway, Hadrian is off in the corner here with Fero in this storeroom, and Hella -- Lem is… alone? No, Lem and Fantasmo are in the bedroom surrounded by these… these roughboys, the roughboys gang.

KEITH: I’m gonna take a charge at Cali.

AUSTIN: Okay, as she steps into that other room.

KEITH: As she steps into that other room I’m gonna charge at her and leap and try to go for the same sort of neck head area that Nick hit with magic missile --

AUSTIN: Okay, sounds good.

KEITH: --the unprotected area. And --

JACK: Only one dwarven arrow was made.

KEITH: Wait that’s a… that’s a 9?

AUSTIN: Yeah, look at that! That’s a, that’s a… 

KEITH: Yeah, there we go.

JACK: This site is starting to work in our favor.

AUSTIN: I mean, go ahead and make that damage roll.

KEITH: ... 4.

AUSTIN: Okay… Uh…

KEITH: Uh, can -- is it too late to use my forward on that thing that maybe -- could have turned it from a 9 to a 10?

AUSTIN: What fo -- oh, from the thing that the animal warned you about?

KEITH: From my -- yeah. 

AUSTIN: I don’t know that your animal warned you into how you could bite this woman’s head better…

KEITH: No, nonono.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean?

KEITH: Oh, do I have to use that in an applicable situation?

AUSTIN: Right, remember that you have to explain what that animal told you --

KEITH: And why that for -- okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah, how you got that there. There are places where you could’ve used it already, you could use it again somewhere else, I -- I mean, maybe the animal told you something really practical, like hey when you bite make sure to use all your mouth, like I dunno.

ALI: Can I... 

AUSTIN: Let me finish --

KEITH: I mean, I was thinking of -- what I was thinking of --

JACK: You are giving terrible advice to animals.

KEITH: I was thinking of something, uh, sort of like a broader inspiration for why these people are important to defeat.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay!

KEITH: So that we can make it, but I since I al-- 

AUSTIN: That’s fair.

KEITH: Yeah, since I already did my, I wasn’t just like “he told me about you specifically, with your hammer, he said watch out for the hammer lady!”

AUSTIN: Nonono, I actually don’t mind that, I actually don’t mind that so much. What did the animal tell you about these people?

KEITH: Uh… So --

AUSTIN: And yeah, I’ll let you push that up to -- from a 9 to a 10 so that you don’t have to get hit.

KEITH: Yeah. So, when I was approached by this sort of komodo dragon type lizard that I would like to give another name, later, uh, I was told as we were going on this mission that it was crucially important that we succeed, that we find out what is happening in this tower, because the power that is held inside the tower is, uh, large enough to change the face of the world as it exists.

AUSTIN: Okay. That’s accurate and I could see that inspiring you to despite your damage, kind of like soldier on and hit hard here. Um… Yeah, you cut hard -- you bite hard into the back of her neck, and latch on there pretty well. Ali, you were about to -- Hella was about to say something.

ALI: Well, I was going to see if I could aid, um… Keith with that, but I feel like -- I mean, she’s back there because we kind of had -- moves?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

ALI: So I feel like I should also be going in for an attack.

AUSTIN: You -- you need to at this point spend a little bit of time -- effectively one action -- unpinning yourself from the ground.

ALI: Okay. That’s fair.

AUSTIN: So, you’re now down there pulling that bolt out of your shoe and stuff, let’s now let’s see what Hadrian’s up to.

ART: Alright, so how far into this room would you say I was pushed, I mean I’m pushed far enough that I can see around the corner, how -- what’s --

AUSTIN: Um, yeah, I think like -- here, hereish,

ART: So my visibility of what’s happening here is pretty bad.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but you can -- you’ve been able to move around a little bit, you can see that like, hey, no one’s in that room anymore, except for Hella, weird.

ART: Right. But like… But like I don’t have a great sense of how this fight’s going.

AUSTIN: No, you have no idea.

ART: There’s like -- there’s a part of me and this might be a really shitty like, out of character part of me --

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: -- that wants to like, go up here. Like, what if there’s something important -- here, right?

AUSTIN: Sure, do you want to do that? Do you want to have done that? I can -- I’m gonna say you can --

JACK: Since this is a podcast, could you be clear about where “here” is?

AUSTIN: Yeah, sorry, so he wants to go -- again -- there’s kind of like an L shape --

ART: Like, here.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but he can’t -- they can’t see that, Art.

ART: Oh.

AUSTIN: There’s an L-shaped -- Art is in an L-shaped storeroom that’s attached to the entryway at the bottom-right of the L? He wants to go up the length of the L and around to where it like, curves back around, it’s almost like a C-shape here.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So if he goes up to the top-left of the L, if that makes sense -- or, is that what you’re doing, Art?

ART: Uh, yeah, I don’t think -- I’m -- I’m worried it’s like hideously out of character, but I’m dismissing that worry.

AUSTIN: I think that it’s -- I think that -- I know what you wanna do here, I get what you wanna do here and I think that that’s fair. Um… and in fact, given the amount of time this has been, since all that stuff, I’m gonna let you like, get a lot here, just so I can also draw in the rest of this if that makes sense.

ART: Sure. Yeah…

AUSTIN: So you go up to here and see that it in fact circles around, and that here, you get to this big door, smash that open, it’s a big wooden door -- 

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: -- uh, one second, there are stairs up here.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: Okay. Um… So you don’t see what’s over here, but you do see that on the other side of the stairs --

ART: Er, this is -- this is stairs?

AUSTIN: That’s stairs. On the other side -- on the right -- so at the very north end of this map, at this point, there are stairs. Um… back behind whatever’s inbetween the storeroom -- there’s kind of a rectangle, it seems now, around the center of this floor. And on the right side, on the east side of this room, of this storeroom, there are -- it’s armor, and weapons and stuff like that all the way over here. Um… And on the left side it’s foodstuffs and ropes and building materials. Art has now busted into -- what he immediately sees is a giant war room, with an octogonal war table -- like a map in the center, and some…

JACK: Good octagon!

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s alright, freehanded. And just like some stuff scattered around, some tables and chairs here, you can see there’s a table in the corner where there are some cards set up, there’s -- I’m gonna say that that’s the big stuff. And you can see that there’s a door here that is closed… That’s a good rad -- whatever rad ferry is doing over there is really good. Uh, I’ma say that that door is open again just for the sake of time, and you can see that there are more --

KEITH: Oh, did I typo my fucking name?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you -- yeah, you did. You wrote “rad ferry”.

KEITH: This is a rad berry.

AUSTIN: Uh, it says F-E-R-R -- oh is this -- is that a? No, F-E-R-R-Y, Keith, your name on this chat is Rad Ferry. F-E-R-R-Y.

KEITH: I -- hold on, if you can see, look under mine the position of the mic and then the keyboard, it’s like I can’t really see -- what’s going on.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. Yeah, I see. That’s fair. That’s fair. So here we go, this is it, this is what the room, this is what the floor looks like at this point. Um… These are other bedrooms --

JACK: And we will be posting -- we’ll be posting this map somewhere for people to look at.

AUSTIN: Right. Including Keith’s drawing of…

KEITH: I wanna say that this is the first time that anyone’s ever said anything I drew was cool. Because I can’t draw.

JACK: It looks sort of like a Jabberwocky.

KEITH: It’s got -- I dunno, I drew an arm and something horrible coming out of the arm.

AUSTIN: It looks like… I thought it was like a diseased Italy.

ALI: Uh, no, I thought it was like a goat.

KEITH: No, you can see, here, this is the head, this is the head and the neck, he’s kind of looking back and his arm is holding up some sort of terrible thing coming off it.

JACK: No, Italy is diseased, says Austin Walker.

AUSTIN: Oh, I see. It just looks bad. Great!

AUSTIN: So, Hadrian is now in this war room. You can hear the fighting has spilled into the main -- this big bedroom here. 

ART: Sure. Uh… Okay, there’s nothing like super distinct about this war room?

AUSTIN: There is a crown on the table.

ART: What does it look like?

AUSTIN: It’s super familiar. It is… an iron crown with the sun emblazoned on its front.

ART: Can I… Can I touch it, is it… is it weird?

AUSTIN: It’s warm to the touch. Hadrian is up in this other room playing with things, what’s happening in the -- I like this actually, I like that Hadrian is like “alright, I’m gonna run around, I’m gonna get like the tactical drop on these guys,” and steps into this room and sees this crown on this table and --

JACK: And is like, oh damn!

AUSTIN: I should actually talk about the -- if you’re that close to the table, Art, I’m gonna describe the table for you.

ART: Yes. I’ll say I’m, I’m next to the table, yes.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Here-ish. Uh… Let me… Okay, so it’s a map of the continent on that war room, or at least it’s like, a continent that looks sort of like what you understand the continent to look like, it looks like old maps of the continent -- so there are some things that are different than what bad current maps are. It’s kind of dioramic, it’s not a flat map, there are things sticking up out of it, so there are little cities carved into it out of the marble. Um… There are forests and mountains that rise up off the table and are carved in in some material. As you -- and there’s even like villages here, like little important spots on the map that are marked -- you can almost see where they’ve been marked on the table, and in the place of the mark is -- are like, little tiny diorama style huts. As you get closer, and as you touch the -- as you touch the crown, which is warm to the touch, you can almost see the breeze in the forests that are swaying them back and forth. You can hear the low hum of activity from the cities. You can hear the waves lapping on the shores, on this map. So, meanwhile...

AUSTIN: Great, now this guy has weird shoes. Looking at this map again.

JACK: I’m gonna go for Brutus again! How’s it going?

AUSTIN: Is everyone now in this room at this point? Yes, everyone is now in this room.

ART: Except for Hadrian.

AUSTIN: Except for Hadrian, is in the room. Um, alright, so, you said you wanted to go for Brutus again, what do you do at this point?

JACK: I uh, I kind of scramble up from Brutus’ previous counter-attack --

AUSTIN: Oh, that was actually Rivalo, the captain’s, counter-attack, remember -- he like grabbed and stabbed at you. He’s the captain.

JACK: Oh, I’m sorry, Rivalo is the -- Rivalo is the armored man.

AUSTIN: Yeah, he’s the big armored man.

JACK: I’m still gonna focus in on Brutus, largely because I feel that he’s the target best suited to my lack of physical strength here. He’s got crossbows.

AUSTIN: Sounds fair.

JACK: So uh, I’m gonna scramble back up and essentially just take another similar shot at Brutus, I’m gonna go charging towards him, just attempt to like slice at him with my… with my weapon. 

AUSTIN: Go for it.

JACK: So I’m gonna roll… 2d6 + strength, which is 2d6+1… 2… d... 6.

AUSTIN: I’m rooting for y’all at this point, I really am rooting for you.

JACK: 9!

AUSTIN: Hey, that’s a --

KEITH: I think we can do it.

AUSTIN: That’s a hit! Um, go ahead and do your damage.

JACK: Right, so I roll 1d6 here.

AUSTIN: Is that bardic damage? Yeah.

JACK: Yeah, unless I have -- yeah, that’s not modified by anything.

AUSTIN: That’s, that’s…

JACK: 1d6… 4!

AUSTIN: That’s a solid--

ART: Well plus your weapon, your weapon has a bonus, right?

AUSTIN: Nah, his weapon doesn’t have hit bonuses.

JACK: Nope. Um, so basically I, uh, hit him.

AUSTIN: Yeah! You, um…

JACK: And he makes an attack against me.

AUSTIN: Right, so you go ahead and hit him well, across his chest, but as you do you’ve seen that he like reached into his -- into his, he has like a, what do you call those things, like a chest belt where stuff is --

JACK: Like a bandolier or something?

AUSTIN: A bandolier of knives.

ART: Like a cumberbund?

AUSTIN: Like a cumberbund of knives -- no, a bandolier of knives -- has pulled out a little dagger, and stabbed down at you with it -- um, roll 1d6 for damage.

JACK: Okay, cool.

AUSTIN: Uh, 1d6-1.

JACK: Why 1d6-1?

AUSTIN: Yeah, 1d6-1.

JACK: Why the minus?

AUSTIN: Cause it’s just not as good as his crossbow. There are like tinier... shittier daggers. Look at that!

JACK: Ze...zero.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so, so, it -- he stabs at you, to do, to -- and it doesn’t even -- it doesn’t even scrape against your armor, he overreaches behind you and like catches the back -- the air behind your back. You can feel the pressure of the dagger but it doesn’t cut into you at all. Nick, what were you gonna say?

NICK: It was a dumb joke, I was gonna say he’s got a little Benedict Cumberbund… figure. Holding a bunch of knives.

AUSTIN: Great. Um…

JACK: Just hanging around his waist.

AUSTIN: Um…

KEITH: Wait, sorry, who tried to stab Lem? Which one was it?

AUSTIN: That was Brutus, the guy who used to have the crossbow. Uh, the crossbows.

JACK: Brutus.

ALI: Okay. And then like, so uh… hammer lady’s still kind of --

AUSTIN: Hammer lady -- she’s in the middle of that bedroom at this point, uh, and then she is --

ALI: Okay. Still kind of reeling from that bite?

AUSTIN: No, she has -- no, she has, here’s what she’s doing, she has Fero by the scruff of his neck at this point, and is charging forward -- she wants to try to like pick him up off of her neck and throw him against the far wall -- the wall that the connects it to the war room. But she’s struggling to get him off.

ALI: Are we at the point where I can attack her?

AUSTIN: Sure! Uh. Absolutely.

ALI: Um…

AUSTIN: Let’s say that she’s struggling with Fero to get him off at that point.

ALI: Yeah. And then I sort of see that opening and since I’ve pulled the bolt out of my foot and then just kind of charge her... 

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

ALI: With my sword…

AUSTIN: Go for it.

ALI: Yeah. That is 2d6+2?

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ALI: So I get an 8.

AUSTIN: That’s a hit.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So go ahead and do your damage, she’ll also get to do damage to you. She’ll be able to hit you. But...

ALI: Hit -- oh, um, what I wanted to, we forgot this before but my sword has +2 piercing and, uh--

AUSTIN: Oh, that’s good. Nothing on her, if you’d been hitting Rivalo that would have come up. I don’t think you’ve hit him. Oh, wait you totally did, you did hit Rivalo once --

JACK: Rivalo?

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: -- so I will take note of that. There we go. He’s a little bit more hurt. 

ALI: And then my damage is d10 plus… is there a +1 or no?

AUSTIN: No, it’s just a d10. Unless it says, unless your sword says plus on that.

ART: It probably does.

AUSTIN: It probably does, your sword almost certainly does.

ALI: It only has a +1 piercing which doesn’t have a thing for her, right?

AUSTIN: No, unless you had -- yeah, yeah yeah, so you could’ve taken -- your signature weapon could have had +1 damage but +1 weight or something, but you didn’t, you took piercing and something else?

ALI: Right right right. Okay, yeah. Um, it’s uh, sure... crafted.

AUSTIN: Well-crafted? Yeah.

ALI: So that’s -1 weight.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

ALI: Uh, one -- oh - ahh! My damage is a 4.

AUSTIN: Okay, no, that’s fine. Go ahead and do -- take -- also roll d10 damage against you really quick, 1d10 for you, and I’ll see how this goes.

ALI: Oh, a 1! Which is --

AUSTIN: Which is nothing for you.

JACK: We’ve had good rolls!

AUSTIN: Uh, you, uh -- so she’s trying to get Fero off her back and spins around to like -- and looks up to see you and you’re able to just like one clear stab through her stomach --

KEITH: Nice.

AUSTIN: -- and drops forward, like, reaches out to like hit you as she falls, and looks straight up at you for the first time and you can see that over her left eye, something’s been carved right there, like right over her eye and then falls, blood seeping out, no life left in her.

JACK: Yes! Okay, one down, two to go.

ALI: Like, on her eye, or…?

AUSTIN: Like, no, like, her eye is gone.

ALI: No, actually don’t --

AUSTIN: Her eye is gone, it’s just flesh, it’s just flesh.

ALI: Okay. Okay. Okay.

ART: Piercing subtracts from armor, everyone’s clear on that?

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Cool. I’m gonna do a ha -- if we survive this I’m gonna do a pretty big sweep on the kind of like, enemy iconography in this room --

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: I would like -- I would like to transform back into a halfling.

AUSTIN: Okay, on top of her corpse, you kind of like -- “huh”?

KEITH: Well I’m not confused about it, I know that I’m doing it!

AUSTIN: “Whoa, why am I a halfling now?”

KEITH: I -- I want them to note that on the video Austin like, did like a “huuuh!” like a, like an arms up, hands raised, fucking Neil deGrasse Tyson thing --

AUSTIN: I did!

KEITH: You did that fucking -- you did that meme, you did that!

AUSTIN: I did the meme. So you’ve now turned back into a halfling at this point -- 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you now have -- what’s your weapon as a halfling, a short bow?

KEITH: I have a short bow and I have a short sword.

AUSTIN: Okay, hold on, one second.

KEITH: Oh, I have a ragged bow and a short sword.

AUSTIN: Seeing Cali fall, you see the mask of Rivalo turn into a frown -- again in this kind of stop-motion chk-chk-chk like almost mechanical style. And --

JACK: Sorry, Austin, how is this actually -- could you -- you say stop-motion, like, how is this actually being reflected in his faceplate?

AUSTIN: It’s turning --

JACK: Is his faceplate composed of different pieces?

AUSTIN: His faceplate is a face. No, it’s as if it’s changing -- it’s just changing from one -- it’s almost as if he’s rapidly changing to a different mask.

JACK: So it’s magical rather than mechanical.

AUSTIN: Yes. Well, I mean, it could be mechanical, but I don’t know -- you aren’t an engineer.

KEITH: It could be magic mechanical.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean?

JACK: Right. Yeah.

AUSTIN: So like, who knows, it could be mechanical. But like, in a world with magic, your first instinct is “ohh, it’s a weird magic mask!” So it turns into a frown, and… Jack. Actually -- hm, okay. Uh… Huh. Everyone -- he says -- he says:

RIVALO: Your blades are mine!

AUSTIN: And… Everyone in the room except for Hella, and obviously Hadrian who is not in the room, but anyone with a weapon in the room, which now includes Lem, give me a roll… Give me a defy danger roll. Um… versus… or with… What do I have written down, one second, I have to check. A wisdom defy danger. I think it would be wisdom here.

JACK: Mental fortitude.

KEITH: Ooh, perfect.

AUSTIN: Yeah! That’s right.

JACK: Okay, so 2d6 plus our… thingy.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: Mhm.

ART: Plus your WIS.

KEITH: I got an 11.

AUSTIN: Plus your WIS. Alright, good.

JACK: Uh, I’ve got a… um… an 8.

AUSTIN: Okay. Hm, okay.

KEITH: Man, loving that +2 wisdom right now!

NICK: I got a 7.

AUSTIN: Okay, so, on a 7 to 9 you stumble, hesitate, or flinch, the GM will offer you a worse outcome, hard bargain, or ugly choice. Uh… you, Jack -- Lem, and the Great Fantasmo -- what’s your weapon, Great Fantasmo?

NICK: Uh, he’s got a staff.

AUSTIN: Okay, so you have a staff. You feel the staff being pulled out of your hands here. You can --

JACK: This is the fucking dragon shout, isn’t it?

AUSTIN: Oh, wait, what’s the dragon shout?

JACK: From Skyrim.

AUSTIN: Oh no, it’s not --

JACK: In Skyrim they do that.

AUSTIN: It doesn’t feel like you’re being disarmed in the sense that, like, oh, your weapons are being knocked from you. It feels as if someone has gripped them -- it feels as if they -- someone else is taking them literally from you here.

KEITH: Ghost hands!

AUSTIN: Yeah, it feels like ghost hands are taking them from you. I’m gonna say you can… it’s fundamentally a success, which means you’re gonna hold onto them, but it means that you’re gonna be -- you’re gonna basically be wide open for the next little bit, struggling to hold -- you can let go if you want, and maintain kind of general control of your body, or you can like -- struggle with these things for the next few moments, which could be very important moments.

JACK: Is this an enchantment?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think you would think that.

JACK: Is there any way I could play some semiotics at this point? I don’t -- my hands are full.

AUSTIN: If you -- if you -- did you want to let go of the sword, you could totally take your violin back out.

JACK: Right, but if I want to play my violin out to shake my mind clear of one enchantment, that would -- that super wouldn’t work. 

AUSTIN: Right. Oh, wait, actually, so your thing says, your thing says -- sorry -- um, the mind is shaken clear of one enchantment, that would not count for this. 

JACK: Oh.

AUSTIN: You are not enchanted.

JACK: It’s almost as though our weapons are.

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: I would like to, in order to defend the others from being attacked while they’re open, I would like to take out my bow and shoot my bow at, uh, armored dude -- armored man.

AUSTIN: You’re gonna have to Defy Danger to do that, I think. Because a bow is like, a thing you wanna use at kind of what’s considered near range, which means --

KEITH: Oh, am I -- am I that close?

AUSTIN: You guys are in the same room. You guys are all in this bedroom, right?

KEITH: Alright. Yeah.

AUSTIN: So you kind of have to back away from him to gain enough distance so you can make that shot. Um...

KEITH: Okay, so I’ll just -- I’ll short sword him instead. 

AUSTIN: Okay. That’s fair.

KEITH: I was only doing the bow because I thought that I was farther away than I was.

AUSTIN: No, you’re pretty close at this point. So you’re using this on Rivalo, the captain knight--?

KEITH: Rivalo. Yeah. Yeah. I got a 5.

NICK: Can I, uh…

AUSTIN: Keith.

KEITH: Well that’s technically my first failed roll!

AUSTIN: That’s true. I’m gonna come to you in a second, Fantasmo.

JACK: Mark XP, Keith.

AUSTIN: Mark XP.

ART: Can I assume that that made noise?

AUSTIN: What did?

ART: That whole thing?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you heard him shouting from the other room. Um...

ART: Okay, I’m gonna stop doing my thing. When appropriate, I’m gonna stop.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: So you’ve just been poking this crown, repeatedly.

AUSTIN: Well, we can actually come back to you in a second and talk about what you did with the crown before you put it down, but let me just -- let me just take -- let me just make sure that Keith takes damage here, go ahead --

KEITH: Yeah, everybody make sure that I take damage.

AUSTIN: Um..

KEITH: What do you want me to roll?

AUSTIN: A d8. Where are you at, in terms of health at this point?

KEITH: I have…

AUSTIN: I think you’re doing…

KEITH: 10 health.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

KEITH: 6. Minus 2.

AUSTIN: What happens here is interesting. The -- it isn’t that Rivalo strikes you with his own weapon, when you like go to come in at him, he has -- one of the -- it’s the knife that Brutus had in his hand, slides out of his own hand and slams forward into your upper torso.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It then pulls itself out and is hovering in front of you. Um… talk -- Fantasmo, what did you want to do?

NICK: Um… I don’t know if this is going to do much of anything, but… in an attempt to like, I dunno, distract… to make a distraction -- before I -- so I’m hanging onto my staff, I wanna use my light cantrip to light it up. 

AUSTIN: The staff.

NICK: Right. It gets about as bright as a torch, it says.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: But it’s still like, a bright thing in the room. And then I’m gonna let it go and let it fly to wherever it’s going.

AUSTIN: Sounds good. Um… that’s neat, I’m just gonna… I think I’m just gonna let that happen. Go ahead and roll to see what happens around that, so go ahead and give me your spell roll.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Cause I wanna - but like, the actual casting of it isn’t the thing I’m interested in at this point.

NICK: 10.

AUSTIN: Alright, great. So… Yeah, I’ll say that that’s a pretty good distraction. You let go of the staff and it’s bright -- and it’s not so bright that it blinds anyone --

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: -- but what it does do is fully distract Brutus as it flies up into the air -- and he isn’t sure what it is, and he has -- his back is just straight to you, and you can get a free hit in on him. 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: So you can just roll your damage there?

NICK: Can I cast Magic Missile then?

AUSTIN: Or yeah, you can cast Magic Missiles at him.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Though I knew you did that -- there you --

JACK: Does he do that immediately, or could I do some semiotics on Fantasmo before he does that?

AUSTIN: No, this has to be a quick thing. This is like a --

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Cause, y’know, that -- again, for you -- that’s -- okay, you have to take out your violin, you have to start playing, and this is just like a brief moment --

JACK: I dunno, man, I’m kind of like Doc Holiday of my vi--

AUSTIN: It is! But this is a window of opportunity in which Brutus hasn’t seen and doesn’t understand what’s happening.

JACK: I can just like, shoot this thing, and…

KEITH: Wait… what does Doc Hollywood have to do with this?

JACK: Doc Holiday. He’s a gunslinger.

AUSTIN: Oh boy. Go ahead and make your magic missile roll here.

NICK: 7.

AUSTIN: 7 is a success, but it means at 7 you have to choose to either open yourself up to attack, forget the spell, or take a -1 forward on all spellcasting. Which do you choose?

NICK: I, uh…

AUSTIN: Also, go ahead and roll your 2d4 damage on this guy.

NICK: I’m gonna forget magic missile.

AUSTIN: Okay, so… you fire them, you do your thing where you kind of like point out with your hands and fire them and you strike Brutus, once in the back like square in the back and once in the back of the head and he just drops flat, and you do it with such force and conviction that you find the words and the motions slipping away from your body, you just can’t line it up the way you normally can, you can tell like, ah, you’re gonna have to practice this spell and this motion again to re-remember have to do it.

NICK: Right. Maybe the arrows get a little wobbly on the way to their destination --

AUSTIN: Yeah, as they go. Yeah. The one -- do the arrows when they hit, do they stay in, or do they vanish? Like is there a weird purple magic arrows, like --

NICK: No, no, they don’t stay in.

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. So it bursts and he falls over. Brutus is now on the floor, leaving only Rivalo on his feet. Meanwhile, Hadrian, uh… So you were touching the crown for let’s say 20 seconds before you heard the shouting from the other room. What do you do with it, what do you…

ART: Well, like, this is -- this is essentially the holy grail, right, like I’m trying to… or it could be.

AUSTIN: As far as you know. It could be. It could be... It could be the holy grail!

ART: Or, y’know, it’s not a cup, but, yeah!

AUSTIN: Right, right.

KEITH: “Oh I, y’know, it could be the holy grail!”

AUSTIN: It’s an iron crown, certainly. It could be. You don’t know.

ART: Is it evil?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Alright, so it’s probably not. Or if it is, my entire belief system is a sham, and I dunno that I want to confront this while my friends are dying! I mean, I’m certainly interested in this, and I want to come back to this.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you’re gonna now move into the other room, so you don’t -- okay.

ART: Yeah, I will move with all due swiftness to the noise in the other room.

AUSTIN: So let’s say you hit that room just as you see Brutus fall to the ground. 

ART: Alright.

AUSTIN: Who -- Hella? hasn’t done anything in a bit?

ALI: Uhhhhm… Well, I took out Cali, and then… so…

AUSTIN: Oh, Fero, Fero hasn’t done much -- he’s turned back into a halfling, and has maintained grip on his short sword. But… and let’s say now, you’ve kind of like -- wiggled it, you’ve kind of like pulled it back into control.

ALI: Oh, but, okay, wait, while that was happening, nothing happened…

AUSTIN: Nothing happened to your sword.

ALI: So I…

AUSTIN: Weird!

ALI: I guess I have an opportunity to attack those guys?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you do have an opportunity. Yeah, that makes sense. 

ALI: Who do we have left?

AUSTIN: Just Rivalo, the knight -- the captain.

ALI: Okay, um.. And, so this room is wider but he’s still -- my sword has short range so I could just kind of --

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, you’re within range, you’re both wielding swords, you’re both within range of each other at this point.

ALI: So Nick throws the arrow -- oh, nono, that was Nick, never mind. Okay, um, so yeah I guess I just kind of approach him and try to take another kind of -- it worked for me last time so another kind of overhead slash?

AUSTIN: Sounds good.

ALI: So that’s 2d6…

AUSTIN: Plus whatever your strength mod is.

ALI: So I get an 8 on that.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: And then…

AUSTIN: So go ahead and do your damage.

ALI: d10… And then what does piercing get on him?

AUSTIN: It subtracts his armor, and he only has two armor, so that’s subtracted to nothing.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So just go ahead and roll your d10.

ALI: So I get a 5 on him.

AUSTIN: Okay. Um… your hit… lands strong again, this time it actually pierces through his armor straight away and you get kind of like deep into him before he pushes you off, and then slashes back at you with his short sword, aiming for your shoulder. Roll d8 damage on you.

ALI: So that’s a 4 minus 2?

AUSTIN: Yeah. He does not -- oh, actually, he does have piercing, he also has 1 piercing. So 3.

ALI: Oh, he does. Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah. My bad. 

ALI: So I go down to uh, 17.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Other people -- yeah, I guess so! Geez, you have so much more HP than everybody else.

KEITH: She only has 6 more than I do! I just got hit, uh, 10 in one turn.

AUSTIN: Right, that’s true.

KEITH: Like, right up front.

AUSTIN: That’s true. So now, Fero, what are you up to? You’ve retained -- that hit, let’s say, has kind of calmed things back down. Fantasmo’s staff hits the ground. And you had your…

KEITH: Okay. Who has Rivalo’s attention?

AUSTIN: Hella, for sure.

KEITH: Hella, okay.

AUSTIN: But he’s not like -- he’s not tunnel vision, right, he’s a warrior, he’s aware of all of you at this point.

KEITH: Okay, would it -- are we talking about Defy Danger if I wanted to back off?

AUSTIN: No, no, you could back off if you want.

KEITH: Okay, I wanna -- I wanna back off and I wanna draw my bow.

AUSTIN: Okay, go ahead. Do you want to take a shot?

KEITH: Uh, I wanna -- yeah, I wanna take a shot.

AUSTIN: Sounds good.

KEITH: So I back off, sort of to the corner -- as far away as I can get and still have enough room to shoot my bow -- and I wanna sort of aim, uh… I’ma aim for his mask --

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: -- I wanna try to hit his mask, his big dumb mask.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: And that is… a 5! SO that’s another failed roll.

AUSTIN: It is another failed roll. Uhh…

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: That’s horrible!

AUSTIN: Hm. Go ahead and… So you take that shot and it totally misses him, but go ahead and roll damage on that…

KEITH: I’m never using this site again, by the way.

AUSTIN: I like this site a lot --

KEITH: You know what, hold on. Hold on.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

ALI: I love this site.

AUSTIN: Great, I can’t see that. That’s a 3.

KEITH: That’s a 3. Great.

AUSTIN: Ali, take 3 damage.

ALI: Huh?

AUSTIN: Minus your armor. The arrow that -- He backs off as you’re fighting this dude and shoots an arrow into the fray, catching you in the back.

ALI: Fuuuuck you! What!

KEITH: I rolled just for fun in there a d6 and it was a 4 so I saved you one! cause that’s how this works!

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

ALI: Daaang.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, what are you up to?

NICK: Uh…

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, you just did that spell, okay, so now --

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: -- let’s go back to Lem. Lem, you see that that at this point -- at this point, Rivalo is kind of… he’s in dire straits but he’s keeping his, he has kind of a grit to his -- the the mask’s expression where he still thinks he can take you.

JACK: Alright, um…

AUSTIN: He’s wounded though, he’s definitely wounded.

JACK: I’m gonna roll Hack and Slash, I’m gonna… so, I’ve wrested control back of my weapon at this stage, right?

AUSTIN: Yes, you have your machete again.

JACK: So I’m gonna -- I am absolutely not a fighter or a paladin or a cleric by any stretch of the imagination, I’m not particularly well versed with a sword, but I’m gonna a kind of weird particular stance that I think might be useful even though I’ve probably only ever seen it in pictures. 

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: Where I'm going to like, prepare to try and strike him on his neck in the join between where his mask meets his chestplate.

AUSTIN: Sounds good.

JACK: So I’m gonna roll Hack and Slash n that. Um… If I can just move from Skyping to Chrome here… That is 2d6+1. Fingers crossed, Keith, with this site that you love. That’s a 4.

KEITH: Yeah, I hate this site.

AUSTIN: Oh my… Christ! This is rough, y’all!

JACK: SO I’m gonna mark EXP here…

AUSTIN: Yeah! I mean, there’s a lotta XP. Lotta XP.

KEITH: Yeah, I think I might’ve leveled already.

JACK: Uh, I’m still on 4. Alright, so uh, I guess that’s a fail! Bring me the bad news, Austin!

AUSTIN: The bad news is that… you slice down at him, and he literally with his armored gauntlet slaps the blade away, and it goes clanking across the room, and he lifts you in the air with his other hand, and the arm -- the gauntlet burns your neck. Take -- roll 1d4.

JACK: Alright. Now of course, because this site is the worst I’m gonna get 4, aren’t I?

AUSTIN: We’ll see. And he’s beginning to choke at you at this point.

JACK: 3.

AUSTIN: Hm.

JACK: So I take 2 damage.

KEITH: Listen, i’ve got these real dice out now.

AUSTIN: Oh, actually, you’re gonna take 3 damage, your chest -- your like leather armor isn’t gonna protect your neck from burning. Right?

JACK: Oh, yeah. Okay, right, fine, so I’m down to 7 health.

NICK: Keith gets to use real dice, I wanna use real dice.

ALI: Maybe he-

AUSTIN: I would prefer you not because I’m keeping -- I am like, recording the dice footage, so that -- so that worse comes to worst I can actually see this shit quickly without having to...

KEITH: Oh, okay, I’ll do the real di-- I’ll do the fake dice. 

AUSTIN: And please do the thing where you add your stuff, cause this way in the future I’ll see what your, um...

KEITH: What were attacks and what weren’t attacks?

AUSTIN: And what -- if you failed stuff, for XP’s sake. 

NICK: This thing is... This site is really cool, you can put a hashtag at the end of a roll so you can like identify stuff and you can click over on the right -- uh, click to see this room’s logs, so we can like totally like save our logs for later?

AUSTIN: Yeah. This is a thing I would I would love to do, and like have notes. So going -- I really like this site going forward, I think it does this really well, and then like when you roll an attack you can say like, oh I was rolling Hack and Slash there, and stuff like that. And again, because I’m using OBS to record this stuff, I’ll be able to keep those logs, which will be useful for when we do forget what we did. Y’know? Anyway.

NICK: Yeah.

JACK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Especially as we get different moves that might need to be revisited, y’know? Um… So, uh…

ART: I contend it’s me.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think it’s Hadrian at this point. You see Lem lifted in the hand by this man who is wearing the black and gold armor.

ART: Yeah, I’ll charge him and -- and…

AUSTIN: Thrust in. 

ART: -- thrust? It’s an awkward weapon -- like it’s really --

AUSTIN: It’s awkward for this space too. 

ART: In this, in this, it’s probably, it’s actually probably a slashing motion.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but I don’t think that you have all that room in here, do you know what I mean? Like even Cali had to choke up on her hammer to make those swings, so I think the thrust is probably what you got in this bedroom. You know what I mean?

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: In that big entry hall I think you could do some slashes. But in here, I think it’s a little bit tighter. Or you could do side slashes! Plenty of room that way, hopefully you don’t hit anybody else. Y’know.

ART: I mean --

AUSTIN: I wouldn’t, unless you --

JACK: Don’t do a Fero.

AUSTIN: Don’t do a Fero.

ART: Alright.

KEITH: By a Fero, do you mean don’t fail every roll?

AUSTIN: Right. He doesn’t!

ART: Right, I got a 9.

AUSTIN: Okay, go ahead and uh, deal? your damage.

JACK: Oh, good! Nice work!

NICK: It’s not the site, it’s just you.

ALI: Yeah, I mean I failed every roll like last time.

AUSTIN: Nick says “dicegate” in the chat. It’s just?...

ART: Am I gonna pretend --

KEITH: Jack’s failed a few rolls, right?

AUSTIN: Go ahead and do…

NICK: I haven’t failed any.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and also roll…

KEITH: Yeah you did, you failed a spell roll!

AUSTIN: another… You did fail that one spell roll.

NICK: Oh yeah.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and take d8 damage, Art, and then I’ll narrate how this all plays out. So nothing for you.

ART: So nothing, uh, soaks… soaks armor.

AUSTIN: Soaks… Yeah. So you just thrust right--

ART: Really I gain a hit point.

AUSTIN: If only. You thrust your halberd forward, piercing the holy symbol in the middle of his chest, the holy symbol you recognize as your own. And just, shove him, all the way against the back of the room where that bookshelf is -- and just like, yeah! all the way through, and he like just impotently slashes at you and drops his sword and pulls you closer, and as you die you see the mask’s lips actually open up, and he says: 

RIVALO: He lives. 

AUSTIN: And spits, and falls, and clank, and he’s down on the ground.

JACK: Oh geez.

AUSTIN: You wanna take a break at this point? Should we take a -- so I can go, run to the bathroom and some water?

JACK: Should we do an Idle Thumbs break here?

NICK: Yep.

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: They pioneered breaks, right?

AUSTIN: They did, they pioneered breaks.

ART: Yeah that’s not a -- I’ll just -- I’ll just sit here and sing an a capella version of The Girl from Ipanema until we’re back…

AUSTIN: O-kay.

KEITH: Hold on.

JACK: Cool. Let’s go.

AUSTIN: So what’s up? What are you guys doing? These people are down on the floor now, what do you wanna do?

JACK: We don’t know these people’s names, right, Austin?

AUSTIN: You know everyone except Rivalo. You know that Rivalo was calling the lady with the hammer Cali -- Calithane, you heard him say once, and you know that the other one’s name is… Brutus.

JACK: Okay, I’d like to make a note somewhere on some like piece of paper that I’ve written down.

AUSTIN: Right, in one of your compartments you have -- yeah, a scrap --

KEITH: I would like to --

JACK: So that’s Cali and Brutus.

AUSTIN: C-A-L-I, yeah.

KEITH: I’d like to --

ART: I’d like to go back to the crown.

KEITH: And I wanna take off Rivalo’s mask.

AUSTIN: Okay, it’s hot to the touch, but you can do it without taking damage. Underneath he’s a man, he’s just a man, he’s middle-aged, graying thinning hair. On the top of his -- on his forehead he has a kind of brand marked in on his forehead -- similar to the one that’s on Cali’s eye.

Keith: I -- I wanna touch the inside of the mask where the -- like where it would have corresponded to his searing mark.

Austin: Uh… what do you mean, his searing mark.

KEITH: Like wherever the sear is, I wanna touch the corresponding spot -- there’s nothing?

AUSTIN: Oh, oh yeah sure. Nothing there. Nothing there. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It didn’t, it doesn’t like, fit on or anything like that.

KEITH: Okay. I’m… I’ll put the helmet on my face.

JACK: Uh, could I roll my -- No, go -- go on -- Fantasmo?

AUSTIN: One at a time, one at a time. Fantasmo, what’s up?

KEITH: Okay.

NICK: Uh, he’s gonna go look at the bookcase.

Austin: Okay, in Rivalo’s bookcase… I’m just gonna tell you -- you guys are in this room, this big room -- let’s talk about Rivalo’s room first since we’re already here. There is a huge bookshelf in that corner, there are some like -- a couple of loose swords, none that are very -- like, none that are -- have a lot of worth -- kind of practice tools or things that he might have held for sentimental reasons. There’s a flute in the corner, resting against the wall near his bed, and there’s -- on the bookcase a bunch of different types of books, some of them are in that script that was in the dwarf’s house that you can’t really read, that you can catch a word or two of, but some of them are from stuff that you can make out most of - among them are -- there’s a book series called “The History of Reunification,” seems to be like a historical thing -- there’s a thing... Are you like, flipping through these books? 

Nick: Yeah, I’m looking to see if there’s any like replace the books I lost.

Austin: Sure, plenty, yeah there’s a lot of books here. You can easily grab another -- uh, but -- yeah, you can easily grab a bunch of other books. Yeah, sure. That kind of replenish that set that you gave away, you mean? Just kind of like, to replace literally whatever that item is called?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I think yeah, if you pull from his sets of books you can definitely do that.
Nick: Okay, so Fantasmo’s just like pulling interesting books off. And setting them down on his invisible servant.

Austin: There’s a series -- okay. There’s a series of books that you see that you probably don’t take, because they’re not very helpful to you, but they’re called “The Trials of Coracle,” and flipping through it you can tell that it’s like an adventure book series, kind of like a Hardy Boys… Um, and… Just like reading through bits and pieces of it, you read that Coracle seems to be this city, um... it’d be like saying “The Adventures of Rome” -- sorry, “The Trials of Rome,” and each book focuses on a different boy adventurer off to save the day, save the city from some great menace. And he has like, the whole set of these books as far as you can tell. And he also has… Placed on the eye-level shelf are a bunch of texts -- these are probably the ones you’re pulling from the most -- that range in topics but are about history and religion, this isn’t stuff that’s especially rare, these are the books that were saved from before the Erasure, but these are all pre-Erasure books. One that is there that you’ve never heard of or seen before is one that says “The Canon of Samot”. Um… S-A-M-O-T or whatever the equivalent in whatever the common speak is. That’s basically the types of books he has. What are other people doing, as Nick is pilfering -- as The Great Fantasmo is pilfering these books?

ALI: Um, I will say that Hella is just sort of leaning her sword and then seeing if she could like, pull the metal of her shoe to close that hole, but she doesn’t care about the room or anything else that’s there.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, you can -- yeah, that’s -- okay. okay. That’s fair.

Jack: Can I take a look at the marks on the faces of Cali and Brutus and Rivalo?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you… You recognize the…

JACK: Don’t I -- Don’t you roll Discern Realities for that? I mean I don’t know what questions I’d ask, really.

AUSTIN: No, though it’s not really a Discern Realities, Discern Realities is really about seeing -- finding hidden stuff or being aware of dangers… Um, you could maybe Spout Lore.

JACK: Um… Yeah, alright, cool, yeah. Right, 2d6 + intelligence… Plus intelligence… Aha. 2.

AUSTIN: Uh…

JACK: That’s a fail, right?

AUSTIN: That’s a fail. That’s a fail. Um… While you’re touching it --

JACK: It?

AUSTIN: Oh, sorry, the mark on his head. You’re kind of just -- the mark on his head and the mark on Kali’s eye, when you’re investigating it, you can’t quite place what it is or what it like, uh… what it’s from, it looks vaguely familiar to you, I would say, you have enough stuff in your archives that were like, you kind of still -- sort of make it out, you can kind of -- you know? it’s like probably some sort of linguistic thing -- it probably means something, it’s probably means a word of some sort. Uh, and… as you touch it, you get a strange feeling through your knowledge of pattern magic that lets you know that this mark exists throughout this tower, not just here. 

JACK: Okay. Hm.

AUSTIN: Andandand -- that mark is now aware of your presence.

Jack: Oh, balls. Alright, fine.

AUSTIN: It’s like making eye contact.

JACK: Yeah. Cool.

AUSTIN: Uh, who else.

ART: Um, I went back to -- to look at the crown --

AUSTIN: Hadrian went back to look at the crown.

ART: — I want to remind that I have senses that pierce all lies.

AUSTIN: No lies here.

ART: I’m really vexed here. I guess that’s what I’m doing, I’m being really -- I guess I should, take it?

JACK: Do you hear all this, Austin, I’m really vexed. 

AUSTIN: I’m really vexed.

KEITH: You should put it on. Put it on. Put the crown on.

ART: Do I have anything to like, carry it in, hold it? Like, if I took it would I have to like, would I have to wear it out?

KEITH: On your head. Put the crown on your head.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you could --

JACK: Yeah, you got hella pouches.

AUSTIN: You could -- yeah, you could fit it in your baggage. It’s one weight.

KEITH: Um, I realize that I was muted a minute or two ago, and I wanted to make sure that I did say that I was looking at the mask.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: We did that?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you looked at the mask.

KEITH: Okay, I wasn’t sure if I was muted during that and I just forgot if I didn’t do it? Okay.

JACK: No, you looked.

KEITH: I do — I do wanna check to see — cause you mentioned that Ar-guy, what’s his name? Armin? With the armor?

AUSTIN: Oh, the armor man, Rivalo. Yeah.

KEITH: Rivalo. I meant R for Rivalo. Uh, you said — you mentioned that he has a shortsword, I wanna tell if he has a nicer shortsword than I do?

AUSTIN: Nah, it’s a shortsword.

KEITH: It’s just a regular-ass shortsword? Okay, and then I — I wanna see if, uh, I wanna go check and see if Fantasmo will detect magic on the mask.

AUSTIN: Sure. Fantasmo, what do you do?

NICK: Yeah, I’ll, uh detect magic on it.

AUSTIN: So you’re just — detect magic, again, go ahead and make your roll, but it lets you open up one of your senses to see if things are magical. Roll it and then tell me what sense you’re using.

NICK: Um… Why do I have to roll for that, cause it’s a cantrip.

AUSTIN: No, you still roll on cantrips. You just don’t have to — cantrips don’t take up slots.

KEITH: Yeah, you just don’t have to memorize it.

NICK: Really? Oh.

AUSTIN: Mhm. As far as I know, maybe I’m — I mean if you can point me to...

KEITH: That’s how we did it last game.

AUSTIN: I’ll double check it, but cantrips… yeah yeah yeah.

NICK: Yeah, I guess I’m thinking of D&D rules, where cantrips are just like free whatever... 

AUSTIN: Mhm. No, I think — yeah, cantrips are just spells that you — yeah, you prepare all of your cantrips every time you prepare spells without having to select them or count them towards your allotment of spells, but they’re still spells you have to cast. There might be a thing that lets you cast them more easily or not have to roll or something as you level up, y’know? 

NICK: Well…

AUSTIN: Good. So what—

NICK: I’m using sight, I guess.

AUSTIN: Okay. In this room you can tell that the mask is definitely magical. The…
 
NICK: Okay.

KEITH: I—

AUSTIN: I’m trying to think of anything else here that is… The armor is, which I’ve discussed already. Um… In this room, that’s it. But I’ll leave that on, like you can have that for the—

KEITH: Okay, can I call Lem over — I call Lem over, and I’ll ask them both, like hey — “Does any of this seem familiar? You’re the guys that are — the guys that know stuff.”

JACK: I’ll roll Spout Lore on it.

AUSTIN: Sure. Go ahead. You guys both can do that if you like.

JACK: Actually…

NICK: Yeah, let me — I’m gonna roll Spout Lore specifically on that symbol.

AUSTIN: Okay. Sounds good.

NICK: Uh, and I’m gonna use… I’m gonna use...

JACK: Is the symbol on the mask?

AUSTIN: Oh no, the symbol’s not on the mask, the symbol is on… There’s no symbols on the mask, the symbol’s on his face.

KEITH: On his face.

AUSTIN: But that’s fine if he wants to do that.

NICK: Yeah, that’s what I wanna… That’s what I want to roll about. Uh… What is Spout Lore again? +INT?

AUSTIN: Intelligence. Yeah.

JACK: Nick, I super love your house.

NICK: Huh? Oh.

JACK: I super love your house, it’s really nice.

NICK: Thanks.

AUSTIN: Uh… yeah, so go ahead and Spout Lore.

NICK: Uh, I got an 8 on the lore for the symbol.

AUSTIN: Um… okay. You—

NICK: Oh, wait—

AUSTIN: Interesting but not useful is basically what I get to tell you… I get to tell you that something — on a 7 to 9 on Spout Lore, the GM tells you something interesting, it’s up to you to make it useful. If you had gotten above a 10 I could tell you something interesting and useful. You know that this sort of script is a sort of magic that — it’s sort of like, it allows an ongoing magical effect on the thing it’s inscribed into, when it’s inscribed correctly and infused with magical energies.

NICK: Alright. I share that with everybody.

JACK: Fero, is there anything in particular that you would be interested in knowing about this mask — what are you trying to gain from this mask, because I’ve got a lot of like… Like banked knowledge from the Archives, specifically regarding my Bardic Lore. But I was wondering if from your perspective there was anything in particular that you wanted to know or whether or not you’d like me to just Spout Lore on it.

KEITH: I want to know if this is a pre-Erasure artifact or if this is just a magic mask.

JACK: Alright, no problem, I can do that. Um… So I’m gonna activate Bardic Lore. I’m gonna close my eyes and in a very, very mundane sense like someone trying to remember revision, roll back through my filofax in my head of what I know about things that look like this.

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

JACK: And I’m gonna try and work out whether or not this looks like it’s pre-Erasure or post-Erasure. 

AUSTIN: So that’s the one question you’re asking about this mask. It’s pre-Erasure. It’s definitely pre-Erasure. Definitely pre.

KEITH: Okay. Um… I— 

AUSTIN: Do you also want to Spout Lore on it to see if you know more about it than that?

JACK: What the hell, alright, cool.

AUSTIN: I’m just asking. You don’t have to, obviously.

JACK: No, uh, I don’t see what the damage is here.

AUSTIN: Well—

JACK: So I’m gonna roll +2d6, plus intelligence… 5. Which is a fail.

AUSTIN: Woof. Wait, what’s your intelligence?

KEITH: Um...

JACK: Zero.

AUSTIN: Oh, it’s a zero. Okay.

JACK: Yeah, I spec’d towards charisma.

AUSTIN: Right. Right right right.

KEITH: Lem, I know that you’re into this sort of stuff—

AUSTIN: One second.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: So that’s the mask you’re looking at, right?

JACK: Mhm. What do I get on a fail for Spout Lore?

AUSTIN: Well I get to make — I get to make a move. In general, when someone fails, I get to make a move from my list of moves, which is what I’ve been doing this whole game. That’s kind of like how I do damage to you and do a bunch of other stuff. Uh...

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You… you can’t help it… Jack, even though you have a big ol’ orc face, you just — the thing that’s weird is, this mask doesn’t have any eyeholes, and you just wanna know like, how is it that you can see—

KEITH: Goddamnit. I was gonna put it on.

AUSTIN: And you put the mask on your face. And it just sort of locks to you. And without saying much, you begin to walk to the hallway.

ART: Wait, which hallway are we talking about?

AUSTIN: I’m sorry, the hallway to the right, to where the other two bedrooms are — these are bedrooms, these other two rooms — and then up towards the war room. He’s a few — let’s go to Hadrian at this point, while Jack is — is cut running, this shot is— Yeah, you failed. 

ART: I had forgotten about the Spout Lore move and wanted to use it on this thing, so do I have time to do that before he bursts in here?

AUSTIN: Yeah, we’re gonna do that. Uh, Jack to be clear, you were compelled to do this.

JACK: Yeah, no, so when I said what could go wrong, I was not expecting possessed by painted black metal masks…

KEITH: I want to make a note that in between you failing that roll and Austin telling you that you, possessed, put the mask on your face, I was about to ask your permission to destroy it and the armor.

AUSTIN: Good call. So in the other room that Lem is now walking towards, Hadrian, are you Spouting Lore on the… Is that what you’re doing?

ART: On the crown.

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure. Go ahead.

ART: 5. I hope they both don’t possess us and turn us into evil creatures.

JACK: Great, Hadrian we can be friends.

ART: Yeah, we can be friends on the other side.

AUSTIN: It’s almost a dance. Uh — Lem enters the room and kneels before you, and in an instant you’ve placed the crown on his head. Lem—

ART: On his head.

AUSTIN: On his head. 

ART: Great.

ALI: Oh no.

KEITH: If I have to kill Jack I’m gonna be so mad.

AUSTIN: His face is beautiful, Lem.

JACK: ...Whose face?

AUSTIN: The man you’re seeing. It is, uh, he’s uh… Boyish good looks, pale skin, bright blue eyes — and a crown that the one that you’re now wearing—

KEITH: Like a Doc Holiday.

AUSTIN: Like a Doc — no. Fluffy, kind of — not fluffy, but wavy and voluminous blond hair down to his shoulders and a crowd of people chanting: “Samot. Samot. Samot.” And he turns back to you — and you can see like over his shoulder, you can see there’s people — and he turns and makes eye contact with you — and whispers, “Is it time already?” Um… Take 1d4 damage.

KEITH: I knew this armor fucker wasn’t talking about the same king we were talking about. I said it. And Art said, “nooooo”.

ART: What, no, I definitely think he’s talking about the same king, it’s just a different — it’s clearly a derivation of the same name.

AUSTIN: Uh—

JACK: Sorry, Austin, what do you want me to do?

AUSTIN: Roll 1d4 to take that damage.

JACK: Okay. Wait, I’m taking damage?

ART: It’s three letters off...

AUSTIN: Yeah!

JACK: Oh. Well, fine alright… Um… 1d4...

ART: What does this look like to me?

AUSTIN: You— 

KEITH: Oh wait, Art, is your god the king, is that who it is?

ART: Yeah.

KEITH: Oh, I thought like— this was just like that fucking dude in charge of the city.

JACK: 1.

AUSTIN: You take that 1 damage. 

ART: Nah.

JACK: I take one damage?

KEITH: Oh, okay. So no, I— 

AUSTIN: You take 1 damage, uh…

JACK: How do I take 1 damage?

AUSTIN: Uh, a searing flame -- in fact, take 1 damage, and also take — you see on your sheet?

JACK: Uh-huh.

AUSTIN: There’s a thing there where it says Charisma, there’s a little checkbox that says “scarred”. 

JACK: Oh, balls.

AUSTIN: The mask falls from your face, and kind of clanks around on the ground. The crown is still there, but you’re not under any sort of possession from it alone. And where the mask was, there’s like an outline — again, your face is bigger than the mask — but there’s an outline, a sharp-angled outline burned into your face. 

JACK: Like wearing swimming goggles too long.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but it’s your whole, it’s like — uh, you know in Face-Off, where they take people’s faces off, and there’s kind of like a line, around like the hairline and like the chin line… It’s like a scar there, kind of framing the center of your face.

JACK: Ah, geez. And I’m — and so I’m scarred now.

AUSTIN: You’re scarred now. Minus 1 to charisma for the time being.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: You can recover that, that’s not a thing that you can’t recover over time, it’s a debility.

JACK: Am I able to… Am I able to make moves now?

AUSTIN: Yeah, what did you roll?

ART: Wait, what did this look like to me?

AUSTIN: Uh… that’s good. Uh, when you placed the crown on his head, you saw the same figure he did, looking up at you, and then standing.

ART: Okay.

JACK: Um, I would like…

ART: So he is standing up.

AUSTIN: Now he is standing back up, yeah.

JACK: I would like to share with everybody what just happened to me, um…

KEITH: And then I immediately go turn into a bear and try to destroy the armor as a bear.

ALI: Wh — Yeah?

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Are you sure?

AUSTIN: Um, you can—

ALI: animal for that?

JACK: I’m going to stop you from doing that. Keith, I’m going to stop you from doing that.

KEITH: What are you gonna do, what’s up.

ART: What if you-

AUSTIN: Fero, Fero, you don’t think you can destroy this armor — you can destroy the armor, probably, but you don’t know — you can try it. You can try it. Like I’ll let you do that and people can try to stop you if you want, you can do aid/interfere, but I do want you to know like — this stuff isn’t gonna break cause he’s a bear.

ALI: Yeah, can I kind of like put my hand on bear Fero’s shoulder like, “What are you doing?”

JACK: I would also like to do that.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: “I want to destroy this dumb armor!”

AUSTIN: The armor, maybe, y’know, but you also remember the last time you touched the armor it hurt you a bunch.

KEITH: Yeah, but that was — that was when it was in a living dude.

JACK: Austin, what happens if I touch the armor?

AUSTIN: Are you touching the armor?

JACK: What happens if I do?

ART: You’re — we’re in a different room from the armor.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you’re in a different room—

JACK: Oh, no no no, cause last time I touched the mask. The mask. 

AUSTIN: Nothing, the mask doesn’t do anything at this point.

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: Last time I touched the armor you said that it was warm to the touch.

AUSTIN: I said that was the mask. The mask was warm to the touch.

KEITH: Oh, okay. Right.

JACK: Can I put the mask in my inventory, please?

AUSTIN: Sure, it’s one load.

JACK: How much… Is that gonna — one, one weight. 

AUSTIN: It and the crown together are one weight. Is what I’ll say.

JACK: Okay.

ART: Oh, I was gonna take the crown.

JACK: Do you want to take the crown?

AUSTIN: Yeah then whatever, no weight. Split it up.

JACK: So zero — zero weight? 

AUSTIN: Zero weight. Yeah, that’s fine.

JACK: Alright, fine. I won’t…

KEITH: Are we doing half weights?

AUSTIN: No, I don’t… I’m not gonna do… I’ll remember.

ART: I guess I’m trying to gather people up towards the stairs.

AUSTIN: Okay, you guys aren’t checking out these other rooms on this floor?

JACK: Uh… Hang on, wait a second— 

ART: Yeah, I guess…

JACK: Uh, “painted mask”... Um…

AUSTIN: It’s not really painted…

JACK: Okay, before I—

AUSTIN: It’s engraved, just so you know.

JACK: Okay. I’ll cross out painted. Uh, so um… Can I just take a quick reckie at the flute, please, before we move?

AUSTIN: It’s a nice flute.

JACK: Can I just, like, play some notes on it, see if it sounds like — is it worth me trading for my violin?

AUSTIN: No. I mean, you have a — you described that violin to me as being like a Stradivarius, do you know what I mean, like... 

JACK: Thank you for your assistance, Austin. I will keep my—

AUSTIN: This is a flute that a person plays because they like playing the flute.

JACK: Why didn’t— alright, yeah, cool, I’ll keep my — I’ll keep my...

KEITH: So you’re saying this isn’t a double Stradivarius flute.

AUSTIN: No.

JACK: I’ll keep my violin. Alright. I’m good.

AUSTIN: So not touching these other rooms. Or checking out this whole side of the-

KEITH: I want to go to the other rooms.

ALI: Oh, the other two… bedrooms?

AUSTIN: So there’s 2 more bedrooms, so to paint a picture for the listeners…

KEITH: Note there’s-

AUSTIN: There’s an entryway kind of center south, and from that to the west and the east are big hallways that wrap around a big central area. To the north of that entryway is a big, lush bedroom. To the right of that, to the east of that, is a hallway that connects to two other bedrooms and to the war room, which is where Hadrian and Lem are. I will post this somewhere on the Internet for us.

AUSTIN: So yeah. Where you haven’t been are either of those other two bedrooms or this eastern stockroom hallway.

NICK: I wanna go look at the weird mold man with the clown shoes.

AUSTIN: Nope, I lost you for a second, Nick.

JACK: Sorry?

AUSTIN: What, man? Oh, that’s not a real—

KEITH: He’s talking about the picture that I drew.

AUSTIN: That’s just a fake picture. But you’re over there! Are you going to go into that hallway?

NICK: Sure. Yeah, I’ll go over there.

AUSTIN: Okay. In that hallway are rows and rows and rows of armor and swords and spears, none of it is of a quality higher than what you guys have, really, but there is something interesting on those — on the armor is not a sun, the way Rivalo’s armor was, but what there is, is a kind of — a series of symbols sort of in the same quality of the room, in that it’s kind of simplistic, in a circle around it. Uh, and… Let me make sure I get these right here… Okay, yeah. So, it’s — the sun symbol, like what he had, on his thing, a ship, a tree, a shield, and then a fourth one — or a fifth one, rather — that’s sort of like… it looks almost like an open book, so it’s like a rectangular, but open, this way, thing — with a cup in front of it. 

JACK: Hm.

AUSTIN: You would recognize the ship symbol as being sort of similar to stuff you’ve seen in the Berg.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And the sun is the thing that he had on his armor. But that’s it, just like rows and rows of this type of armor.

NICK: There’s nothing, that’s uh...

AUSTIN: Nothing magical in this side hallway, no. Um… Anyone going into the bedrooms?

KEITH: Is it like a — is this armor set up like a barracks thing, where people—

AUSTIN: Yeah, yes. They would go in there to equip up.

KEITH: Okay, okay. Yeah I wanna go in the bedroom.

AUSTIN: Okay, which one, the north one or the south one?

KEITH: I’m gonna start with the smaller one, the south one.

ALI: Um…

AUSTIN: Hella?

ALI: Well, I was just going to say that I kind of imagined her as sort of peering into the lower one to check that there’s no one else on the floor.

AUSTIN: There’s no one else here — you were able to wander around this room at this point, uh… The southern one has — there’s like kind of a table at this north wall here, and on that are just like a bunch of knives laid out to be sharpened and admired, they have various like interesting handles on them, they’re of varying quality but they’re of like someone who collects these sorts of things. And then in the corner, where I’m marking on the map here, in the kind of corner next to that thing of knives, is a couple of like little drums that you would put on your lap to play, kind of like, I guess, congos? Bongos? Congos?

KEITH: Bongos, or congo...

ART: No, a congo drum is a much bigger drum.

AUSTIN: Is it? Okay. Yeah, these are bongos, these are like bongos. Also a couple of sketchbooks that are actually just on the bed, and most of them are, like… they’re sort of thing like a teenager draws, they’re kind of like monsters and swords, like a teen who listens to a lot of metal. You know? But every now and then there’s like— 

KEITH: One of those weird S’s.

AUSTIN: Right, one of those — DEFINITELY one of those weird S’s. Definitely. Like… yeah. But, there’s also once in a while kind of a very naturalistic sketch of the other people, of… And actually that’s one way you’re able to find Rivalo’s name, there’s a picture of Rivalo with the mask on that says “Rivalo” on it, and you can even see Cali’s full name is — you can see it, except I forget where I wrote down her full name… Oh, it’s down here, cause it’s on her sheet here. Calithane. C-A-L-I-T-H-A-N-E. Really like above-class drawings of them.

KEITH: Okay. Um… there’s nothing under the bed?

AUSTIN: Some dust? You know...

KEITH: Some dust? Can I take — can I see if — are there any throwing knives, from that collection of knives?

AUSTIN: Yes, you can have some throwing knives.

KEITH: I’m gonna get those the throwing knives, also— 

AUSTIN: Take the throwing knives.

KEITH: I’m gonna take the throwing knives, plus the nicest collection knife that’s there.

AUSTIN: Okay, they’re all basically throwing knives, just that some of the collection knives have cool handles. Y’know? So like, what’s the— 

KEITH: I’ll take the ones that I think are coolest.

AUSTIN: What’s the coolest one look like?

KEITH: Okay, so the coolest one has sort of—

NICK: A fucking eagle on it.

KEITH: No, it’s got, it’s a very simple looking blade and then it’s got sort of like a pearl inlay going down the spine, and then it’s got a bird’s eye maple handle, like a laminated… yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, sure, great. We’re the knife show now.

NICK: And it’s also got a fucking eagle on it.

KEITH: It’s got a fucking eagle on it, and it’s got one of those S’s!

AUSTIN: Great. Hella, what’s up.

ALI: I also want to take a knife.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you take a knife.

ALI: But I just take sort of a basic one, and I feel the weight in my hand before pocketing it. That’s more of a priority for me.

AUSTIN: It’s a good one. In fact, you can have one that has a cool like belt sheath on it, if you want, and just take like one good one and like take that with you, yeah.

ALI: Yeah, and I just have that.

AUSTIN: Okay, and go ahead and write that down.

KEITH: Okay, and because I took like, several, am I getting one weight, probably like… 3 ammo?

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah, let’s say one weight for each of you. Yeah, throwing knives are weird, they’re not ammo based, you have three throwing knives. Those are not like arrows where you get just like abstract three ammo, you get three throwing knives, and yeah Hella take that one and take mark of it, it’s a nice knife — maybe that one’s more than a throwing knife, that’s like the sort of thing you could really use in close combat if you had to.

ALI: Okay. Yeah.

KEITH: Okay — wait, the sort of thing I asked about at the beginning?

AUSTIN: Yeah, but… listen. It’s more interesting for me if we split it up that way.

KEITH: No, that’s fine, I’m not… Yeah.

ALI: How does weight factor into being encumbered and stuff, how do you figure out…?

AUSTIN: So, if you take a look at your...

ART: It’s on your character sheet. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, if you take a look on your character sheet and also at like the special moves thing, um, your weight is… What page is that on, is that on the front page?

ART: No, it’s on the second page to the gear, your load is that something?

AUSTIN: Your load is, so for Ali as a fighter…

ALI: Oh, I don’t even have to worry ever.

AUSTIN: Why, cause you have so much load?

ALI: Cause it’s 12 plus 2. So 14. So I’ll be fine forever.

JACK: I have… 22.

KEITH: What?

AUSTIN: Do you? No you don’t.

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: There’s no way you do. 

JACK: My load is 9 plus strength?

ART: No, it’s +STR.

AUSTIN: It’s not plus strength, it’s +STR.

ALI: Oh, it’s +STR, plus your bonus.

AUSTIN: Plus your bonus.

JACK: Okay, now that makes sense.

AUSTIN: Okay, so going forward, so there are a few times, like with health, if it says the whole word — if it says “strength”, then it’s your whole strength.

JACK: I was confused as to why…

AUSTIN: If it’s just the abbreviation it’s just the bonus.

KEITH: Okay.

JACK: Mhm. Cool.

KEITH: So I think mine is 7, I think. Yeah.

AUSTIN: That sounds right.

JACK: That makes sense.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, what are you up to at this point?

NICK: Um, my load is… well, my S-T-R is -1, so I have 7 plus strength which means I have a 6 max load, and I have 5 load right now.

AUSTIN: Okay. What are you up to, what are you doing?

NICK: Oh, oh. Sorry.

AUSTIN: Sorry, I should’ve been clear. That’s on me.

NICK: No no no. Um…

ART: Hella, you might be — I don’t know what you picked for your starting gear, you might be closer to your maximum load than you think.

AUSTIN: You should check.

ALI: Um, my...

NICK: Oh I double and triple checked.

AUSTIN: No no no, Hella, Hella...

ART: No, not you...

ART: Cause she was saying she could never get there and she might be close.

ALI: No, my sword is, um, minus 1 weight, so that doesn’t come into account, and then I just 
have… armor is 1, gear is 1. 

NICK: Minus 1? 

ALI: Yeah.

NICK: Carrying the sword lets you carry something else?

ART: No, it’s minus 1 from 2.

AUSTIN: From 2, it drops down to 1.

ALI: Oh okay, so one, two, three, four… five…

AUSTIN: Plus the stuff… Okay.

ALI: Plus that knife…

AUSTIN: Is 1.

ALI: And then the…

KEITH: So you’re still less than half.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: I’m just opening up… yeah.

KEITH: Ugh, I’m one below my encumbrance level. Oh I might be at it, I might be like, I can’t get anything else without dropping something.

AUSTIN: Okay. So. Uh… what are you doing, Fantasmo?

NICK: Are there any other exits out of this armory that I’m in?

AUSTIN: Uh, no, in fact, in the armory, there is one thing, though, which is when you pass up past that other bedroom to the north side of that hallway, so one there is into that interior hallway, you can go from the armory into that interior hallway where the bedrooms are. But two if you go past that doorway into, or like next to the other bedroom, you can see that there’s a big crack in the wall there where you can kind of look into that bedroom from the armory room. Into the armor like stockpile room. And I mean you can just see inside the room, there’s nothing, there’s no like, “oh there’s a monster in there”, I’m not trying to trick you or like, but like there’s a crack there, and that’s weird.

NICK: Does the crack look like just regular wear and tear, or does it look like someone made it?

AUSTIN: No, it doesn’t look human-made, it doesn’t look man-made, but it looks like more than just oh this is just like an old tower, do you know what I mean?

NICK: Sure. 

AUSTIN: Um…

NICK: Uh, is there another…

AUSTIN: That’s it.

NICK: Is there like a crack on the other wall inside the bedroom?

AUSTIN: No, there is not. Um…

JACK: Hadrian, what’s your feeling on like the war room? Are you particularly interested in it?

ART: I believe Hadrian is profoundly uncomfortable and he’s just standing around the stairs waiting to go, like he’s not happy here anymore, and he doesn’t wanna be here…

JACK: As a result of the interaction with the crown?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s fair.

ART: That was, that was…

JACK: Where is the crown, am I still wearing it?

AUSTIN: He has it. He has the crown in his pocket.

ART: I have it. And I’m taking it out of here, but I don’t want to be here no more.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Okay. Could I, um, do Discern Realities in the war room, please?

AUSTIN: You don’t even need to roll it, there’s nothing… I mean, yeah, you can do Discern Realities and ask me the questions if you’d like.

JACK: Oh, but you’ve just said there’s nothing here, so—

AUSTIN: No, but go ahead and ask the questions, because the questions aren’t just — I had just remembered how Discern Realities works, which is you get to ask me these questions from the list, which means — like I was just going to say that there’s nothing of special value here or something, but no you get to roll this and ask what these questions are if you want, absolutely.

JACK: Alright. Okay, cool, I’ll roll that.

AUSTIN: Which is wisdom.

JACK: Yeah. 9.

AUSTIN: Okay. So on a 9 you get to ask one question from the list.

JACK: Um… Hm. Can I consult, can I phone a friend?

AUSTIN: Yeah, everyone can look at that list and… sure. I mean, I’d rather you, actually… hm. I’d rather you decide, Jack.

JACK: Okay, well… So thinking about it, um, I think “what here is not what it appears to be” is kind of an obsolete question in that we’ve had some pretty weird interaction with the crown and that sort of stuff…

AUSTIN: That’s fair.

JACK: Um… I think just, just so we can get a sense of kind of what — how exactly this room works, I’m gonna ask “what happened here recently”?

AUSTIN: So in the corner there’s that table where, you can see people have been playing cards… On the war room table, though, if you take a good close look at it, you can see that some of the — so again, to describe that, there’s the war room table that’s a map of the continent, or a continent that looks like yours in your little region, but it’s a little bit different. But you can see that some of the pieces have been moved recently. Just like, some of the kind of city, diorama stuff — again, there’s a magical element to this, you can tell there’s something powerful happening here, there’s a murmur to these little tiny cities — but you can tell that there are a couple of things spread around the continent that were recently placed there. And those, on close inspection, are kind of… kind of crystalline forms — like kind of like a diamond— 

JACK: A plumb-bob.

AUSTIN: Like a plumb-bob, from the Sims, in different colors. And what you realize is that there’s one where you are currently, on this island. And there are other ones across the map, and some of them are laying down, and two of them are placed upwards, besides this one.

JACK: Um, I.

AUSTIN: You do.

JACK: I have a map of the northwest quadrant, is there any way I could mark the locations of one of these up points here?

AUSTIN: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, absolutely, you can mark two of the locations of the up ones.

JACK: Oh, great. Cool.

AUSTIN: I’m gonna, ah… If people remember that map, here, I’m gonna…

JACK: I will also write down “plumb-bobs marked on map”. Two plumb-bobs marked on map.

AUSTIN: Yes. I’m gonna, so I can actually tell you correctly what’s happening here. Here we go, here’s the map… So… There is… I’m gonna put this image in the chat so that we have it here too, I’m just gonna paste it for everybody… Uh… Bop. Go ahead and accept that.

JACK: Um… I think that’s…

AUSTIN: Let’s see how quickly this is going to go. Is this going to be upload this somewhere… It might just be easier to upload this. Ah, no, that’s pretty quick.

JACK: No, it’s gone. It’s gone.

ART: It’s going.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

KEITH: Mine’s at 4 out of 24 or 5, I don’t know why it’s going so slow.

AUSTIN: Okay so there’s one, Jack…

JACK: I got it. 

AUSTIN: Right where it’s the X is, where it says Mark of the Erasure? 

JACK: Hold on, it’s just loading.

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

JACK: I’m just opening up in Preview, thingy. Damn this is a cool map. 

AUSTIN: Oh, have you not — you’ve seen this map, right? 

JACK: Yeah, no, I’m just remembering how cool it looks.

AUSTIN: Okay. There’s one where it says Mark of Erasure on that X. And then do you see the little inlet south of the halfling farms?

JACK: Uh-huh.

AUSTIN: At the kind of tip of that inlet, the most eastern point of that inlet, there’s another one there. The one in the Mark of the Erasure is green, it’s a green plumb-bob, green like crystal thing, and the one at the tip of that inlet is a brown one, it’s kind of like a brownish, kind of cloudy crystal.

JACK: And just so we know, where are we abouts on this map right now?

AUSTIN: Uh, in between the Berg, which is the red X at the top northwest, and the long island.

JACK: So we’re on an island somewhere—

AUSTIN: In between, and that’s where there’s a blue crystal, and that’s where you’re at now.

ART: Wait, is plumb-bob a real term, am I supposed to know what that is?

AUSTIN: It’s the symbol from the Sims, yeah, it’s the symbol from the Sims. If you do a search for plumb-bob you’ll know — it’s like that green thing that’s above—

ART: It’s that green arrow thing?

AUSTIN: Yes, it’s the green — it’s a green crystal.

KEITH: It’s the green plumb-bob.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s the green plumb-bob.

ART: That’s self-refe— you can’t, that’s not how you define something. 

AUSTIN: What don’t you...

KEITH: Who’s that? 

AUSTIN: Yeah?

KEITH: Who’s that juicy guy? That’s plum-bob.

AUSTIN: Heugh.

JACK: Cool, right. So I think I’m probably done here.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s fair.

JACK: From my perspective. So if anybody else has...

AUSTIN: Uh, you can see that there are other crystals that are color-less, elsewhere on this map — um, on the big continent map — there’s one in the far northeast corner, right, uh — one second, let me make sure I have this list right. One, two, three, four… One in the… kind of, at the equator of this, at the middle line on the eastern side, like, dead, dead… I don’t know if you want to update your side of this map or not or like take notes or whatever— and then one on the little island that’s floating to the south — except on their continental map, that island is not an island, it’s just a landmass that’s connected to the rest of the world.

JACK: Cool. Okay.

ART: Okay…

JACK: I accidentally started a slideshow and I have no idea how to get out of it.

AUSTIN: Oh no. Those crystals are all down and colorless. 

JACK: Alright. Okay. Hm.

NICK: Is there anything else magical that’s sticking out to me?

AUSTIN: That table is definitely magical. Um...

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Nothing else—

KEITH: Oh, the table?

JACK: Should we take the table with us?

AUSTIN: No, this table is of intense weight.

ALI: Does anyone wanna check-

JACK: Can we all carry it together?

KEITH: What is it made out of?

AUSTIN: You don’t know. Uh, Hella, what?

KEITH: Oh, okay.

ALI: Well, does anyone wanna try moving those crystals?

JACK: You mean the plumb-bobs?

KEITH: Uh, Ali, your mic got all weird.

AUSTIN: Your mic is really quiet, Ali.

ALI: Um, does anyone want to try moving those plumb-bobs, or… 

AUSTIN: You can move them. Nothing…

JACK: That seems like something that Fero would do.

ALI: Yeah, Hella definitely wouldn’t, but…

KEITH: I would like to move those plumb-bobs.

AUSTIN: You move them to other places, and they just kind of fall colorless when they’re not in their right places.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: But when you put it back, it kind of magnetizes to its place and recolors.

KEITH: We probably shouldn’t leave those on the spots. These people were bad.

AUSTIN: The table isn’t evil. Is a thing I’ll tell Art, cause he was checking for that shit before. That table wasn’t evil.

ART: Sure.

JACK: Can you scan the plumb-bobs?

ART: I’m not in the room.

AUSTIN: No, he’s not in the room, and nothing— 

ART: I don’t want anything to do with this.

AUSTIN: Nothing in that table was… yeah.

KEITH: I, yeah, I don’t… I think that we should probably— hey, I’m going to move the plumb-bobs away from their spots again. Um… Maybe I… Should we keep one of them? Keep all of them? Eh, let’s take these plumb-bobs.

AUSTIN: Okay, great, you take them.

KEITH: I pocket these plumb-bobs.

ALI: Is that any weight?

AUSTIN: No.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: They’re weird little gem crystals.

KEITH: Yeah they’re like chess pieces, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Like that’s… Yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s about the weight they are. They’re maybe a little heavier than that but like… from density—

KEITH: So like a nice glass chess set.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah. Um… There’s a whole nother floor.

AUSTIN: There’s more— Yeah there is, you know that.

KEITH: Let’s do this floor.

AUSTIN: Alright.

ART: What are — what are— 

AUSTIN: Let’s move.

ART: Are we doing this whole floor?

AUSTIN: It’s not that long. Well… it’s up to you.

ART: Like… okay.

AUSTIN: We’ll get through it. 

ART: Okay.

ALI: Okay.

ART: We’re late, that’s…

AUSTIN: We can be done.

NICK: We’re pushing 3 hours…

AUSTIN: Okay. This is why I wanted to start at-

ART: We’re an hour — we’re an hour over…

AUSTIN: Okay. That means… okay. that’s fine.

ALI: I guess… unless there’s something bad upstairs.

AUSTIN: Right. No— 

ART: Well, let’s go upstairs and— let’s go upstairs and look. And then we can decide…

JACK: Peek around the corner.

KEITH: I turn into a hummingbird.

AUSTIN: Um…

ALI: Just being hurt affect your turning into things at all?

AUSTIN: Nah.

KEITH: No. Oh, I would like to ask Jack if he can heal me. 

JACK: Um… I could give it a shot, I haven’t been very lucky before.

AUSTIN: You could give it a shot. 

JACK: Alright, everybody…

ART: I could— I could heal you in a guaranteed way…

JACK: Yeah, do it.

ART: But it’s… well, it’s riskier in different ways.

KEITH: I have 4 out of 19 health, so you could both give it a shot.

JACK: Uh…

ART: Well, if I fuck up healing you, you still get healed and I take your damage.

JACK: Oh, no, I wouldn’t want to do that to you, I’ll give it a shot, like the worst that happens here is that he doesn’t get healed as much, um...

AUSTIN: That’s not the worst that happens there. The worst that happens when you fail a roll is I get to make a hard move.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

JACK: Well, in that case, um, I think I could…

AUSTIN: And your magic gets to go into other places, remember.

JACK: I think I could conceivably cope with being possessed by a spirit mask again, so…

AUSTIN: Yeah, okay.

JACK: Okay, everybody listen up. I prop myself against the table… and play this pretty upbeat tune. Um, I’m gonna roll… plus Charisma, which I’m scarred, so that’s great. So 2d6…

ART: I mean, to get on — I’ll do it.

JACK: I should be fine. I should be fine. Um… 2d6+1 which is… 12! Take that!

AUSTIN: Look at that!

KEITH: Nice!

AUSTIN: Alright, so that’s 1d8 heal to Keith.

JACK: 1d8. Alright.

ALI: Well it’s a song, so does he have to direct it to him?

AUSTIN: Yes.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: You choose an ally.

JACK: Keith has been healed 6.

AUSTIN: Look at that.

KEITH: Great! I’m at half health now.

AUSTIN: We can move through this next floor very quickly. If you’re willing to do that. Like, ten, fifteen minutes.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: If that.

KEITH: I’m willing to do that, yeah.

JACK: I’d be up for that.

AUSTIN: Okay, so… You guys go up to the next floor, and… yeah—

KEITH: I get a 13 for hummingbird.

AUSTIN: Great. You get… three hold or whatever.

KEITH: Three hold.

AUSTIN: So as you go up the next floor, you can see almost like where a vault door would have been, and it’s missing, there’s hinges off— there’s hinges where the door would’ve been. And the rest of the room is— what time is it, what time do you guys think it is at this point?

KEITH: Well It was like early afternoon when Hadrian was doing his service, so I thinking that it is now late afternoon, pushing evening.

AUSTIN: Pushing evening. Let’s say it’s sunset.

KEITH: Yeah let’s say it’s four-thirty, five?

ART: Yeah, we had like a bad time exchange last time.

AUSTIN: Yeah, we did.

ART: Like we said it was a time and thinking back over it later, that didn’t work out.

AUSTIN: It wasn’t. Okay, yeah, so let’s say it’s sunset now, is that fair?

ART: Yeah, it’s alright.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, so the sun is setting and you know that because there’s no roof on this floor. There used to be a roof. There used to be a lot of things. I mean, there’s a roof on this floor, but it’s actually on the floor, you can see cracks running up and down the walls of this octogonal room — the tower takes on another octogonal shape — and there are stairs leading up the sides of the walls, and at a certain height the walls kind of fall away and there’s no ceiling. At the very top of the stairs there is a little platform that blocks some of the sun and seems to be, kind of, the one remaining room there. There’s also spread — so, spread among the bottom of the floor is a bunch of gold and gems — this was a place where important things were kept. They seem like — this is where they were. There’s a lot of stuff here, it would take you a lot to carry it back, but there are like some chests that you could totally grab, if you wanted to slog down the whole tower again with it, bringing it with you. So then there’s the stairway up. Uh… What are you, what are you doing?

JACK: Um...

KEITH: Um… I want to look in the chest.

AUSTIN: Yeah, there’s gold and gems and… this is—

KEITH: Okay, there’s nothing— there’s nothing but gold and gems?

AUSTIN: Um, yeah that’s all there is.

KEITH: Nothing but gold and gems?

AUSTIN: There’s only gold and gems?

KEITH: There’s only gold and gems?

AUSTIN: It’s gold. It’s gold, but here’s the thing — wait, one second, here’s a thing — what are you, what do you use now for money? I don’t think it’s gold, you probably used to use gold as a society, but what’s money look like in the Berg?

JACK: Caps.

NICK: Fish bones.

KEITH: Um… 

AUSTIN: Sure. Y’know, it’s like… What about— hold on— 

ART: Ugh… that’s not…

ALI: Maybe it’s just like a cheaper metal.

ART: That’s gross.

AUSTIN: Fish bones?

KEITH: Fish bones are very brittle.

NICK: -is more expensive.

KEITH: Super brittle.

JACK: What about maybe like some sort of small scale scrimshaw, like, tiny… tiny whalebone circles.

AUSTIN: That’s like what they historically, were totally fishbone currencies… and like bony, yeah…

JACK: Yeah, I guess when I think about fishbones like here’s a tiny ribcage or something, or like a, a little bony circle, almost like a poker chip. 

NICK: Yeah. Yeah.

JACK: With something carved into it. 

NICK: When I said fish bones, I was thinking of those things that are, I guess they’re whale bones, from Dishonored, that you pick up, like those little whale bone charms?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Yeah, almost like those little runes, yeah.

KEITH: Okay, I was thinking of when you are eating whitefish and you’re like, oup! There’s a fish bone in here!

NICK: No— 

AUSTIN: No, I mean it’s fine, I just wanted to be clear, so like this stuff is like whoa this is gold. Like… you’ve been buying lunch.

NICK: Yeah.

KEITH: Well then yeah, then we super wanna take this.

JACK: So when I, when I, three gold is part of my gear— 

AUSTIN: On the one hand, that’s great—

JACK: Am I talking about the scrimshaws, or am I talking about coins.

AUSTIN: You’re talking about — you in fact didn’t pick three gold, when you picked—

JACK: It says coins.

AUSTIN: Right. So you get—

JACK: Right, so I guess it’s the scrimshaws, yeah.

AUSTIN: So yeah—

JACK: Can I, uh…

AUSTIN: What are you doing?

JACK: Can I Discern Realities, please?

AUSTIN: Sure. Uh, how are you doing it, what are you doing in the room?

JACK: I’m just, I’m looking at stuff, I’m um just going…

AUSTIN: I mean, that’s not, everybody’s looking at stuff. How are you… Discerning Realities means like taking up an effort to look around for something, you know what I mean?

JACK: Okay, so I’m uh, I guess I’m just like sifting through things, I’m opening chests, I’m passing gold and stuff through my hands…

AUSTIN: Okay. Go ahead. 

JACK: So I’m gonna roll… 2d6 plus wisdom, which is… 10.

AUSTIN: Okay. You can ask three questions off this list.

JACK: Do I have to ask three questions?

AUSTIN: You get to ask three questions.

JACK: Alright, okay, what here is useful or valuable to me, please?

AUSTIN: All this money. All this money is pretty valuable.

JACK: Okay. Alright. How much, uh, what’s the weight on this money like? That’s not one of the questions, but…

AUSTIN: Uh, no, but it’s not… I’d say a chest is probably four, five weight, right? That’s a big thing… Maybe more. There’s more here than you could ever carry. We’ll have to think about what… like tell me how much you wanna bring and we’ll determine a weight, y’know?

JACK: Can I take… okay, so we’re brokering something here, could I take half a chest? How much is half a chest?

AUSTIN: Uh, it’s easier to — I mean, where are you going to put half a chest of stuff?

JACK: In my multiple pockets.

AUSTIN: That would be… Yeah. But it wouldn’t be half— you couldn’t fit half a chest in your pockets.

JACK: Okay, right. What about a quarter of a chest.

AUSTIN: You could put a tenth— it’s a big chest, it’s a big chest of gold. You could put like… You could put 30 coins in your…

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: Could we just teamwork carry a chest and divide it up later?

ART: This is an on the way out conversation, right, like…

AUSTIN: What’s that, someone — Art started yelling from a different…

NICK: - up on your head.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

ART: Forgot I did that. This is an on the way out conversation.

AUSTIN: This is an on the way out conversation. Let’s come back to this on the way out.

NICK: Okay, great.

JACK: Okay, right, cool. Okay, next question—

ART: Cause we’re not gonna drag this gold upstairs.

AUSTIN: Right. 

JACK: Yeah. Uh… Next question, um, what here is not what it appears to be?

AUSTIN: Slumped on the back wall is a door, the door from the front of the vault. But it has taken on arms and legs.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And you can see that it once had life breathed into it. There is however, there are... dents and like, bashes into it, and you can see that what was once alive has now been killed. 

JACK: Alright, um…

NICK: Are we talking like, are they like realistic like human arms and legs?

AUSTIN: They’re humanoid, they become humanoid. And they’re comprised not of the metal of the door but of — like, material in the walls, there’s some wood in there, there are some gold coins making up different bits of it that have been kind of— katamari’d together.

KEITH: There’s a door nail in there.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: I was imagining… Trogdor…. the door.

JACK: Oh, boy. Okay.

KEITH: A giant muscly arm coming out of his back?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Uh, so what’s — last one, Jack?

JACK: My last question is, what should I be on the lookout for?

AUSTIN: Something from above, probably, is what your instincts are saying, like… what’s up there, is probably what you’re at this point saying. 

JACK: Alright. I’m done. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Uh, I’m gonna do a… I’m gonna roll Detect Magic.

AUSTIN: Okay, go ahead. Nailed it. What sense?

NICK: I’m gonna go with… I’m gonna go with hearing this time.

AUSTIN: There’s a kind of shimmering… hmmm… like hmmm noise happening, in fact you hear it from a different place… You hear that sound twice. Once is from above, the second time is from Hella’s sword. And you’ve done this before and haven’t heard it like this before. But in this room, suddenly, you hear a low hum. 

NICK: Hm.

AUSTIN: It’s sort of a… it’s like… In both cases, it’s uh… they’re almost harmonizing.

NICK: Is, I mean…

ALI: Am I sensing anything?

AUSTIN: You’re sensing something, but you’re not, you don’t have the senses that Fantasmo does here. Like you can feel it… You’ve had this gut feeling before about it, but not… yeah, yeah, that’s all it is.

ALI: Okay, alright, yeah, cause we’ve established that I have like a connection to it.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that’s…

NICK: What is above us?

AUSTIN: There’s a stairwell going up the sides of the wall, to a platform that’s up there.

NICK: Oh, okay. I’m gonna go up the stairway.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

NICK: So I’m gonna follow my ears to the humming.

ART: I’m following him.

AUSTIN: Okay. Is everyone going up there?

JACK: I’m gonna go up there behind some other people with swords.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, so…

KEITH: I’m gonna, I’m gonna flap up front.

AUSTIN: Okay, great. On the top is a platform that has like supports out from under it, and… I mean you could look straight down. This is the equivalent to 2 or 3 of the other floors you’ve been through, this is very high up. So it’s a bit of a slog up there, but you get through it no problem. Up there are, uh, y’know, there’s a couple of tables and chairs that are lined out in front of a dias — dais? Dais.

ART: Dais.

KEITH: Dais.

ART: And on that dais there is a crack that has split it. And on the ground next to the dais, is a very weighty looking tome.

JACK: Fantasmoooo.

NICK: Fantasmo, as soon as he sees that, he almost involuntarily lets out a little “ooh”. And he immediately beelines over to the book.

AUSTIN: The tome has like brass hinges, is heavily bound in good leather. And on the front is the same rune that was on the forehead of Rivalo and on the eye of Calithane, and you didn’t really check out the body of Brutus but was also there.

NICK: Okay.

JACK: Hm.

AUSTIN: It’s open— you can open it if you’d like.

NICK: Uh… I don’t know if I want to. Is that really-

AUSTIN: I dunno. 

ALI: Can you kind of like...

KEITH: I mean, I’ll open it.

ART: Yeah, I need to know. Like, yeah that’s— that’s getting opened.

NICK: Alright.

ALI: Can you take like the tip of your staff and just kind of…

JACK: Yeah, like…

ALI: That way just don’t touch it with your hands.

ART: I mean just like back away and like…

AUSTIN: As you flip it open, it kind of like — it gets kind of pushed out of the sunlight and into the shadow next to the dais, and you kind of just feel like — a sigh of relief shake the entire tower a little bit there. Suddenly there is white noise that you don’t hear anymore. Y’know, like there was white noise that you’d come to internalize and like, block out and suddenly it’s way quieter than it was a moment ago. And it opens up and you can see it’s just row after row after row after row of these runes, and some language thrown in, and... Fantasmo—

KEITH: Are they the same runes repeating, or is it…

AUSTIN: So no, the thing is… 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Uh… hm. Fantasmo, are you… It depends on how close you get to this book, I guess, what are you, are you trying to read this book, are you trying to…?

NICK: Is it… so wait, did it, did it move? Of its own accord?

AUSTIN: No, you moved it. No, no when you opened it up with your staff you pushed it a little bit and now can see that it’s filled with words and runes and stuff.

NICK: Okay. Yeah, no, I cautiously approach it.

AUSTIN: Okay, if you take a look at it, you can just read it and understand what’s — you know, 
you spend a couple minutes with it, you can see the same phrasing is repeated again and again, these are kind of, what’s the word I’m looking for, not hieroglyphic but… logo… There’s another word for it— 

JACK: Like pictographic?

AUSTIN: Pictographic, yeah, where these runes are all words that are communicating through, y’know, the symbols. That front rune is repeated over and over again in different scenarios, in different rows. And you recognize this from your history studying magic that this is sort of, like, a sort of automation, kind of like an automated magic system that would repeat itself. We would think of it as like a program, it’s like code. And it’s set to operate something — you’re not sure exactly how it’s supposed to operate, but that one phrase keeps returning and returning and returning. It’s… The phrase doesn't mean “give life” exactly, like it’s not necromancy, it’s not a resurrection spell, it’s not reconstructive magic, it’s sort of like “animate”, the word? But it’s not like you're animating something and can control it. It’s something where, it’s about bringing something to life, but, yeah, it isn’t exactly like a thing you know, but, um... You think with enough time, you could do that. 

KEITH: So you’re saying this is probably why this building got all Pagemaster.

AUSTIN: What’s Pagemaster— I don’t know Pagemaster.

KEITH: Pagemaster is the, it’s an animated movie starring Macaulay Culkin where he walks around a library with three anthropomorphic books that take him…

AUSTIN: Oh. I believe you.

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: I believe that that’s a real thing.

AUSTIN: Sure. 

NICK: The, uh, the spirit cooks… staff…

JACK: Yeah, that makes sense to me, and to an extent it might explain the waves, I don’t know.

AUSTIN: If you give… Hm.

ART: The waves thing makes less sense, though, right, like… what’s doing that.

AUSTIN: If you give it — give me a Spout Lore, Nick, if you’re giving this real consideration. 

NICK: Okay, yeah.

AUSTIN: There’s no like magic Spout Lore, right, like separate from your basic one?

NICK: No.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: The closest thing is probably Jack’s Bardic Lore.

AUSTIN: Yeah but that’s only for his topics and his topics don’t include magic like this.

KEITH: Right.

NICK: Excuse me.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: I successfully muted that from everyone, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you did, basically.

ALI: Mhm.

KEITH: Yeah.

NICK: Uh… no, I have like advanced moves later on that I could use… 

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, that’s what I figured, but you can go ahead and just give me a Spout Lore on it, if you’re giving it considered… And I gave you like the key bit of it. Okay.

NICK: Uh, seven. Wait— um, shoot, I’m gonna add, well…

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can go ahead and add, if you’d like — it’s only gonna be a plus one, right, if you add one of those books?

NICK: It’s only gonna be a plus one.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so save it. So, I’m gonna tell you something interesting if not useful. Uh… I’m gonna be a really nice GM here and give you something that’s maybe useful, just not useful immediately. What this book is doing… This book is supposed to make things serve their purpose. And it’s bringing things to life to do their kind of teleological built-in intended, like, end result is — it’s seeing design come to life. And you realize that means that for, yknow, for knives, it’s to chop things, for a kitchen, it’s to cook. For waves, it’s to crash against the shore. And you know this probably wasn’t supposed to be happening to the tower and to everything around it, you’re — I guess you can theorize that it’s probably because it’s not where it’s supposed to be, it’s kind of — if there was a bug, when it moved off of its place. Things like this, rituals like this are not meant to be shooken up. And... It’s not where it’s supposed to be. You also know that with enough study, you could replicate that spell — but you can’t do that right now. If you had gotten a real success here I would’ve let you copy this spell right away.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Just the basic spell. Not like the whole big, like, the ability to bring things to life like that.

NICK: Right, right.

AUSTIN: So think about that with regards with whether or not you want to 
keep this book, or put it back, or whatever.

NICK: I totally want to keep this book.

ART: Is the book evil?

AUSTIN: Hm. No. The... Hm. 

ART: Or, what here is evil, I guess is the question.

AUSTIN: Hella.

ART: Required to ask — well, yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh... I don’t think the book is evil.

ART: Still the crown and the mask?

AUSTIN: Yeah. I don’t think the book is evil.

ALI: Um… Can I…

NICK: Can we see— oh.

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead, what’s the question— 

ALI: Uh—

AUSTIN: Yeah, both of those questions, let’s do Hella first.

ALI: Well, I was just gonna ask, cause I don’t have the move to like consult my sword yet—

AUSTIN: No.

ALI: But like, am I hearing it at this point…?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Your sword is not super… Like… Your sword is reacting to this thing that’s so close to it.

NICK: Oh yeah.

ALI: Okay.

NICK: Did I…

AUSTIN: If that makes sense.

NICK: Did I notice that it got louder or anything?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. The hum is now — as it moved and stuff… You can see that the dais is also magical here. You can see that the dais is also magical. It was a lower baseline, like it was a bassy mmmm. Um… then you were gonna ask something else, is that what you were gonna ask? Uh… Nick? 

NICK: No, I was gonna ask if we could see, uh, the shoreline from where we were over on top of...

AUSTIN: Not from here… you can probably… No I don’t think this is within sight of the other things, you can see the ship out in the sea. Um, the waves have calmed.

NICK: Okay. Yeah. That’s all I was going to ask-

AUSTIN: Okay. 

NICK: Um… so do I know that the hum is coming from the book?

AUSTIN: You know that it’s the book and the dais, you know it’s both. And from reading the book, what you can kind of understand here is, the book was supposed to work a certain way when it was on the dais, and this stuff wasn’t happening. Then it was off the dais and it was wild, and it was happening fre— it was doing stuff it wasn’t supposed to be doing. Its magic was falling out of the circuit. Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Right. Yup.

AUSTIN: So… but you’re not, you’re also not sure why it was happening there, you know that the sunlight was hitting it and this was happening, and now it’s out of the sunlight, and it seems to have stopped.

NICK: Hm. Okay.

AUSTIN: So. What you want to do with that is up to you.

NICK: Um… What happens — does anything happen if I pick the book up?

AUSTIN: Not… not if you just pick it up, no.

NICK: Okay. Um...

AUSTIN: Um... 

NICK: What if I hold the book and walk over towards Hella.

AUSTIN: Uh, Hella…

NICK: Does it make the humming louder?

AUSTIN: The humming is louder. And Hella, you start to hear the sword. You hadn’t heard it before, again, you felt it in your gut. But as you approach it, it becomes more and more — it feels more and more like it’s — like a thrumming. Mmm, mmm. It’s kind of like a two-beat hum: Mmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And as he gets closer you can hear it start to take on the sound of words, and — it’s your name. “Hella. Hella. Hella. Hella.”

ALI: That’s so- Um… I guess… I think she initially...

JACK: Well, you gotta throw it into the sea.

ALI: Noooo.

AUSTIN: I don’t know, what are you guys doing with this book, I think this is — I think this is kind of where I— 

NICK: Do I... I don’t hear it talking, do I, I just hear it humming and reverberating?

AUSTIN: No, you just hear it humming.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Um…

ALI: I think—

KEITH: I—

ART: I don’t want it on the boat.

NICK: Well, no one else really knows what’s going on right now, do they?

ALI: Can I, well— so this is the first—

ART: I’ve seen that symbol.

ALI: Can I pull my sword out? I guess it wouldn’t...

AUSTIN: Sure, this is, it’s gonna keep— I mean, what are people gonna say when you pull out your sword? But like, so keep that in mind, you can totally pull it out, it’s going to keep making this noise. 

ALI: Okay. But only to me.

NICK: While she’s pulling it out— whoa.

KEITH: Oop! Sorry, hold on.

ALI: I think I guess—

KEITH: Sorry, there we go.

ALI: I initially sort of step back and sort of half-desheath it. 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: It gets even louder as you do that.

ALI: Okay.

NICK: While she’s doing that, Fantasmo says: 

FANTASMO: Hella, I believe you are keeping secrets from us.

ALI: That's rude-

AUSTIN: Hella is drawing her sword, y'all. People who aren't Hella and Fantasmo, what is happening?

KEITH: I--

AUSTIN: What are you doing?

KEITH: I-- I'm flying still and I'm flying a little higher.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: I'm uh... I'm a little concerned but I don't know how to interact with the book in the same way that --

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: -- the Great Fantasmo does, as reluctant as I am to admit it. Um... So I'm cautious about any sort of meaningful interaction with what, to me, is clearly a very powerful magical object that I don't fully understand. 

ART: I--

JACK: Um, I suppose that if I was back home, my reaction would just be like, "Fuck it, go for it, I'm gonna work out what this thing does," But I'm super not back home. Um.

ART: I am not happy with this book and us being up here, like, I don't want to act rashly, but that's where I'm at.

NICK: Are you vocalizing that?

KEITH: I feel like uh...

ART: Like, I'm-- Yeah, yeah.

ART: I don't-- I don't want-- I don't like this. I-- I don't-- This is a-- This is a place with profound evil and I don't-- I don't think we should be interacting with these objects.

KEITH: You've been checking for evil a whole bunch and the only evil that you've found, besides Hella, was those three dudes.

AUSTIN: No, and the mask and crown.

ART: No but this-- And these-- I mean.

KEITH: And, yeah, the crown.

ART: Well--

KEITH: And the book's not evil.

ART: This-- This is-- Like, that's an internalized process and like, I'll tell you-- I'll tell you what my logic is. Like, how like, we're talking about, what me the player is thinking. Is that this is the symbol those guys had. Those guys have had the most profoundly fucked up thing I've ever seen in the form of that crown and that mask. Like that is-- that is a-- a shaking moment for me. I am-- I am not doing well with this.

KEITH: So but-- So we know-- But we know, like...

ART: And I don't want something with those-- With the symbol, what-- So you know, because I can't think the problem is my religious artifact, I think the problem is whatever this symbol is and I don't want to be near something with that symbol.

KEITH: Oh yeah.

ART: The white noise stopped, you know. I— Wait, was the white nose that everyone thing or was that just if you had magic thing?

AUSTIN: Everyone. Everyone noticed that --

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: Everyone.

AUSTIN: -- it stopped when it was out of the sun.

KEITH: I-- I feel like the book has very clearly stopped doing the things that it was doing.

ART: Great. Let's go.

KEITH: But I also-- I also want to say that, I've been mad about this since, uh, since Fantasmo first said like, "Yeah, everything here is from pre-Erasure stuff. Like, ble-bleh." Like that is all like, so as far as I'm concerned. Nothing here is more or less dangerous than uh… than anything else.

NICK: Um...

AUSTIN: You're like, "All of this is shitty," basically, right?

KEITH: Yeah, like, all of this is shitty. We've been-- Like, I took these knives, these shitty knives. I'm gonna keep the knives. Like, he can keep his book.

NICK: Um...

JACK: I think the book should probably go back on the dais. And I think that that's the-- From my perspective that's because… it seems to be the pattern. It's moved. It-- I don't know what it is. I don't have the time or the research budget to work out what it is. Nobody is paying me to do this.

KEITH: I'll-- I'll stop-- I'll-- I won't, if you guys don't want me to, but I will metagame for a second, if it's cool.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Okay, like, fuck if Nick keeps his book he gets a spell maybe in the future that can animate shit to fight for us, so we should let him have the book.

AUSTIN: You don't know exactly how it'll work, but...

ART: I don't-- I don't--

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: It'll do a cool thing, but I don't know-- But I have a real broad definition of cool.

ALI: There's um... I would--

JACK: It's the-- the gardener rule. 

ALI: There's--

NICK: Um...

JACK: Back on the pedestal for me.

ALI: There's also like a conversation happening here where Hella's like,

HELLA: No, I haven't.

ART: Right.

HELLA: Get that book away from me.

ART: And to which, I responded out loud with,

HADRIAN: I don't want us touching anything up here.

LEM: Yeah. 

ART: And like, I'm in a defensive posture. Like...

JACK: I'm gonna side with Hadrian for completely different reasons but I'm still gonna side with him.

AUSTIN: So-- So I guess right now it sounds like there are two things happening. There's, "Do we keep the book?" which is, it sounds like, Fero and uh, and… What's Nick's character's name. Fantasmo.

KEITH: Yeah, it's--

AUSTIN: Okay, I was right. I was going to say, 'Fantasmo,' but I said-- I was like, "That can't be right." Uh, Fero and F--

KEITH: Fantastico? Fancisco. 

AUSTIN: Francisco.

KEITH: Fan--

AUSTIN: Fantasmo and Fero, are like, "We want to keep the book." Then there's the question of, if we don't keep the book, "What do we do with it?" And on that, it sounds like Lem wants to put it back on the dais, because of pattern magic and this is the right pattern. And then, other people are like, "Nah."

KEITH: I-- I'm-- Honestly, I'm split between destroying it and keeping but I am more interested, as a player, in seeing what this book does. Than in… 

AUSTIN: Right, right.

KEITH: Than in destroying it.

NICK: Fantasmo-- Like this is my--

KEITH: All I know is last time I wanted to destroy something, everyone got all mad. So, I want--

NICK: This-- This is meta here, but Fantasmo sees this book as power so he's not giving it up.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's fair. I understand that. 

NICK: Uh.

ALI: Yeah.

ART: This'll be an interesting day, then.

NICK: He stood-- So Fantasmo addresses Hadrian and says, um,

FANTASMO: The book itself is not evil. The spell itself is not evil. Magic is neutral. The things-- The things that the beings of this land do with the magic are potentially evil or not evil. Magic is no more evil than the wind. I'm keeping this book.

NICK: And then uh, he turns to, uh, Lem and he says to Lem,

FANTASMO: Your pattern magics, while sometimes impressive, do not dictate how the entire world works. They-- This book… does not need to go back. The only reason to put this book back on it's dais is if we want it to resume the spells that were happening here. We got sent here to find out what was happening and disable it if possible. We've done that. And we have this book now. I suggest we take off.

JACK: The-- The waves will stop if we put the book back on the dais. Dais?

ART: I don't know if that's true. Uh...

NICK: How do you know that that's--

AUSTIN: Uh, Nick thinks-- Fantasmo thinks that's true.

JACK: It's the fact--

AUSTIN: Based on the study that you did before. That-- That again --

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: -- previous to very recently, the waves hadn't been a problem. This is ancient.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: You can tell this is pre-Erasure. And I think that even-- Your-- think-- Right, yes.

NICK: But, not putting the book back on the dais isn't going to turn it back on, either.

AUSTIN: Right. I think as long as you know, you keep this book protected and careful with it, you believe the waves aren't going to come back. That's the-- Yeah.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That is what you think. Um...

KEITH: Especially going to say if he's away from-- if he's away from the waves, it's not gonna work on the waves.

ART: Hadrian lets out like a sigh. Like a deep, sigh. Like,

HADRIAN: Of course the wind can be evil. Everything can be evil. You know, such is the way of the world.

KEITH: I hate-- I hate paladins so much. I fucking can't stand the whole thing that paladins are about.

HADRIAN: But-- But…

AUSTIN: Of course the wind can be evil. Fuck.

HADRIAN: But I'm not willing to fight you. I'm not willing to-- to kill you over this book. But I'm-- But I'm done.

ART: And I walk downstairs.

NICK: I think Fantasmo just--

ART: I'll be figuring out how much gold I can carry.

NICK: Fantasmo just shrugs and says,

FANTASMO: Great. I'm done too. Let's go home.

AUSTIN: What do you do-- What do you do with the book?

NICK: Um, how-- How much does it weigh?

AUSTIN: It weighs 2.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: It's heavy. And it's like-- And it's magically heavy. It's dense. The weight of it--

KEITH: Oh, you've got your-- your butler's free.

NICK: Yeah. Um, I give the-- What? 

AUSTIN: Uh-- I'm having a hard time deciding how much to give you. You know that when sunlight touched this thing, bad shit happened.

KEITH: Oh, uh, put it in a bag.

NICK: Okay, yeah. I--

JACK: Put it back on the dais.

NICK: I take all of the books out of my book sack and give the mundane books --

AUSTIN: Good call.

NICK: -- to my uh-- to my servant. 

AUSTIN: Sounds good. 

NICK: And then I put the-- the book-- I mean, that's what I was going to do anyways.

AUSTIN: Alright, that works. Okay. Just wanted to make sure that I wouldn't have to extend this further.

NICK: Yeah. No, I--

ALI: I...

AUSTIN: Be honest. Okay.

ALI: Um, I will say that I kind of glare at Fantasmo and put my sword away and then follow as closely behind Hadrian as I can.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: And then, on the way out of the room. So Hadrian goes down first. Fantasmo shrugs, puts the book in his bag and follows him right away. On the way past Hella, um, Fantasmo just says,

FANTASMO: We will have words later.

HELLA: Whatever.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: I wanna land on-- I wanna land on Hadrian's shoulder.

LEM: I uh…

AUSTIN: Defy Danger-- No, you don't have to.

LEM: I would also like to register my uh... my discontent with the fact that this goddamn book is not in the right pattern on that dais. That's not where the book should be.

AUSTIN: Okay. That's fine.

LEM: Um, it should not be in the inventory of some wizard. So I go marching off downstairs as well.

AUSTIN: Okay. Uh, you guys can...

ALI: Everyone's so mad at each other.

NICK: Does Fantasmo hear him say "some wizard?"

JACK: Yes, he super does.

AUSTIN: Alright, uh...

NICK: You hear Fantasmo bellow from the stairwell,

FANTASMO: I am not just some wizard. I am the Great Fantasmo!

JACK: Ah, god wizards.

AUSTIN: Wizards man.

ALI: Oh my god this is going to be such a tough boat ride home.

AUSTIN: Alight, so... Yeah, it is gonna be a tough boat ride home. Um, I'm just going to give you the amount of gold-- the amount of coin that you guys can carry safely, is that fair? As in you figure out--

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You're gonna be able to bring it back.

JACK: With all our weight stuff.

AUSTIN: Yeah. You're gonna be able to bring it back on this boat fine.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Like, being encumbered means you move slowly and stuff, but there aren't anymore dangers in this tower. They aren't any more dan--

NICK: Right. Oh my god, I just ruined my throat.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that was loud. Uh, there aren't any more dangers. I had to be clear. I had to make sure that was true, now that the book was safe. Uh, and I think you can take like, I think a total of 300 coin from that vault. And you can split that up among yourselves as requested. Uh, of course, you know, uh, the ship captain, Captain Calhoun, really wants his cut.

ART: Wait, we actually did Captain Calhoun?

AUSTIN: Yeah, that was his name.

ART: I hate us.

AUSTIN: Uh, Captain Calhoun, of course requests his fair share as the leader of this party. Uh...

JACK: Can we kill him?

KEITH: He wasn't even there. He gets 20 gold, top for riding in a boat with us.

AUSTIN: Nah. The Burg elected him. He-He's the captain of that boat.

KEITH: He's the captain of that boat fucking up against the six of us. The five of us.

AUSTIN: The Burg says he's the boss.

ART: No, I think-- I think he gets it. I mean he... Yeah, that's what the law says.

AUSTIN: We can deal with that in the future if you want to steal this money from him, Keith. But...

KEITH: Yeah, I do.

AUSTIN: We can talk about that next week.

KEITH: I'm gonna steal it from him and then we'll redistribute it amongst us. They don't even have to know.

AUSTIN: Fuck communism now.

ALI: That was straight up -- 

AUSTIN: Uh... Let's--

ALI: -- a little Robin Hooding.

NICK: Uh, is Captain Calhoun a reference to Star Trek: The New Frontier books?

AUSTIN: No.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Not on purpose.

NICK: Alright.

AUSTIN: It's a good captain name. I'm not surprised someone before me used it. It's a great captain name. Um...

ALI: Did I mention that I also take a gem of the same color as my sword?

AUSTIN: Sure.

ALI: And I just pocket that.

AUSTIN: You just pocket that. That's 1-- That's worth 1 coin, or like 5 coins of your coins, you know?

ALI: Okay.

ART: Oh, she's not a captain. I thought that was the name of the lady from Wreck-It Ralph.

AUSTIN: No, I haven't seen that still.

ART: That's where I recognized that name before.

AUSTIN: Uh, so...

KEITH: That's good.

AUSTIN: On the boat ride home, you have to kind of decide what you want to do here. I should note that there's that door that you guys never opened, at the bottom of that tower that leads into the other building. But other than that, everything here is done. Uh...

KEITH: Fuck! Ah, shit! We gotta go back there. Not now.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: We couldn't get it open. We tried.

KEITH: Maybe not soon.

NICK: Fantasmo's got his book. I don't care. 

ALI: Yeah. I mean, I can try again.

AUSTIN: Yeah, there's--

KEITH: Hey, maybe when Hella's stronger she can reroll that Strength...

AUSTIN: There is definitely no way to open that door at the very top-- Okay. Uh, so on the boat ride home, uh... You have to kind of make a choice of what to do, going forward, and I think we'll handle most of this off screen, but I just want to like, like from a meta game perspective, I know Andrew, Dre, wants to step into the game and I kind of see this group taking a, however temporary, a split. Um. The Burg is very interested in those two towers that the map revealed. And given your initial success here, would like you both-- Would like you to check out both of them and in a timely manner, and I think is going to split you off into groups. We'll talk about who is in what group going forward, but I kind of-- I'm really happy that this ended on this tension, which might let that grouping split up easily. One of those towers is in the Erasure, and is a place of you know, terrible magic or something terrible disaster. And the other is to the south, south of the halfling villages. And you're not really sure what is between here and there. You know there are some roads that travel that way that survived the Erasure that have been rebuilt a bit. But, you know, you don't know what's past that, to the south. You know that this tower is there, in that inlet. So think about this, going forward. Who should be grouping up with who. Talk to me off recording and we'll figure that out. And we'll work Dre's Ranger into this. He will probably be in the Erasure group, is what I'll say. Um...

JACK: We should do our End of Session uh, XP because of--

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Let's-- Let's talk about our End of Session, uh XP. Let's start with uh, with Bonds first.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Let's do the general ones first and then we'll do--

ART: Yeah, let's do the other thing first.

AUSTIN: Let's do the general thing first.

KEITH: Okay, yeah.

AUSTIN: It isn't-- Bonds are supposed to be first, uh but-- but let's start with these three questions because that's a baseline that I want to write down. Um… let's see. Did you guys learn something new and important about the world?

ART: I would say yes.

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: Yeah, we did.

JACK: So that's 1 XP.

AUSTIN: That's 1. Did you overcome a notable monster or enemy?

JACK: Yes.

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: Yeah.

ART: Yeah?

AUSTIN: Did you loot-- Did you loot memorable treasure?

JACK: Uh...

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So baseline 3.

ART: Is it memorable?

AUSTIN: Uh...

NICK: That book is totally memorable.

ART: It's just gold.

AUSTIN: If you want to-- Well, so here's the thing.

KEITH: It's gold in a world where gold isn't relevant anymore and it's like a crazy thing that we found that.

JACK: I've got the engraved mask.

KEITH: And it's like a crazy thing that we found that.

AUSTIN: That's the thing, is I could-- I could suffer an argument that said only Fantasmo, Lem and Hadrian took something memorable.

KEITH: Well, I got that super awesome dagger. It's got a pearl handle.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it's a nice dagger. I'm not saying you can't, I'm just saying.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: If someone wants to make that argument, I'll listen to it.

NICK: This question--

ART: No, I guess it's stupid.

NICK: This question is for the whole party, right?

AUSTIN: It is, it is.

NICK: Yeah. So, I mean.

AUSTIN: It's as a group, you're right.

NICK: So just because like technically Fantasmo has possession of the book right now, it's--

AUSTIN: That's true. So that's 3 for everybody, that's-- that's fair. So now...

ART: Alright, so--

JACK: I can level up next time.

ALI: We don't get--

AUSTIN: Well you'll level up over-- over the group. Over the break, rather.

JACK: Oh really?

ALI: Those three enemies don't count as separate experience points? 

AUSTIN: No, 'cause it's just a--

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: Did you overcome a monster or enemy?

ALI: I know.

JACK: Mhm.

ART: If we'd stopped after killing one of them...

AUSTIN: You'd still get one.

ALI: Okay.

ART: Well then we'd kill the next two the next time.

KEITH: But we'd be dead.

AUSTIN: No, then you'd get-- Yeah, exactly.

ALI: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: So bonds.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh, when you reach the end of a session, choose one of your bonds that you feel is resolved, completely explored, no longer relevant or otherwise. Ask the player of the character you have the bond with if they agree. If they do, mark XP and write a new bond with whoever you wish. Let's start at the top of my list. Uh, which.. is... the Great Fantasmo.

NICK: Um. Is uh-- Alright, so one of my bonds is Hella is keeping an important secret from me.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Um, I know that the secret is her sword now.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you do. You can now say something about that.

NICK: I don't know what-- Okay, is that-- You think that's enough? Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah, now you know that it's-- You can now make a kind of more declarative bond. Like you want something.

NICK: Right.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: More, you know?

NICK: Um... So yeah, I'm gonna-- I'm gonna resolve that but then I'm just gonna basically morph it into um... I need to figure out what that sword is.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Potentially how I can get it from her if it's useful to me.

ALI: Fuck you!

AUSTIN: Okay. So take 1 more from that. Did you-- How many did you miss today? What's your total XP at now? Is what I'm saying.

NICK: Uh, after that, I am at 8.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you're going to level. Next up is Fero, Keith.

KEITH: Hey.

AUSTIN: Uh, right now you're at 7 and how many did you miss?

KEITH: Uh, I missed 3.

AUSTIN: Jeez, you're at 10 XP.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: At this point.

KEITH: I'm at 10.

NICK: Oh wait. Oh wait.

AUSTIN: That's what I'm saying.

NICK: This isn't right. How many did I miss? Just one.

KEITH: I think you missed one.

AUSTIN: So you're at 9.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Keith said 10 before the bond. 

KEITH: Mhm. 

AUSTIN: Are you resolving any of those bonds?

KEITH: Yeah, I'm going to resolve um, uh, Hella Grosso smells-- Smells more like prey than hunter. And I'm gonna resolve that um, because uh...

ART: I thought that was your bond with me.

AUSTIN: No that's Hella.

KEITH: No, no, no, with you, it was, "The spirits spoke to me of a great danger that follows Hadrian," and then I resolved that with you last week and replaced it with that I-- I sense that you're a danger to me. To our companions.

ART: Um...

KEITH: Um...

ART: Sure, I guess I remember that.

KEITH: Yeah. And so I'm gonna resolve...

NICK: Did you --

KEITH: Hm?

NICK: -- have her name written down as Hella Grosso? 

AUSTIN: Christ. 

KEITH: Yeah.

NICK: That's funny, 'cause I've got her written down as Hella Buff Body.

AUSTIN: Good one. 

KEITH: Well 'cause, that was I think originally what her last name was, right? In the Skype chat before we started playing.

AUSTIN: So what's-- What are we replacing it with?

KEITH: Uh... Oh, I'm replacing it with uh, that--

AUSTIN: And why?

KEITH: Oh, so, because I-- Right after I bit um, uh, Cali on the neck, she was able to kill her in the next move. 

AUSTIN: Sure, yeah. 

KEITH: And now I respect her as a Fighter. 'Cause, you know, before she was--

AUSTIN: So just something like, I --

KEITH: I don't--

AUSTIN: -- respect Hella as--

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, I respect Hella's skills in combat. And I won't call her Hella Grosso anymore. I swear that that was an established joke.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

ALI: It's uh, Hella Varal.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Jerks.

AUSTIN: Lem?

KEITH: Did you say, Hella Varide? Is that what you said? 

ALI: No.

KEITH: Oh, okay.

ALI: V-A-R-A-L.

JACK: Um... I've got "This is not my first adventure with Fero," that I think I reflected in um, performing healing magic on him twice.

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: Uh, once after being pretty-- pretty unhappy about him being bitten. Or after him being attacked by uh-- by Cali. So I'm gonna-- I'm gonna cross that one off, mark 1 XP and replace it with um, whoops, okay there we go. With uh, "Fantasmo's disregard um, for pattern magic, or semiotics, um, is a danger… to everybody." Um, and that leaves me with 10 XP.

AUSTIN: Great.

KEITH: Oh, I'm at...

ART: Ugh, I didn't miss enough rolls.

AUSTIN: Next up is Hadrian, who's--

ART: Who can't possibly level up.

AUSTIN: No...

ALI: You-- Did do some like bonds?

KEITH: How many rolls did you miss?

ART: None.

AUSTIN: You missed none rolls?

ART: Or one. I hit one? I was marking-- I was marking that as I-- No I didn't, I was marking that as I went.

AUSTIN: You didn't miss any?

ART: I never-- I didn't miss?

AUSTIN: Jeez.

ART: I mean, it didn't help that like I went around and like missed two rounds of combat.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that didn't-- that also didn't help. That's true.

KEITH: Well it can-- It can be an out-of-combat roll too.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

KEITH: Did you miss any lore check or anything?

ART: I don't have out-of-combat rolls.

AUSTIN: Yeah, wait, what's this five?

ART: Like, my shit just works.

AUSTIN: What's this 2d6-1 that you have, here, at the very bottom.

ART: Oh, that was my-- That was my-- my Lore.

AUSTIN: That's a failed roll.

KEITH: Yeah, that counts.

ART: And I guess I did not add that.

AUSTIN: Yeah, there you go.

ART: Uh, do you have the bonds as I wrote them out originally because --

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think I do.

ART: -- I wrote them in later and I want to make sure I didn't change them.

AUSTIN: Mine, so as they are for me are, "Lem's misguided behavior endangers their very soul."

ART: Sure. I didn't do that.

AUSTIN: "Hella is in a spiritual crossroads and only I can't see her through it."

ART: Yeah, that's the new one.

AUSTIN: Uh, Fan--

ART: And you have, "I respect--" Oh.

AUSTIN: I have "Fantasmo is a brave soul, I have much to learn from him."

ART: Oh, I don't know if-- 

AUSTIN: Which I think you could resolve.

ART: I think I can.

KEITH: Frankly, you could also resolve with Lem, for the same reason, where he was on your side with getting rid of the book.

AUSTIN: You could resolve either one of those.

ART: Uh, I'll resolve Lem-- I'll resolve Fantasmo. Because--

AUSTIN: I think that's the one you've better-- Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah, that's a probably a better argument.

ART: I don't-- I don't even-- Like part of me just wants to drop it and get a bond with Dre. Like I am-- I am upset with that guy.

AUSTIN: I mean, you could take that as a bond but, but you could also take--

ART: But "I am upset with that guy," is a bad bond.

KEITH: That's-- Wait.

ART: "Fantasmo, comma, I am upset with that guy."

KEITH: That's my bond with you.

ALI: That's basically my bond with him, so...

KEITH: That's my bond with you, is that I'm upset with you.

ART: Uh... Oh... Oh 'cause it's just-- It would just be like hateful shit.

AUSTIN: We can save it. We can come back to it.

ART: Like it would just be like, "What a fucking dumb idiot." And that's not like good.

AUSTIN: No.

ART: Uh...

KEITH: You're breaking up Austin.

ART: You're breaking up, but I feel like you're providing wise council.

AUSTIN: No, all I said was, "No."

KEITH: We're breaking up, Austin.

AUSTIN: Wait. Us?

JACK: I'm sorry Austin?

ART: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah, you're going to have to try one more time. I'll cut this out. I won't.

AUSTIN: I'm typing.

NICK: I think he said, "Hit me in the eyes with a hot printer?"

ART: Oh, that was--

KEITH: He's typing in the chat.

ALI: All he said was, "No." 

JACK: He seems--

KEITH: "All I said was, 'No.'" Oh.

ART: Uh, something like, uh... Oh, 'cause I can change 'brave' to like, 'foolhardy.' Like, Fantasmo's foolhardy behavior, you know, will-- will bring ruin to the-- to the very world.

AUSTIN: Foolhardy... Do you think that he's foolhardy?

KEITH: Yeah, because he thinks that he's wilfully endangering everyone.

AUSTIN: That feels stronger than foolhardy.

ART: Well it's like he doesn't-- he refuses to understand the danger of his actions.

AUSTIN: That sounds fool-- Okay, that's fair.

ART: Like we can tweak this. Like we can--

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. We can. But this-- The spirit--

ART: We can do drafts on this.

AUSTIN: The spirit of this is here. Sounds good. Uh... Hella.

ALI: Um, are we only allowed to do one bond?

AUSTIN: Yes.

ALI: Or... Okay. Um, hm. 'Cause I have... I have my bond with Nick that I am not impressed with him and I think that's resolved and I-- My feelings for him are much more extreme now.

AUSTIN: Okay. What are they now?

ALI: Where um, it's also hard wording it. Where like, can I say that like, Fantasmo-- I know that Fantasmo is suspicious of me and I'm also suspicious of him? Or is that...

AUSTIN: I'd go even more extreme than that, if you-- And again, you can make a new bond with anybody. It doesn't have to replace the one with him, you know what I mean?

ALI: Okay. But it--

AUSTIN: If you want to leave it in limbo, it can totally be.

ALI: No, but I definitely have strong feelings towards Fantasmo now, like--

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Um, I guess, um... Like his suspicious of-- Or his accusations that he made towards me, uh --

AUSTIN: So like--

ALI: -- I don't want say something really bold, meaning that like, I don't want to work with him anymore but...

AUSTIN: Sure, sure. What about like, Fantasmo knows my truth and he cannot be trusted?

ALI: Okay. But I-- Like, I don't-- I don't-- Hella doesn't consider what he's saying true. And I also sort of don't.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Well then that's--

ALI: 'Cause he thinks that she's like actively hiding something from the group and she's not.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

ALI: Sort of.

AUSTIN: Um...

ALI: But well so it would be um, Fantasmo's suspicion of me... whatever you just said.

AUSTIN: Okay. Does anybody else want to help here?

KEITH: Um, Fantasmo's...

ALI: Well, no, Austin, what did you just say?

AUSTIN: I said, "and he can't be trusted," but like that first part is--

ALI: Okay, yeah so. Right. So...

AUSTIN: Unfounded...

KEITH: "Fantasmo's unfounded suspicion of me is-- is--"

ALI: Yeah. 

KEITH: Um, uh... Hate it. I hate it.

ALI: It would be like, I know Fantasmo doesn't trust me and I also don't trust him.

NICK: Yeah.

ART: What a raving nutbar, Fantasmo is.

AUSTIN: Jeez. Nick, you're playing your character very well. I think everyone thinks that.

NICK: I'm really happy.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Yea, no, that wasn't-- Yeah. Absolutely.

NICK: No, no, no, I am so happy that everyone hates me right now.

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah, this is good for the arc I think you have in mind. Alright, so last thing here is Alignments. Uh, Nick, Lawful. The Great Fantasmo says, "Gain respect through power." Do you think you gained respect through power today?

NICK: Uh... Gosh, um. I mean, like, not-- Yeah, I think I did. Not-- Not a respect in the positive light.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: But like, these people--

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: These people are scared of me now.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's fair. Take 1, so you, on my paper you're at 10.

NICK: And I-- I can tell that.

AUSTIN: Mhm. Uh, Fero's was destroy a symbol of old civilization.

NICK: Yup.

KEITH: No, I was going to but everybody yelled at me.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know. Uh, Lem is to avoid a conflict or defuse a tense situation.

KEITH: Hold on I can break one of these knives.

AUSTIN: It's not a symbol. It's just a holder of that. Jack...

JACK: I don't think that happened.

AUSTIN: No, you didn't really-- You could've at the very end there but it just didn't go that way.

JACK: I don't think that happened at all. Um...

AUSTIN: Yeah. Uh, Art. Hadrian, deny mercy to a criminal or unbeliever.

JACK: Sorry, Austin?

AUSTIN: Yeah?

JACK: You're breaking up.

ART: Austin, you're breaking up.

AUSTIN: Oh boy.

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Yeah.

ART: Oh, I could've let you--

AUSTIN: Am I back? Can you hear me?

ART: No, did I?

KEITH: I don't think so.

ART: Absolutely not.

AUSTIN: No, I don't think you did.

ART: Yeah.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um. And Hella, kill a defenseless or surrendered enemy? How do you bring it up? Ope, our video stopped.

ART: I reached the four hour group video limit.

AUSTIN: Jesus.

ALI: Oh my God.

KEITH: Me too.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Yup.

AUSTIN: This is part of why I want smaller groups. This is part of why I want smaller groups. Uh, 'cause this is just too long.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh, Hella also didn't-- Hella, what's your total XP at right now?

ALI: Uh, it's 3... It's 8.

AUSTIN: Okay. Let's say that's game. We'll talk over the next week or two to figure out who's gonna be in what group.

JACK: Cool, cool.

NICK: Okay.

ART: Great.

AUSTIN: That's for joining us, everybody.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: You can again find me @austin_walker on twitter, theCalcultec on twitch, clockworkWorlds.com for the stuff that I write. Uh, please tell people that you're listening to this. I know that this is like, the point in which I'm supposed to do that and say that. Uh, welcome to Friends at the Table, we really enjoy this and would like to keep doing it.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Who else joined me today? Let's start with Nick.

NICK: Uh, my name is Nick. You can find me at twitch, twitter, youtube/DrEvilBones.

AUSTIN: Uh, next up, let's say Keith.

KEITH: Uh, my name is Keith Carberry, you can find me on twitter @somethingDumb, you can find the let's plays that I do at RunButton.net or youtube.com/RunButton, where there's many different series that you can check out that we do. Um, you can also go to uh, ContentBurger.biz if you want to toss some money our way.

AUSTIN: Uh, Art.

ART: Art Tebbel, you can find me on twitter @ATebbel. You can read things that I write at ComicMix and uh, that's really it.

AUSTIN: Ali?

ALI: Uh, my name is Alicia Acampora, you can find me @ali_west on twitter.

AUSTIN: Uh, great. And Jack who has stayed up way too late for this.

JACK: I'm pretty-- I'm pretty sleepy.

AUSTIN: Yeah. It's a long day.

JACK: My name is-- My name is Jack de Quidt. You can find me on twitch and twitter @NotQuiteReal, and at my game studio's website, theToolTreesGames.co.uk.

KEITH: Jack, have you ever quit somebody and then someone told you, "Uh, more like Jack de Quit?"

AUSTIN: Woof.

JACK: Uh, well people constantly mispronounce my name, like that, for about all of my life, so I was-- Yeah, that's-- That happens quite a lot. Yeah.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Have a good week, or weekend. We'll see you next-- here next week and we'll see where this goes.

ALI: Oh, um and it goes without saying that you can find all of us at StreamFriends.tv or twitch.tv/StreamFriends.

AUSTIN: That is true.

KEITH: Uh, and then...

ART: That is not what "goes without saying," sounds like.

KEITH: And then also, thanks-- Special thanks to Keith Carberry for editing.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: Uh, and...

AUSTIN: And Jack de Quidt for recording the amazing intro, too.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And maybe to Craig/Greg for doing the art. We'll see.

KEITH: I'll bleep those. I gotta bleep those.

AUSTIN: Have a good night. Bye.

KEITH: Let me timestamp that, 3:56.

AUSTIN: Bye.

JACK: Bye bye.

AUSTIN: Bye everybody.

ART: Bye.

ALI: Bye.

AUSTIN: Alright, we need to do a clap.

NICK: Yeah.

KEITH: Okay, yeah.

JACK: Okay. 

KEITH: Alright.

ART: Go back to the website time.is.

KEITH: Are we doing time.is or "three, two, one"?

JACK: Are we doing time.is?

AUSTIN: The website.

KEITH: The website time.is.

JACK: Time.is...

KEITH: And Jack, while you're there, you should take a look at the text that says, "Your clock is blank seconds ahead."

JACK: Uh-huh. It says my clock is 15 seconds behind.

AUSTIN: My clock is 35.9 seconds ahead.

KEITH: Okay, mine is 3.6 seconds ahead.

AUSTIN: These clocks-- Okay. At--

ART: I'm two-and-a-half.

AUSTIN: At 53:55.

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: Okay, yeah.

ART: Sure.

KEITH: That was like a joke.

[AUTUMN05]

KEITH: This should be much easier because there's only three of us.

AUSTIN: And because we're... we know... now all believe in time.is.

KEITH: Yeah, we all understand time.is.

ALI: Oh boy.

KEITH: We understand that time.is.

ALI: Little baby Jack.

JACK: I just didn't know that time.was.

AUSTIN: We want to do this at...

KEITH: 05? Want to do it at 05?

AUSTIN: Let's do it at 05. Yep.

ALI: Oh that's soon.

KEITH: That was the worst one yet.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I like that, 2 seconds ago you were like "Oh it'll be easier because there's only four of us".

KEITH: 20. We're going on 20.

ALI: Ok.

KEITH: Ok.

KEITH: I think we figured it out. The reason why it's not easier is because one of the bad clappers is one of you.

ALI: Fu-u-u-uck you.

KEITH: It's the fucking sour apple is in this group.

JACK: Is there any way we can weed them out? And I say that with the full knowledge that it's me.

ALI: I think you, me, and Jack are actually the worst clappers.

KEITH: I was looking at the little box that shows up around your face when you were talking.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: And I think that it's Ali. Pretty sure.

ALI: Yeah, it's probably me.

AUSTIN: Oh Ali. You can't hesitate, you know?

KEITH: Because, and Jack, here's why I believe that it's not you, and it's because you're a musician.

ALI/AUSTIN: Mh-hmm.

KEITH: And you understand how, you know... rhythm works.

JACK: What, I understand that when a number pops up I'm supposed to clap?

KEITH: No no no, you just understand that, that... you can more easily recognize the distance between two... beats than maybe Ali can.

JACK: Keith, you're giving me far too much credit. 

ALI: This is so rude and mean. 

KEITH: I'm just saying that Ali doesn't even know how to clap.

AUSTIN: Wow.

ALI: I'm offended right now, I'm gonna hang up, I'm quitting.

JACK: And we wonder why Hella is evil.

KEITH: Wait, hold on a sec...

AUSTIN: This explains everything.

KEITH: Hella's evil?

JACK: Yeah, absolutely.

AUSTIN: Oh boy... Are we ready?

KEITH: Yeah, we're ready.

JACK: How we feeling, re: dungeoneering?

AUSTIN: We'll find out.

KEITH: Positively.

JACK: I'm pro dungeons. 

AUSTIN: Alright. How do I normally go into this?

JACK: You say that,...

AUSTIN: I have a thing written but...

JACK: You say that your name's Austin Walker...

AUSTIN: We say hi...

JACK: Then you say what's going on. 

AUSTIN: Ok. Hey everyone...

KEITH: Sometimes you ...

AUSTIN: Well... Now it's ruined. Now it's ruined. You ruined it.

KEITH: I, eh, uh, Sorry. 

JACK: We're just giving Keith material, now. 

AUSTIN: All this is gold. This is intro gold.

ALI: Should we re-clap? This, this feels bad.

JACK: Should we do another clap? Ok, here we go. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, let's...

KEITH: Yeah, we should, ok, here we go. Three, two, one... Alright, perfect, couldn't have done better. 

AUSTIN: The, the, the clock even clapped. Hey everyone. Hi... Hi internet. I'm Austin Walker. Welcome to Friends at the Table, an actual play podcast focused on critical worldbuilding, smart characterization, and fun interaction between good friends. Presented by streamfriends.tv and runbutton.net. From runbutton.net, joining us is Keith Carberry. Hey Keith.

KEITH: Hi, my name's Keith Carberry, you can find me at twitter @somethingdumb or the let's plays that I do at runbutton.net or youtube.com/runbutton.

AUSTIN: And repping streamfriends, Ali Acampora.

ALI: Um, hi. My name is Alisha Acampora, and you can find me @ali_west on twitter

AUSTIN: And Jack de Quidt.

JACK: Hi there. I'm Jack de Quidt. You can find me on twitch and twitch @notquitereal and at my games studio's website, thetalltreesgames.co.uk

AUSTIN: And I'm Austin Walker. You can find me @austin_walker on twitter, theCalcutec on twitch, also at twitch.tv/streamfriends. And you can read the things I write, often about games, on clockworkworlds.com. Today, we're going to continue our Dungeon World game. Dungeon World is a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel, based on a different game called Apocalypse World by D. Vincent Baker. I always want to like, shout them out, at the beginning of this, cause they do good things. They, they put in work and deserve that recognition. Uh, as always, I want to just start off by just repeating, like a mantra, the agenda of Dungeon World. It's to portray a fantastic world, to fill the character's lives with adventure, and to play to find out what happens. Last time, we had way more people on this podcast. Don't worry, if your favorite isn't here, they will be next week. 

KEITH: Yeaaah, but they are. 

AUSTIN: They, right, they are still... Oh, I see what you're saying.

ALI: Hey, what's up.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah yeah yeah. 

JACK: How's it going.

AUSTIN: Wow, waaaow. Shots fired.

JACK: Is this the beginning of a beef? This is the beginning of a beef.

KEITH: This is the beginning of a beef. 

AUSTIN: This got real beefy. 

JACK: Hey Hella.

KEITH: Here Nick, have a burger. Where's the beef? In the burger. There it is. 

AUSTIN: Wow

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh, so the reason, so, one. From the jump we kinda planned on bringing on a sixth player, plus me would be the gm which would be seven players. Ah, and we always knew that would be just, not possible. 

KEITH: Mh-hmm.

AUSTIN: So what we did was we split the group into two smaller groups, and the formation of those groups might not be permanent. Like, this might this might just be for the next, for this one adventure, then we'll switch it up again, or who knows. We'll see how it goes. But if you're like, dying to hear from Art's Hadrian character, or from the Great Fantasmo, Nick's wonderful elf wizard, they will be in next week's episode, along with Andrew Lee Swan's new elven ranger, Throndir. "Thron-deer", I think his name is, or "Thron-der". I don't know how to pronounce elven, elvish. Um...

JACK: Well you just made some big elvish faux-pas there. 

AUSTIN: I, I mean... You're always gonna, you know? You're always gonna, with the elves. That's just how it is. But today, we're gonna focus on Hella, Lem, and Fero, who are off doing their, their own thing. Like the first adventure, um, I'm gonna start off by sending around some, some love letters. Are you guys ready for love letters?

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: I'm gonna be really disappointed if this...

KEITH: I didn't realize that we kept getting these.

JACK: I'm gonna... I'm gonna be really disappointed if this isn't an actual love letter. 

AUSTIN: Well. Uh, I, um...

KEITH: Yeah, I would like mine to be steamy, please. 

AUSTIN: I will say this Jack, the one I'm about to send you, for Lem, does ask where he spends the night.

JACK: I, don't know, I don't know if that counts Austin. Seems a little tokenistic, eh?

AUSTIN: Wink.

JACK: Um...

ALI: Steamy...

AUSTIN: You go ahead, go ahead, it is steamy. Let's start with, let's start with Jack. 

JACK: Oh dear. Oh dear. Lem, the Archivists were waiting by the docks when you returned, but you slipped away off the side of the ship. They were waiting for you after your debriefing with the Council, but you lost them in the labyrinthine Garden District. It would be evening soon. How will you secure safety during the night? If you use your charm and wiles, spend 4d6 minus Charisma... oh, 4d6 plus Charisma? That looks like minus.

AUSTIN: No, it's actually, it should be minus, in fact, I actually just typed that wrong. It should be minus your whole Charisma score.

JACK: Minus my entire Charisma score?

AUSTIN: It should be minus Charisma, not minus CHA. Not minus CHA, minus Charisma. 

JACK: For listeners to the podcast, Austin just typed the single word "Charisma" to me in skype. 

AUSTIN: Yep.

JACK: If you use your charm and wiles, spend 4d6 minus Charisma on safe lodgings at a trustworthy inn. If furtively find a hidden alley, rooftop, or corner to spend the night in, spend one ration. Where did you stay? The next day, you're very sleepy. Take -1 forward. Well I think I'm gonna have to use my charm and wiles here. 

AUSTIN: That's fair. That's fair. So... let's go over to this new system we have set up. People at home who can't see this, we finally set an account at roll20.net, and we're gonna give that a shot, and see how that plays out. 

JACK: So, what's absolutely definitely going to happen now, is I'm going to type the command wrong and everyone's gonna have a bit of a laugh.

AUSTIN: Yep.

JACK: So, I go.

KEITH: I, are, Austin, are we recording the roll20 footage?

AUSTIN: I am.

KEITH: Just so that... ok. 

AUSTIN: Just in case. I, I haven't decided yet if I’m gonna post it. 

JACK: So people aren't just going to hear about my comedy mistake?

AUSTIN: I mean, they might.

KEITH: They might actually see it.

JACK: Ok, so my charisma is 16, so I’m going to roll 4d6 minus 16. And the solution is... minus one.

AUSTIN: Woah! Look at that, that means that you did very well for yourself.

KEITH: Nice.

AUSTIN: Where, where- so you’re in a-

JACK: Wait, why did I want a low number?

AUSTIN: You wanted a low number because this is how much gold it would cost you, how much coin it would cost you to spend on lodgings. 

KEITH: Yeah it cost you one coin. 

JACK: Oh...

AUSTIN: No, it cost you no coins, in fact.

JACK: Oh, I see.

AUSTIN: It cost him negative one coin! I’m not gonna give you an extra coin, though maybe I should. Maybe, yeah! Actually, wait! Yeah, you get a coin, you’re a bard! Right?

KEITH: He fucking, he shows up, they know who he is, they’re like “Oh man this guy!”

JACK: I don’t think I so much…

KEITH: “Take this coin stay here, please!”

JACK: I don’t know if they know that it is, that they know who I am because I’m on the run right now… So, that’s possibly not a good idea.

AUSTIN: Right, but maybe you’re able to maybe do a couple songs that night. Maybe in exchange for lodgings their like-

KEITH: Oh right he’s a bard. 

AUSTIN: “Listen, you can stay here tonight if you play a couple tunes for us, and we’ll let you take home the tips.” And the tips are terrible. The tips are one coin, all night. But, hey it’s free lodgings. 

KEITH: Hold on, maybe it was a bunch of coins that all equaled like one of the big coins. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, right, sure, sure. That’s fair.

JACK: So, I’ve got, I add one coin to my store of coins?

AUSTIN: Yeah! Go ahead and add one coin to your store of coins.

JACK: Oh, thank you.

AUSTIN: Coin in this game is, is, I wanted to address this in the game really quick too. Coin is just like the term for whatever your currency is, and one of the things that we talked about the end of last session was that you got a bunch of gold and there had been some debate about whether or not that should be more valuable, or like, y’know, how do we transfer from that into the kind of like, the kind of money of the region? Which is like, what did you say it was, like little bone circles? Like little fish bone circles. Which is kind of a bronze era style currency. And one of the things that I thought of earlier today was that the gold coin, it could just be that the gold coin is universal, right? That like, this town, and maybe, this town which is now called Velas, instead of the Burg, we figured out a name for this town in the interim. And the island where Ali is from, Ordenna, both of those take the kind of scrimshaw bone coin. But, everywhere in the world takes gold. 

JACK: Yes.

AUSTIN: I don’t know, do you think that that’s?

KEITH: Are people like a little more, are people, even though it is isn’t worth more, are people more impressed with it?

AUSTIN: Yeah! Because, I mean, it suggests that you’re a traveller, right? It suggests-

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: It’s like having, it’s like having an American Express? Do you know what I mean? Like, twenty years ago where it was like “Oh!”. Yeah, but it’s still just, it’s still just a credit card, but “Oh!”. 

KEITH: So it’s like having a Discover, now?

AUSTIN: Is that what it’s like?

KEITH: No, it’s not. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so-

JACK: I don’t know Keith’s talking about, so…

KEITH: I, yeah.

AUSTIN: These are different credit cards, this is, don’t, it’s, don’t worry about it.

JACK: Americans…

KEITH: It’s a credit card, that a lot of places don’t accept, because it’s not worth it, to them. To accept it. 

AUSTIN: Right. ‘Cause no one has them. It’s a weird circular probLem. So that’s, that’s, that’s Lem. For, for the sake of ease I’m gonna say that you wound up, the kind of tavern that you stayed in, was in the Fish district? Velas is split into three districts, plus like the outskirts of Velas. There’s a Garden district where the council is, in fact let me, I’ll swing you guys over. Check this out on roll20. Bop! Now you’re on the map. 

JACK: Oh cool.

AUSTIN: So, there’s the council district which is the Garden district, which is where the council is, there’s lots of like super high class homes. Insofar as anyone is rich still, they live in the Garden district. There’s the Fish district, which is the district where the docks are. And that’s where like, the majority of the town lives. That’s like, that’s the population concentration, right? This area used to be, kind of, all merchants, all like, before the fall, before the Erasure, this was, big, or business was booming. And now, a lot of that stuff is like, converted homes, but the docks are still, are still there. And then there’s the Sun district which was recently renamed, that from just like “that shitty place where no one wants to go to”, which is just filled with just tons and tons and tons of just, empty homes, empty buildings. You know, you might find a family that lives in a building that once homed, you know, housed twelve families. So there are still people living there, but it’s overgrown and it’s empty. But, in the middle of it, is, the Church of Samothes, you know, Hadrian’s church. And there is some, recent revival of that area, and renovation. So, we’re gonna say you’re in the Fish district and I’m just, I’m saying that now ‘cause it’s important for where we’re gonna go after these love letters. 

JACK: Also, can we-

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

JACK: Can we call it a pub? Tavern for me has like, associations with like, “I say, fine traveller! Here in my Dungeons and Dragons campaign, we met you in a tavern!” 

AUSTIN: Sure. That’s fine, we can call it a pub, or a bar.

JACK: Yeah, exactly.

KEITH: Wait, can it just be a YMCA?

AUSTIN: No, definitely, it’s not a YMCA. Fero, Fero I sent you your love letter. 

KEITH: Fero, adventure is grand, but it is distracting. On your way back from the island, for about an hour, you lose the true name of your favorite animal from your mountainous home. Thankfully, you find it again before you reach land. Which animal was it, and why is it your favorite? My favorite animal, to transform into, I say, is, I’m gonna say probably a mountain lion. A cougar. A coug. 

AUSTIN: Why is that your, the coug, why is the- I don’t like that we’re calling it the coug. I’m gonna go on record.

JACK: This is your tavern moment, Austin.

KEITH: Yeah if I feel like mountain lion is too Dungeons and Dragons-y. So I go with “the coug”. The cougar is, is, probably one of my two favorites but I feel like it’s like the, when I feel like I want to turn into a strong animal-

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: I go like “yeah, cougar!” And I feel, I feel like Fero, after the experience at the tower, maybe, kind of, feels less identifying with that sort of like quick jump-to-action sort of, “I’m gonna be a cougar and wreck shit!”, sort of side of him. So, I feel like, part of that, almost remorse, is forgetting the cougar. 

AUSTIN: Great. And last, but certainly not least is Hella. Ali, I sent you yours, also. 

ALI: Yeah. Hella, you spent less than a day back at your home island of Ordenna before you knew you had to leave. It was the voice of your blade that told you to go, and you listened. What did the voice sound like, did anyone else hear it? I would say that the voice, isn’t just one voice? It’s like a group of people, but-

AUSTIN: To be clear, to the listeners and to Jack and Keith. When everyone leveled up, one of the moves that Hella took was one that kind of let her sword come to life, and gain a personality. What’s the actual, I’m gonna find the actual write up of it.

ALI: Yeah, the move is called Heirloom?

AUSTIN: When you consult the spirits that reside within your signature weapon, they will give you insight regarding the current situation, and might ask you some questions in return. Roll plus charisma, on a plus ten the GM will give you good detail, on a seven to nine the GM will give you an impression. So, now, her sword is alive, and so yeah, so what are the voices like? 

ALI: So yeah, it’s a group of people, probably… Like, more than three, less than five—

AUSTIN: Okay, so four? 

ALI: —But, you can’t, wait. No, I meant ten.

AUSTIN: So, four voices—

KEITH: Some, some random number between three and five! 

AUSTIN: Well, I guess if we don’t say whole numbers, maybe it’s like four point two. Four point two voices. 

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: So you have, y-you have four and a fifth person inside your sword?

ALI: Yeah, one guy is just a backup guy. 

JACK: He joins in on every fifth word, yeah.

AUSTIN: He’s an understudy.

KEITH: Yeah. Coincidentally, also the boy from Two and a Half Men!

AUSTIN: I’m glad he’s finding work! I hear he’s a jerk, actually, I hear he’s kind of an ass. So, so questions about it. Is it like a chorus of voices that speak together or do they speak individually? 

ALI: They speak together. 

AUSTIN: Oh, okay. So it’s like, almost again like a chorus.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like a kind of a echoey, haunting. Yeah okay. Did anybody else hear you? Hear it, go off and talk to you while you were in...

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Ordenna. Ordenna or Ordenna? 

ALI: Ordenna, Ordenna?

AUSTIN: It’s up to you. It’s your island. 

KEITH: Ordenna. 

AUSTIN: I think I like Ordenna. 

ALI: We both said “deh-na” right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, we did, but just now you said “day-na”, so I was confused if I said it wrong before. So did anybody else on Ordenna—

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Overhear it? No, okay. So you snuck out before that could happen then, that’s good. This is now happening the next night. So, it’s only been like, a very short amount of time since the island. So there was the island, you guys came back, you had your big debriefing with the counsel. They gave you your money from the big chunk that you brought back which was fifty coin. Fifty gold coin that can be spent anywhere. And kind of were just like, “yeah good job”, like, “hang around we might have more for you to do”, y’know, “or don’t, we don’t, like, we’ll get our stuff done”, like you’re not essential at this point. They certainly treat Hadrian, and The Great Fantasmo, both, as more essential. Because of their political ties and standing. And, kind of personal strength, right, like, none of you are wizards, they would like to have a wizard in on this junk. 

KEITH: I can turn into giant animals!

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s not. That’s not the same.

ALI: Yeah, that’s super rude.

JACK: I know about the history of, of wizards, I think. Yeah, hm. Anybody? Oh, okay.

ALI: I’m way stronger than everyone else. 

AUSTIN: That’s probably true, but you don’t have a church backing you up, so… 

JACK: That counts for a lot. 

AUSTIN: Through the sort of beautiful coincidences that run life, the three of you find each other the next night. At this point or- At this point, Hella has already gone and returned from Ordenna. Jack has, or Lem has been dodging the archivists who are after him for stealing that violin.

KEITH: Oh, do they know about that now?

AUSTIN: They’ve been knowing about that. They knew about that because of his love letter last ti-, the beginning of the last adventure he got a partial success and they learned about that. But, he’s been ducking them, successfully. 

KEITH: Oh, right.

AUSTIN: And, finally, y’know, Fero I think he’s just kind of been milling about, thinking about nature and your place in it. 

KEITH: Mhm.

AUSTIN: You find, you find each other in the tavern, in the pub, sorry. That Lem hid out in. And you’ve spent the last couple of hours, let’s say, chatting with an elven man named Gregalos. He reminds you of Fantasmo, but a lot nicer, like he’s knowledgeable like Fantasmo is but like, instead of correcting you he- Like instead of correcting you and taking joy in correcting you, he corrects you because he wants you to like, know. Like “Oh, actually, like I read about this, it’s a little different, y’know, blah blah blah.”

KEITH: He’s an elven what, you said?

AUSTIN: He’s just an elf, I mean, he’s an elven man. Is what I said. 

KEITH: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Younger than Fantasmo, y’know, not as age- You remember the elves age much more quickly in our world. Our world, by the way, also has a name now or at least this continent does. And that’s Hieron. I don’t know if we decided how we want to say this yet but: Hieron. 

KEITH: Yep, nope, we decided and it’s that. That’s what we decided. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so, in Hieron right now-

KEITH: Do I get to bleep that? 

AUSTIN: Do you get to bleep this?

KEITH: Do I get to bleep everytime you- 

JACK: Did you just make a rude gesture at the microphone?

AUSTIN: I, no I just pointed.

KEITH: Ey, bleep this!

AUSTIN: Ey! Oh! So, so you spent some time talking to Gregalos and a lot of it is him recounting his adventures out in the world, and he’s just like a really warm guy. Again, knowledgeable, warm, and kind of takes you in, quickly. Do you guys, do you drink? Do your characters drink in this pub?

JACK: Yeah I, I mean I would. 

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: No, I don’t need to eat or drink.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: You don’t just do it, to like enjoy flavors?

KEITH: No, I kind of sit down near like a, some plant that’s potted in the corner.

AUSTIN: Okay. He’s very nice, Keith, you do want to be around this dude. Like he’s a natural—

KEITH: Oh, also, if I’m in the corner I’m also not near this guy, okay, I’ll go hang out with the guy. 

AUSTIN: I mean, yeah, they’re sitting at a table. Like together.

KEITH: Instead of, I’ll say, instead of eating I’ll inhale the plant and then-

AUSTIN: That’s not, okay, great.

ALI: You should just grab the plant from the corner and-

KEITH: I’ll just, I, I just hang out with everybody. Is what I do.

ALI: Put it in the chair next to you.

AUSTIN: At some point, he asks you three to talk about your latest adventure, y’know, you’ve already probably gestured towards it a couple of times, that you’ve been out together. And recently returned and he kind of says,

GREGALOS: So tell me, what, what was this last, you said, you went out with the, with the Captain Sal-, Sal-, mm. 

AUSTIN: He’s like, struggling to get the names right ‘cause he hasn’t really been paying attention. 

GREGALOS: Calhoun! You went out with Captain Calhoun to a tower? What, what happened?

LEM: It was pretty, it was pretty messed up. 

FERO: It was kind of messed up.

HELLA: Yeah, it wasn’t good. 

LEM: It was not what we expected it to be. We went up there, expecting a pretty standard sort of job, and at every turn things went really, really weird and we kind of all left with a pretty sour taste in our mouths, I think. 

GREGALOS: Did you find anything interesting?

HELLA: Nope. 

FERO: Nope. Well- There was this one thing.

AUSTIN: He gives you a look. He gives you a look when you say “Nope!” 

LEM: We got a, we got a book, but we probably, maybe, shouldn’t have? And one of our number, departed with it. And he’s not with us anymore. 

GREGALOS: What sort of book?

FERO: A book that made books dance.

GREGALOS: I’ve heard, I- 

AUSTIN: And he like, looks around at his stuff and like starts digging through things and then rolls out a map in front of you all. Jack, you recognize most of the map because you, you have a big chunk of it already, the kind of northwestern corner of the map of Hieron. But, he points like rapidly to this mark on the map, this kind of like this, almost like a, it’s debatable what it is. It could almost be like a ship, it could be a dagger stabbed into the land, it could be a cross. And he’s like,

GREGALOS: Is this where you were?

AUSTIN: And, it is, it is where you were. I’ve now moved you over to that map on, on roll20, you should see it. He’s pointing at, at the island north of Ordenna. 

JACK: I mean, should we tell him the truth? He seems like-

KEITH: I’m, I’ll tell him the truth. 

FERO: Yeah, that’s where we were, we were over there. 

GREGALOS: Oh, I, this is, I thought these were-

AUSTIN: He seems like he’s trying to decide how much to bring you in on, at this point. 

GREGALOS: I, hm. I have to make-

KEITH: Just tell him that we’re cool don’t worry about it. 

GREGALOS: I have to make plans. This is- Do any of you know the way to Rosemerrow? 

AUSTIN: He says.

KEITH: Oh, yeah! I do!

GREGALOS: There’s- There’s something I’m interested in. Another book, down in the woods to the south of Rosemerrow. I, I can’t pay much now but I can cover all of your travel expenses and when you’re back, you’ll all be handsomely rewarded. 

LEM: What exactly are you looking here from us? You looking for like, protection, or is there something that-

GREGALOS: I have to, I have to stay here, there’s lots to be done.

LEM: Oh so you’re hiring us.

GREGALOS: Y-you’re adventurers. I’m an adventurer, it’s strange, I know for me to step into the role of a hire-er instead of hire-y. But, yeah, I have to, I know I have to go east but if you can be back here in the next couple of weeks. Here, at this pub, I’ll stay here, we’ll meet back, hand the book off and, I can explain. 

HELLA: Why can’t you explain now?

GREGALOS: Because, I have to know if it's, if it’s really the thing I think it is. 

LEM: Okay, so I have a couple of questions. Question number one, you’re going east? 

GREGALOS: Yeah. 

LEM: Where’s your destination? I’ve got-

GREGALOS: I know- 

LEM: I’ve got some community to the east. I’m just interested. 

GREGALOS: Oh, are you one of the, those Archive boys? 

LEM: Yeah you, you could say I’m one of the Archive boys gang. 

GREGALOS: I don’t, that changes things a bit. Maybe I’ll have to find someone else.

AUSTIN: He says.

LEM: Oh no no no no-

HELLA: We can do it.

GREGALOS: I can’t, this book can’t-

AUSTIN: He puts a hand on your shoulder, Lem. 

GREGALOS: The archivists can’t have this. 

LEM: Ok, so I don’t have any particular love for the archivists. 

ALI: Woah!

LEM: But, I’m a little intrigued as to why you don’t want this falling into Orcish hands. 

GREGALOS: I have no probLem with the Orcs! The Orc’s and I, we have… But, but, the archivists are, let’s just say, let’s just say that things have been, things have been bad the last few times I’ve gone along with them, looking for interesting things. 

FERO: What sort of stuff?

AUSTIN: What was that?

FERO: What sort of, what sort of stuff? 

GREGALOS: There, do you know, do you know the islands to the north of the Archives, Lem? 

LEM: Very little, y’know I spent some time there on holidays as a child but, not in any particular sense. 

GREGALOS: They did really well, for a while, they, y’know the archivists taught them how to fish, taught them how to sail, y’know. Taught them the basics, helped them get back on their feet but, last time I went they were being a little more pushy. It used to be, it used to be “oh, we’ll, y’know make sure your people eat for a year if you give us this desk,” but now it’s “we’ll make sure your people are alive to eat for the rest of the year if you give us this desk.” 

FERO: What are they doing with the desks?

AUSTIN: He looks at Lem. 

GREGALOS: Good question. 

LEM: Fero, it’s, you wouldn’t understand. 

FERO: I mean, I hung out at the Archives with you. 

LEM: Well then you should know, y’know.

FERO: I know, I know kind of, but, are we talking, I guess what I’m asking is it desks, specifically, or were you just using that as a placeholder for whatever they’re actually looking for?

GREGALOS: I mean when I went it was desks. So-

FERO: It was desks? 

GREGALOS: It was desks, that time.

FERO: Aw, man. Do you know what it’s- Ok. 

LEM: Look, we, the whims of the archivists, and in particular the curator, are never particularly clear to, even to the rest of us. If he was looking for desks, he probably had something in mind. Which isn’t, isn’t to justify his actions I’m just saying if you’re wondering why he wanted desks, I’m sure he, I’m sure he knew why he wanted desks. 

FERO: Ok.

LEM: Maybe it was desk season, I don’t know. 

FERO: You’re being weird buddy. 

GREGALOS: As long as you promise me the archivist won’t get their hands on this.

FERO: It’s fine, he not going back to the, don’t even worry about it. He’s not gonna.

GREGALOS: Alright. Well, there’s another, another place, down in the woods south of Rosemerrow. You’ll know it when you see it. 

AUSTIN: He smirks. 

GREGALOS: You’ll recognize the design. Deep in its heart there will be another book like that one. Do not read it. Just bring it to me. 

LEM: Hella?

FERO: Hold on, what if we did read it?

GREGALOS: You wouldn’t-

FERO: I don’t want to read it!

GREGALOS: You would not be safe. 

AUSTIN: He says. 

FERO: I don’t want to, I don’t want to read it, I’m not-

HELLA: Would not be safe? 

FERO: I’m not like that, I don’t like any of this stuff.

LEM: Dude-

FERO: Can we?

LEM: I’ve read books that eat people. It’s, y’know. 

GREGALOS: How many people?

AUSTIN: He says, straight-faced. 

LEM: Oh, you know like twenty or something.

GREGALOS: That’s nothing. 

FERO: That’s well, hold on, that’s- Twenty’s kind of a lot? So, you’re saying don’t read the book?

AUSTIN: He’s saying don’t read the book. 

FERO: Ok, we won’t read the book. Should we, should we go get this book?

LEM: You got anything, Hella? You got anything…

HELLA: If you guys are going.

LEM: You don’t have any questions? 

FERO: I have a question!

LEM: You’re not Hella.

FERO: I know, I have a question real quick though, Greg. What about that other book from that other tower, yeah, yeah?

GREGALOS: It’s- My family calls me Greg, my friends call my Greggy.

FERO: Okay, Greggy. Listen Greggy, Greggy in that other tower there was also- Should anybody not read that other book, too, or is that book cool to read?

GREGALOS: Who has the book now?

FERO: Just some, just some guy!

LEM: A wizard. 

FERO: Yeah, a wizard guy.

LEM: He’s from the University.

FERO: He really seemed kind of into reading that book.

AUSTIN: He takes a long drink.

GREGALOS: The University?

AUSTIN: He says, and his eyes go wide. 

GREGALOS: That’s impossible, there’s not, no one’s left from the University.

LEM: Look.

FERO: It’s, well, he’s a tenacious little dude.

LEM: Look, Greggy-

AUSTIN: I like that you’re a halfling, talking about Fantasmo as “a little dude” it’s really good.

LEM: He’s, he’s not a great guy, Greggy.

GREGALOS: I’ll have to look into this. Well, what’s his name? 

FERO: Tazzy- Fantasmo, Fantasmo. 

LEM: Wait, Keith, ah, sorry Fero are you sure about that?

FERO: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: It’s too late now, certainly. 

KEITH: Yeah.

GREGALOS: I see, I’ll talk to some friends and see what they know. Two weeks, three weeks maximum I’ll be back. If you can be here I’ll-

AUSTIN: He slips a ring off of his finger and hands it to you. It has, the symbol on it is kind of three vertical dashes all at a different height. The first one is kind of like mid-level, the second one is really high and the bottom one is the lowest of the three. 

GREGALOS: Give this to whoever, show this to whoever you need. My word is good for it, they’ll know that I have sent you and that I can pay. 

FERO: Wait, who?

GREGALOS: Horses, ships, whatever you need to get there. 

FERO: What? You’re popular. 

LEM: Okay. Alright. 

FERO: Yeah, we’re in.

JACK: We’re on, I’m gonna shake hands with him. 

KEITH: Yep.

AUSTIN: You shake hands and the second you do, the doors open. And in come two men in hoods, or two forms- figures in hoods and a couple of Guards-

JACK: It’s gonna do this twelve times. 

AUSTIN: The bell rings outside. The Guards-

KEITH: This doesn’t sound like a good thing, when Guards come into a place at a particular time.

AUSTIN: No. They’re combing the room. 

JACK: I think we should probably do something here, Hella.

AUSTIN: You can overhear, you can overhear that the Guards are saying “Listen, they’re not here, this is just a neighborhood bar”. And the forms in robes, not robes just hoods they’re kind of like armored? With cloaks and hoods. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Big, like strong bodies. Seem insistent, that what they want is here. They are, let’s say, thirty feet away from you at this point. You’re in a back booth near the bar and there’s like a stairwell up to the room that Lem rented last night. What do you do?

KEITH: Well we probably don’t want to go talk to them, right? 

ALI: No.

KEITH: We probably want to leave?

JACK: Oh, wait I have high charisma stat so if you want me to take a fall for this I could probably get some sensation of, of what’s going on. It’s a risk I’d be willing to take. 

AUSTIN: So what are you asking, what are you saying you want to do?

JACK: I’m saying, I’m saying to Hella and Fero that if conversation with them is something that we’re at least vaguely interested in- I would be prepared to take a shot at it, if they want to hide. From Lem’s perspective this is kind of, this is sort of the inverted commas “combat situation” that he feels most comfortable in. 

AUSTIN: Mhm.

KEITH: I also, I also think that other than, outside a scenario where someone has said “Guards come in, they’re looking around and you notice a back door”, other than that I’d feel like we haven’t done anything wrong, specifically.

AUSTIN: Right. 

KEITH: So unless they’re looking for the ring that was just handed to us.

AUSTIN: Right. 

KEITH: By a mysterious man named Greggy. 

JACK: Alright.

KEITH: Then we’re, we’re probably, yeah we’re, and also I’m not afraid of some Guards. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s fair.

KEITH: I’m a goddamn druid. 

JACK: The question is if we want to confront them do we just straight, go at it, with an orcish bard, a barbarian and a druid or do we go at it more carefully, at least initially, I don’t know. Austin, am I still- am I still scarred? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, you’ve not had time to recover.

JACK: Ok. Still no thing. 

KEITH: Do you-

AUSTIN: Yeah, they are, so- so, for people who are listening, reminder that Lem was scarred when he put that mask on his face and saw some visions of some royal figure last week.

JACK: Also, Hadrian crowned me, right? 

AUSTIN: He did. That didn’t leave the scar though, the mask did. 

JACK: No, but that was, I would like it to go on record, that was also deeply uncomfortable. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, you both had a real experience there. 

JACK: We had an experience. 

AUSTIN: A mixed bag. 

JACK: Actually-

KEITH: Well now you’re a ghost king. 

JACK: Dude. Yeah, I feel a bit weird to be honest that Hadrian is- I feel like Hadrian and I went through a lot and now we’re in completely different-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: Different bits of the world. But, anyway! That’s not the, that’s not the, that’s not the matter right now. What do we want to do? 

KEITH: I kinda want to listen in before we- I want to like, kind of, just hang out, not be too conspicuous and see if we can hear what they’re saying. 

ALI: Yeah, I don’t think we should confront them. I like, I gesture to the others to keep their heads down but otherwise-

KEITH: Yeah, I’m not, I’m more interested in figuring out what is going on here.

AUSTIN: So you’re trying to listen in.

KEITH: I don’t think that needs to be through talking to them yet. 

AUSTIN: Okay. 

JACK: I wanna talk to them. But, I, y’know, I-

AUSTIN: Well, you can, you can do that while- So, let’s, let’s handle this with Lem and, or sorry with Fero first. Yeah, Fero sounds like he wants to Discern Realities to me.

KEITH: Yep. 

AUSTIN: So go ahead and roll plus WIS and-

KEITH: Got it!

AUSTIN: And we’ll see what happens there.

JACK: Extra WIS.

AUSTIN: Okay, good, so you got a, you now get to ask, you rolled an eleven. He gets to ask questions from that sheet, from that move. I think three questions from that? 

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. I’m gonna start with, what is about to happen? 

AUSTIN: These men are going to find you, are going to find Lem. 

KEITH: Oh, shit, okay. What here is useful or valuable to me? 

AUSTIN: Well, you haven’t paid the server yet for this very expensive bottle of wine, that’s pretty valuable. You have the ring already, and the, the stairs up are striking you as a pretty nice place to be.

KEITH: And, and what here is not as it appears to be?

AUSTIN: Greggy. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Also the, the people in the kind of cloaks. But, but yeah.

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Also, Hella is evil. 

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: I say that because she doesn’t appear to be, right, like! 

KEITH: She does not appear to be evil. 

JACK: We kind of all know this by now, right?

KEITH: She has yet to appear- Yeah. 

JACK: This is something that we’ve, we’re comfortable with.

KEITH: I feel like-

ALI: No, I don’t think Hadrian like, told everyone. 

AUSTIN: No, but, but-

JACK: We just decided that-

AUSTIN: They must have seen you at some point hurt a person, in combat, like do you remember your first love letter was about killing those pirates? I have to imagine they’ve seen-

ALI: Well, just, I’m good at that.

AUSTIN: Yeah…

ALI: That’s not evil.

AUSTIN: Well then at some point we have to wonder if that’s the right alignment for her then, do you know what I mean?

ALI: Yeah. 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like, you can see in their movements why Hadrian and Fantasmo are lawful? Do you know what I mean? You can see it like, often. Like they both are letter of the law type, in it for power, in it for stability, the status quo, etcetera. So, I- Think about it going forward, if this is the right alignment choice for Hella. And I will make sure there are opportunities for it to be illustrated, is what I’ll say. 

JACK: Fero-

KEITH: So I’m gonna, I’m gonna-

JACK: Fero, are you communicating this to us?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, I’m communicating it to you, again.

JACK: I no longer want to talk to these people. 

KEITH: Okay, and, fucking, is Greggy still here?

AUSTIN: Greggy left like very quietly, in this moment. 

KEITH: Fuck, shit, ah, goddamnit. 

AUSTIN: He kind of like, wait wait, he kind of, again, while you were listening he kind of does one of those things where like, he stood up and patted you on the shoulder a little bit? Do you know what I mean like-

KEITH: So he wasn’t trying to sneak out.

AUSTIN: No, he didn’t sneak out. He knew you were, yeah, yeah. He gave you a kind of like-

JACK: It’s just like, “Alright, peace.”

AUSTIN: “Peace,” like, “It’s time for us to all go and all slip out of this the way we need to” and “we’re in this together” sort of pat. 

KEITH: Okay, so I, I definitely would like to leave this place with Hella and Lem. 

AUSTIN: Okay, I think Lem has to be the one here to really try to lead the sneak out, unless you’re going in opposite directions which, really like, Lem is the one in danger, is what I’m gonna say. So, how do you guys try to get out of this room, starting with Lem?

JACK: Fero, so the stuff we revealed about things that are not what they seem to be was the hooded creatures, right? The, the hooded figures. 

KEITH: The hooded figures yeah.

AUSTIN: Also Greggy. 

KEITH: Also Greggy.

JACK: Also Greggy, and also Hella. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

JACK: Austin, did, was that all, was that all that Ke- The question is what here is not what it appears to be-

AUSTIN: Yeah, what is not-

KEITH: I could, I mean, I don’t know what your- what-

JACK: If these-

KEITH: If this ends up being a roll, of some kind, for you to try to sneak out of here, Jack, I don’t know what your- I mean, I don’t know what the roll is gonna end up being, but maybe dexterity and I don’t think you have a high DEX, right?

JACK: I have a, I have a pretty, pretty damn average DEX. 

KEITH: Okay. Eh, we’ll probably be fine. 

JACK: So, I’m really really curious about these hooded figures, but there’s- If they’re searching for me I think it’s probably in my best interest that I leave.

AUSTIN: How are you leaving? So for one, on that matter, one, how are you leaving? Two, Fero and Hella, are you leaving, also, at this moment?

KEITH: Unless, Hella, unless you want to stay here and listen with me and, so that I’ve got, someone’s got my back in case they attack me for being near Lem, since he left? But I think, I think Ja-, yeah I think we’re gonna leave, we’re gonna leave probably. 

ALI: I mean, we can like stay and if they question us I can be like “Oh we didn’t see him.”

JACK: Is there any chance?

ALI: If he needs cover while he sneaks out.

JACK: Yeah, would you mind if I asked that of you? We haven’t known each other for very long, well Fero, I mean, we’re bros.

KEITH: No, yeah we’re cool. 

ALI: No I can take them. 

JACK: Fero, I’m particularly curious about the, about the hooded figures, in particular. But, like, that’s, that’s super great of you, thank you. 

KEITH: Yeah, I’ll, I hang b-

JACK: You don’t have to do this. So, I go over to the bartender, who, presumably, I’ve been getting on alright with? Based on what we established earlier? And I’d like to tap him on the shoulder and be like:

LEM: l Hey, is there a, is there a way out that’s not, not through the front entrance, you know. If a show goes bad or if the patrons are being a bit rowdy, you know, is there, is there a way out here? 

BARTENDER: You could, I mean, you could take your chances through the front door and just kind of like - 

AUSTIN: Do you have anything covering your face? I’m going to say this room is fairly dark, but like it’s not like its been - 

JACK: No, I don’t think so. 

AUSTIN: If you -- yeah. I guess again, so there’s a bunch of ways you can do this. If you’re trying to slip out quietly, the stairs probably make the most sense to you. But, like, that requires being on the rooftops, there isn’t a nice way down from upstairs.

JACK: Hmmm. 

AUSTIN: And you’re not sure if they’ll go check upstairs. Maybe they won’t. Maybe you could just hide up out there for the rest of the night and be fine.

JACK: I think I’m going to try and go upstairs, but before I go, I’d just like to tip the bartender a wink, you know, like, ‘thanks for putting up with me and all this bullshit.’

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: So what do you want me to roll?

AUSTIN: Nothing, 

JACK: Would you like me to roll?

AUSTIN: You go upstairs, that’s fine. You slip upstairs quickly, in this case -- Actually, hmm, 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: These guys are really good. Yeah, let’s go ahead and roll. Are you trying to do it quickly? Or like, I guess DEX is probably the thing here, is what you said.

JACK: I’m trying to do it quickly and quietly.

AUSTIN: Yeah, thats DEX.

JACK: Okay, here we go.

AUSTIN: That’s 2d6 plus DEX, I keep - I just left the page, that was a mistake, okay. 

JACK: So that’s, my DEX score is 0, so-

AUSTIN: Yup, straight 2d6. 

JACK: Oh -

AUSTIN: But not like that. 

KEITH: Nope. 

JACK: Shhh… 7.

AUSTIN: Okay. So with defy danger, whoops, one second, wuh-oh… why did I lose everything? Oh oh oh, sorry, I have to clear this-

JACK: Is that an existential question? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I’ve Lost It All. No, I’m okay, I just, my web page got all weird for a second. Okay, so you can - let me look at your sheet really quick.

JACK: I’ve forgotten you can do that. This is like the conductor being able to see the score for all the other musicians in the orchestra.

AUSTIN: It is, it’s very useful.

CONDUCTOR: I can see the clarinet part.

AUSTIN: You can get away quickly, but you’ve already left the table when you realize that your fiddle in its case is still on the table.

JACK: Oh no! 

AUSTIN: So you get away. You can go upstairs fine, if you want. Or you can go back for the fiddle 

JACK: I’m going back for that fiddle. 

KEITH: Wait - do I notice the fiddle? 

AUSTIN: Sure, yeah - I mean, it’s still on the table, yeah. 

KEITH: If I were to grab it and like, sling it across my back, would Lem notice and be okay with that? Or

AUSTIN: That’s up to - you tell me, do you do that?

KEITH: Yeah, I’m gonna do that.

AUSTIN: Okay. Lem, when you turn back around, when you realize it, you see - 

KEITH: And then I’m going to turn my back, I’m going to turn my back so it’s facing Lem. So that if he wants to come up and grab it, he can do that. 

JACK: I trust Fero. I’m gonna make a move. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: You know, on the hand I put a lot on the line for this instrument and I care a lot about it. That’s why I stole it. But at the same time the thing that i’m losing is just the way to play the music. I can play the music on other stuff. 

AUSTIN: Sure. You’ll figure it out. 

JACK: Yeah. It’s just a violin. 

AUSTIN: And hey - it’s Fero.

JACK: Yeah, you know, I trust Fero a lot.

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so you go upstairs. Is that what you’re saying?

JACK: Yes, that’s what I’m saying.

AUSTIN: I wasn’t 100% sure. So, you go upstairs and it’s the same room you stayed in the night before which is a fairly - not quaint, what is the word I’m looking for - just like

KEITH: Sparse? 

JACK: Homely? 

AUSTIN: Those are both good words. Like, there’s not much here. You don’t carry much with you and they don’t provide much here, but there is a kind of care put into what is there that makes you feel safe the second you step upstairs. On the other hand, soon the cloaked figures and the Guards come over to you. You guys can tell immediately - Hella and Fero can tell immediately that the Guards don’t really - they feel like this is a waste of their time, there aren’t that many Guards in this town, do they really have to be out looking for some Orc Bard, ya know?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: So one of the Guards steps forward, with kind of a sigh, and his hand is like low, near his sword but not in an aggressive manner. In a kind of a dutiful manner. 

KEITH: Yeah

AUSTIN: Sorry to bother you fine folks this evening, we’re out, we’re looking for a man, he’s an orc about yea high, two tusks, you know, has a fiddle, very noticeable man. Not many orcs play the fiddle, Ha! 

GUARD: Have you seen anything, have you seen anybody like this?

FERO: Nah, was he with anyone?

GUARD: Yeah, he was with a group of people, I mean, he worked, did some good work the other day I hear. But, uh - 

AUSTIN: And one of the figures kind of like looks over at him, and you can see underneath the cloaks on the hooded figures is, one of them has like, not shiny - but like, metallic? In my mind, there’s matte, there’s the kind of like shiny, pearlescent and stuff - but in between there, there’s a kind of natural sheen to metal. He has on like black plate armor, and the other person has on lots of leather straps and bags, very similar in wear to what Lem wears normally.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: And under the cloaks you can see their faces are larger than human faces, a bit.

KEITH: Alright.

AUSTIN: You suspect these are orcs. 

FERO: Yeah, we just came up from Rosemarrow, this is my companion, so we haven’t been here long. We’re just stopping in, taking a drink.

GUARD: Ah you’re both from Rosemarrow then?

FERO: I’m from Rosemarrow, she’s just coming with me.

GUARD: Where were you? Where are you from? What were you doing down in Rosemarrow?

HELLA: Just hanging out with this guy. 

GUARD: Ahhh, you two young lovers, I see how it is, you went for a halfling, huh? 

AUSTIN: And he gives you a little, like

KEITH: I give him a wink, and I kind of nudge him, like “Eh?”

ALI: I shrug, casually. 

AUSTIN: Give me - it sounds like what is, is defy danger, charisma?

KEITH: Okay

AUSTIN: Lets do a, lets do a - definitely Fero, but then but then if you’d like to aid/interfere, it sounds like you’re aiding this

KEITH: I would love to be aided since I do not have a charisma modifier. 

AUSTIN: Sure. So, who’s this first roll? That’s a good roll 

KEITH: That’s me. 11. Great.

AUSTIN: Well, then we don’t even need to roll that aid. 

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: So yeah, you’ve defied - they are - the soldier at this point is kind of like - Oh, alright. Okay I’m happy with this. Let’s get out of here and stop bugging these people. In fact, that’s what he says to the two orcs that he’s with - 

GUARD: Uh, let’s stop bugging these people, let’s get out of here. A nice place like this, you won’t find your boy here

AUSTIN: So they turn and leave. Upstairs, Lem, you can see them from your window sneaking away. Outside, the larger one takes his hood off and you immediately recognize him as Morbash. Who is -

KEITH: That’s a good name 

JACK: Good name. 

AUSTIN: - who is one of the curators - I’m trying to think of a good name for what this group does. Like, they’re basically repo men. Right, they go out - 

JACK: Oh! 

AUSTIN: So like, Reclaimment or something? What do you - do you have a name for this?

JACK: Yeah - I’ve been calling them the collectors? But, I think colloquially they’re called the Armed Wing.

AUSTIN: Yeah, okay.

JACK: Because they’re the orcs that, you know, do their business, without charisma rolls, lets say.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s fair. So you recognize the large one in the plate armor as that. 

JACK: Is he the leader of the collector troupe? 

AUSTIN: No -- Yeah, he’s the leader of a collector troupe, exactly. But he goes off on his own often to do this sort of like, 

JACK: Do I have a history with him?

AUSTIN: I don’t know, do you?

JACK: Are you not supposed to answer that? 

AUSTIN: Nah, we’re supposed to answer that, ya know? 

KEITH: Sorry Jack, what was the question? 

JACK: Do I have a history with Morbash.

KEITH: Oh, yeah. 

JACK: As a collector?

KEITH: Do you?

JACK: I don’t think of Lem as necessarily a collector, or perhaps? 

AUSTIN: No, but you’ve lived in this place so it’s feasible, right, right. 

JACK: Plus he’s comparatively young as well, so i think a lot of Lem’s politics are pretty - not necessarily well defined yet. 

AUSTIN: Sure, sure. You might know him as - you certainly know him as a public figure in the New Archive, right?

JACK: Yeah - I think maybe I - I think maybe I went to one of his talks once? He gave a talk, because of course, you know - even though he’s a collector, he’s an archivist through and through.

AUSTIN: Sure, sure. Even the Armed Wing. Yeah, right, right. 

JACK: And I think I went to one of his talks, and he signed a book of mine afterwards. And I remember disagreeing with a great deal of what he was saying. But I think deep down part of me was kind of excited to see him talking. 

AUSTIN: Taking notes, sorry, as always.

JACK: That’s okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah I like that, I like that a lot. Well, now he’s hunting for you, so.

JACK: Yeah, gee, great. 

AUSTIN: You know - here’s a thing you know about him from reputation alone: he won’t stop. He knows you’re here, in this city at least. 

JACK: So I’m pretty freaked out by this. 

AUSTIN: And he’s likely accounted for - you know, by this time tomorrow, there won’t be a way out. The news will be closed, you know? 

JACK: Alright, yeah. 

AUSTIN: So if you’re going to leave, it has to be now. And you have to figure out how to make that happen. You have that thought in your head upstairs. 

JACK: I have to figure out? Or everybody has to figure out? 

AUSTIN: I mean - You have that thought, in your head upstairs, you think, 

AUSTIN as Lem: I have to get out of here, we - I have to figure this out, we have to figure this out, whatever.

AUSTIN: So, they’ve left, everyone can go upstairs, everyone can be together again if you’d like to plan this out

KEITH: Yup. 

JACK: I’m sorry - Is there any chance I could really quickly go to the bathroom and Keith could edit this stupid bit out? 

AUSTIN: Sure, sounds good. 

KEITH: Sure. 

JACK: Keith, I don’t believe you.

AUSTIN: I’m going to eat another cookie. 

KEITH: No, I’m totally going to edit it out.

JACK: Keith, I don’t believe you.

KEITH: I’m gonna edit it out! 

ALI: There’s not going to be something interesting here.

JACK: Keith, raise your right hand - Ugh, Keith has done this before.

KEITH: Right hand raised. Right Hand Raised! 

JACK: Alright, one second. 

KEITH: Okay. Wait, am I not gonna, like, swear an oath? I have this hand raised.

AUSTIN: He just wants you to hold your hand up.

KEITH: He just wants me to hold my hand up. I’m holding it up, I swear I am. I - oh, that’s what I’ll swear. 

KEITH: I swear, upon my right raised hand that my right raised hand is raised.

ALI: This is hilarious, you can’t cut this out.

AUSTIN: Now you have to leave it in. 

KEITH: No, I have to.

AUSTIN: You have to leave it in now. 

KEITH: I can’t, I promised that I would cut it out. 

ALI: Yeah, your promises don’t mean that much. 

KEITH: They mean a ton! My word is oak. My word is my bond.

ALI: Nope.

KEITH: Yeah! Why - it’s like, okay - hold on. Why do I have this reputation all of a sudden?

AUSTIN: You didn’t cut that thing out of the first episode.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: I just… forgot all about it.

AUSTIN: Yep.

ALI: Sure. 

KEITH: What was it - what was it that I said I would cut out? 

ALI: Austin messing up the outro, I think?

AUSTIN: That sounds right.

ALI: Yeah. He like, started speaking and just jumbled it. And then we were like “we’ll cut this” and then we started again but it’s all on there.

KEITH: Oh! Yeah yeah yeah. Well, what my plan was -

AUSTIN: Uh huh? 

KEITH: to make like, an edit noise, like I was gonna edit it out, but then leave it in anyway. So I was just going to do a higher production version of not editing it out. Or maybe cut it out and put it after the outro song.

ALI: and… that’s why we all think that you’re a liar.

AUSTIN: That’s why. 

KEITH: I’m not a liar. 

ALI: Uh huh

AUSTIN: mmmm hmmmm 

KEITH: Wait, you said ‘that’s why’ like that wasn’t why, like there’s more.

JACK: Sorry about that.

AUSTIN: Welcome back. Keith’s been holding his hand up in the air for you. 

JACK: Ah-- seriously? 

KEITH: Yeah I have not put it down yet, because you had me raise my hand but didn’t have me swear some oath.

JACK: Well, I mean, you know - that’s why I trust you. It was just a hand raising oath, really. 

AUSTIN: It was! 

KEITH: That’s what I did when you left! I did a hand raising oath! 

JACK: Also, I just wanted to - 

KEITH: I swear by my right raised hand that my hand raised - my right hand raised - my right right - 

JACK: Is this a tongue twister?

AUSTIN: Yup. Uh huh.

KEITH: - right raised hand is raised - it is now. It wasn’t when I first said it, it was off the cuff.

JACK: I also just wanted to say that like, this is super cool. This is a fun activity to do with friends.

AUSTIN: It is.

ALI: Yeah - this is fun and good. 

KEITH: Yup.

JACK: Fun And Good.

AUSTIN: So how are you going to escape from being murdered?

JACK: Wait - 

KEITH: I want to leave now. I want to show it to a - I want to use that ring, show it to a dude. Get

JACK: Wait, who has the ring? 

KEITH: I have the ring.

AUSTIN: I think Fero has the ring.

JACK: Okay. Um - 

AUSTIN: But let’s say you’re all together, you’re all together in the bedroom that Lem had rented. But you’ll have to come up with a plan, like - how, so so - okay, I’m gonna - do you guys want to see the world map or the local map?

KEITH: Local map.

AUSTIN: Okay, you’re on the local map currently. You should be, anyway.

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: You are - let me drop a - let me see if I can get like a, make a little mark really quick. Make sure I’m on the right - this system is really cool because there are different layers. Right now I’m on the objects and tokens layer. I can just do like, a nice little, lets see here - 

JACK: This is the segment for Austin Geeking Out About Roll20 

AUSTIN: Yeah - you guys are there, let’s say.

KEITH: Okay. 

JACK: Oh god, this is actually pretty cool. 

AUSTIN: Yeah - I know. And, I mean, you have a bunch of ways to try to leave this space. 

KEITH: Yeah and - 

AUSTIN: I drew - for people listening, I drew a red X near the main thoroughfare through the Fish district which is the main - where people live, where people work in Velas at this point, but just off the side of it a little bit.

KEITH: How would you guys feel about heading to the west docks, getting a boat to the fields? Getting a boat going through that sort of area, past - circumventing the rest of the burg and going to, kind of swooping into the fields, getting dropped off there and then heading back onto the main road? 

ALI: That sounds good, we should stay - 

AUSTIN: Actually, one second - I do just want to show you all the big map, so you can think about your long-term plan here too. And I’ll just kind of narrate different - not narrate, but 

KEITH: Okay -

JACK: Also - 

AUSTIN: So, you’re in Velas now, the north-west corner of this map. This map is available at friendsatthetable.net for people to see - and I’ll also try and put it in the YouTube video that you can find at Streamfriends.tv - 

JACK: It’s an amazing map.

AUSTIN: It is.

KEITH: It’s a great map. 

AUSTIN: One of my favorite thing about this map - so, Jeanine Hawkins, who you can find at twitch.tv/bleatingheart or at twitter.com/bleatingheart. B-L-E-A-T-I-N-G heart - is the way this north west quadrant looks like a face? It’s my fave. It’s my favorite thing. She didn’t do it on purpose but - 

KEITH: Oh! The nose, the nose coming out, I see that. Yeah! 

AUSTIN: The nose, and the mouth, and Velas is in the forehead, do you see that? Effectively you could - there’s a lot of ways down to that red mark. So there’s a red mark down where the forest is on this map, which is at the zoom level we’re in, one two -- so, Velas takes up a whole tile, let’s say. Right?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And then like one, two, three, four, five - Six tiles down, and three tiles over, or two tiles over. So it’s a pretty -

KEITH: We could - 

AUSTIN: - big distance. So the ways that I think you could go - there’s a bunch of ways you could go.

KEITH: Yeah, it looks like the two easiest ways, because we don’t want to pass through the Mark of the Erasure, probably. 

AUSTIN: No, no.

KEITH: So it looks like the two easiest ways, probably south of Velas, and then east, over towards Rosemarrow - or maybe like sort of a diagonal southeast kind of movement. Or going - taking a boat between the coast - between Ordenna and the main continent shore, and then hit the coast, because Rosemarrow is also on the coast.

JACK: I have a bonus to perilous - I have a map of this northwest quadrant. 

AUSTIN: That will help regardless of which way you go. 

JACK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: That - both of those ways will help with that roll. So yeah, you could rent a boat and take it down this straight, kind of. For listeners, Ordenna is kind of an Island that runs along this whole northwestern coast of the continent of Hieron. And it stops kind of at the chin of this face, if that makes sense? It’s kind of like a face in profile is how I kind of see it. About four tiles south of Velas is where it stops, and there’s a straight that runs between the continent and the island of Ordenna that they could definitely take a boat down. And yeah, you could also just - you know, Fero, that there are roads that run between - there’s kind of one major road that runs between Velas and Rosemarrow. 

LEM: I don’t want to take that road. 

AUSTIN: But you haven’t been on it in a long time. Both of these - there are also other ways that you would be kind of - there are ways you could be kind of stealthy about going down that way? Like, I’m sure Fero in his many adventures has been up and down that way.

LEM: Fero, 

FERO: Yeah, I know all about this area. 

LEM: How much do you know about Morbash? I know you spent time with us, but - 

FERO: I mean, I mostly - since I mostly lived - I didn’t live inside the thing with you guys -

LEM: ‘the thing’ - you’re talking about my home here.

FERO: I kind of hung out on my own. Yeah, I didn’t hang out in that place, in your cave, in your big cave thing that you guys got. 

ALI: Oh, boy.

KEITH: No no no no, hold on, this is - Jack very specifically said that the New Archives was ‘hollowed out into the side of a mountain.’

JACK: That’s different to ‘your cave’

AUSTIN: It’s pretty different. 

JACK: Keith, the actual house that I’m living in right now is not hollowed out, but it is just stone built into some rectangles. But I wouldn’t call it a stone rectangle cave. 

FERO: No, but like, I’m not saying - listen, all I had, was the fuckin’ - I slept on a rock.

FERO: I slept on a rock on top of your cave.

LEM: How much do you know about Morbash? 

FERO: I don’t really know anything about Morbash. 

LEM: Alright, so here’s what I’m - 

FERO: I’ve seen Morbash and his - and the collectors. I see them leaving and coming from the Archives, always traveling in groups, always traveling with big, heavy armor and angry looking weapons. 

LEM: Okay, so I’m gonna tell you right now that these guys mean business. They absolutely mean business in a big way. We have whole sections of the Archives dedicated to political documents about whether or not their actions are justified. And not their actions as a group? Like, loads of these documents are about Morbash. So, what I’m saying is - 

FERO: I - well, here 

LEM: what I’m saying is - Fero, in planning for this, we can’t just travel here like its - like, you know - they’re going to be thinking about how we’re going to be traveling here, and I wanted to convey that to you. 

FERO: Well, they think you’re in the city?

LEM: Uh, I don’t know.

HELLA: Well, 

FERO: I would say that prob - the safest way, in terms of not getting caught, is taking a boat. But the safest way, in terms of not, you know, crashing and sinking and drowning, is to not take a boat. 

HELLA: I travel those seas all the time, we’ll be fine. 

KEITH: I don’t like oceans.

HELLA: We’ll be fine.

FERO: It’s not a fun thing for me.

LEM: I’m tempted to go with Hella here, if only because overland is something that I - that I find discomforting. Also, I don’t know how much Morbash has researched the people we’ve been traveling with? He might know that Fero is not particularly fond of oceans, which might mean that traveling by ocean is actually our best bet.

HELLA: Yeah - bottom line here - 

FERO: Well, I think that if - if they knew that you were traveling with me, a halfling that looks all, with like leaves everywhere and hasn’t showered ever.

AUSTIN: Oh boy. 

FERO: and a super tall fighter who has a very specific sword, i think that they might have been more suspicious of us, of a halfling and a fighter hanging out. 

HELLA: Well, no no no, we have to stay off the roads. 

LEM: We have to.

HELLA: And also, if they are looking for us, you told that guy where you’re from. 
	
LEM: You literally did.

HELLA: They’re going to be looking for us on those roads, specifically. 

LEM: This is going to be a raising of the Shire situation. 

FERO: But they, but they - no no no, but they don’t - they - I - A random stranger that has no connection to this whole thing said that he was from Rosemarrow. Right? Like, they didn’t leave that going, ‘That’s the guy!’ Like, they didn’t - 

AUSTIN: No, but you know, you know how these people are. 

HELLA: But they might put two and two together.

AUSTIN: Right. 

HELLA: They could ask someone else, who could-

LEM: If there is one thing orcs are good at doing, it’s putting two and two together.

AUSTIN: I mean, I mean, listen. Here’s what you - you all know, for a fact, that at - you could put together clearly that those are city guards, being forced to work with the New Archivists. Which means anything the city knows, the New Archivists will know quickly. They might not know it yet - but they have access to that information. Do you know what I mean?

FERO I mean, we can take a boat if you guys want. But boats are stupid, and we could walk. 

HELLA: I vote boat. 

LEM: I vote boat. I vote boat.

HELLA: I can protect you guys. It’ll be fine.

AUSTIN: Alright, alright, lets - 

FERO: You can’t protect us from big old - 

LEM: Plus, from a practical perspective - 

AUSTIN: Uh-huh - okay.

FERO: Here’s where you can protect us: you can protect us from people coming out, bandits and New Archivists, coming out with swords. You can’t protect us from a giant wave that breaks the boat and we sink and drown and die.

HELLA: We’re gonna be fine - I travel those seas literally all the time. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so you and - 

LEM: Look, Fero, you know, I super trust Fero but at the same time I think Hella is absolutely talking sense here. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so - I guess the thing now is you have to get to a boat. We have to have a boat captain. How are you finding a boat captain? 

KEITH: I was thinking that we were going to sneak over to the west docks, find someone who looked like they were leaving, show them that ring, and be like ‘hey, we need to come with you, where are you going.’

AUSTIN: Sure. Okay, so you - 

KEITH: If we have - I tell them - 

FERO: If we need to wind up having to pay for this, I’m not paying, this was not my idea. 

AUSTIN: You end up finding your way down to the west docks, which are a collection of docks - this map Isn’t final, the one you’re seeing now, Jeanine is, again, making us a really nice map of Velas, this is work-in-progress - and let’s say down near - you spend some time trying to find someone who’s leaving, but it’s so late at night that, like, very few people are doing that. But! In a little tavern - sorry, in a little pub - 

KEITH: - In a little cantina 

AUSTIN: You find an old friend of yours, Captain Calhoun. 

JACK: Oh, man. 

KEITH: Ah, Calhog. 

AUSTIN: He is pretty drunk. 

KEITH: Perfect! 

AUSTIN: How ya guys doin? He has drunk away almost, probably, he also made 50 coin on that. 

KEITH: Yeah, I was gonna steal that from him.

AUSTIN: It might be gone already. You can tell, he’s pretty deep into it. It’s been two days of partying, boozing, feeling good.

FERO: Buddy, how’s your ship?

CALHOUN: Ah, Ah - it’s good, ya know, we patched it up. Bounced off a couple rocks there, everything, everything's good though. 

FERO: Can you - can we go take a load off - can we go take a look at it? 

CALHOUN: Yeah - Boat Party!

FERO: Boat Party! We’re gonna have a fuckin’ Boat Party with Calhoun! 

AUSTIN: And he waves his hand with the people in the pub, like, to follow him? And your group goes with you to the boat, to his boat.

KEITH: And the people in the pub are his crew? Not just people … in the pub

AUSTIN: Good question. So you’re at the boat - 

ALI: Ah, boy.

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: And he kind of lights it up, and there’s like, yeah, he lights it up, no, he - lanterns are on, there is some singing, there is some dancing, and the boats in good shape! He seems socially lubricated.

FERO: Fuckin - Calhoun! Do you want to go on a boat trip? Do you wanna take this thing out!? 

CALHOUN: Where do you wanna go? 

FERO: Well, let’s fuckin go down to Rosemarrow! That place sounds nice.

CALHOUN: Rosemarrow’s really far. I don’t - 

HELLA: No - 

FERO: It’ll be - but listen to the name, Rosemarrow. Doesn’t that sound good? Rosemarrow.

CALHOUN: Rosemarrow. 

HELLA: Do you want to make more money with us, bud? Come on? 

CALHOUN: wha-wha-wha?

AUSTIN: He like, stops when Hella says “money.” He like, does a “Shhh” on Fero and pushes his finger up against Fero.

FERO: He was going for it without money.

CALHOUN: Money? Ah, Yes! What sort of - what sort of money - what sort of money are we talking?

FERO: Well, that gold was cool, right? 

CALHOUN: That gold was great. 

FERO: Gold is great! We’ll have some of that gold.

HELLA: Yeah - we’re going to a place, like last time-

JACK: Have we tried showing him the ring?

ALI: Oh. 

KEITH: I don’t think we even need to. 

JACK: Wait, no - If our options are “pay him money” or “show him a ring”

KEITH: Good point.

ALI: No no no no, we’re not paying him, I’m just saying 

HELLA: We’re going to another place, like last time. We’re looking for a thing for a guy, there could be more gold? And if you take us, we’ll give you some. We’ll give you a better cut. 

CALHOUN: There are only four of us this time, four of us this time. 

FERO: Yeah! There’s only four of us this time, which means you’ll get even more. 

CALHOUN: Which means I get …. 4% cut. So, that sounds good.

HELLA & CALHOUN: Yeah! 

FERO: Exactly, you get FOUR percent 

AUSTIN: And he shakes your hand, like he’s making out-

FERO: Yeah! So, do you want to go to Rosemarrow?

CALHOUN: Rosemarrow. 

FERO: Rosemarrow. 

CALHOUN: What do we get, at Rosemarrow? 

FERO: Four percent of gold.

CALHOUN: Four percent of Rosemarrow’s gold? 

FERO: Four percent of the gold we get from Rosemarrow. 

CALHOUN: Alright, alright. Boat Party! 

FERO: Boat Party! 

AUSTIN: He calls again, and he does, like, a hand signal - 

KEITH: Any time he says “Boat Party!” I also yell “Boat Party” with him. 

JACK: Okay, boss. 

AUSTIN: Alright, so you - 

JACK: I super love that Austin presented us with a character we needed to get us to do something, and- and I didn’t need to roll “charming and open” once.

AUSTIN: You know, it’s -

KEITH: He’s wasted.

AUSTIN: You’ve decided to be on a boat, captained by a super drunk dude. That’s on y’all, I don't - I mean, that’s fine. 

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah… we’re good. 

JACK: Before we set off, could i - 

AUSTIN: Sure. 

LEM: Fero is there any - well, firstly, can I have my violin back, please?

FERO: Oh! yeah, of course, here. 

LEM: Also, is there any - 

FERO: It’s very nice, by the way. 

LEM: Did you play it ?? Is it out of tune? 

FERO: no! I just took a look at it! 

HELLA: He didn’t play it, don’t worry. 

LEM: Okay - it just takes hours to tune. Can I take a look at the ring, please?

FERO: Oh yeah! Here, here. 

JACK: So I’m going to reference my bardic lore on this, if possible. 

KEITH: I swear to god, I thought you were going to say “I’m going to...keep this.” I was like “wait - fuck you!”

JACK: I’m going to reference my bardic lore on this, please. I’d like to cast my mind back and see if in the documentation of heraldic symbols and sigils in the New Archives, I recognize this symbol on this ring. Is that a fair question?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think so. There’s no roll on this, right? You just get to know this? This is bardic lore, it’s just like you get this.

JACK: No. Mhmm. You have to answer truthfully, Austin. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I do. I’m trying to decide if you - if that place would know it. 

JACK: Yeah, I mean there’s a very good chance that I just don’t have anything in the Archives on it at all.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but there is something interesting here. You know this ring is too new for this to be true, Right? 

JACK: How do I know that?

AUSTIN: Based on the make of it. Right? Like, you know - You’ve held enough gold rings.

KEITH: the serial - you can tell from the serial code.

AUSTIN: You can tell from the make of it. It isn’t an ancient ring. 

JACK: Even though it’s masquerading being one. 

AUSTIN: It’s not masquerading being one - it’s not, at all - but the marking is from - you think some group of, elven... like, pre-fall, pre-erasure elven magic-users of some sort. They didn’t really... they weren’t… they weren’t like the new University exactly, but they were also interested in that sort of research. They weren’t a public group where you went and studied, do you know what I mean?

JACK: Right.

AUSTIN: They were kind of a secret research... circle - kind of like if you were part of an email ring today. Lots of letter sending, lot’s of shared research, kind of like a - the other thing would be like, in a university, you might find a group of researchers who is all part of one big research project? 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And they… I don't know how much the Archives know about what they were doing. But you know that it was that. And I think you probably even know what the three lines stand for.

JACK: What does it stand for? 

AUSTIN: Which are - it’s past, present and future.

JACK: Alright. So I’m going to share this information with everybody else. Cool. 

FERO: Yeah. Can I have the ring back? 

LEM: Yes, of course, of course. Just, just, we know from Fero’s investigations earlier that Greggy wasn’t exactly what he seems to be, so I just wanted to share what I could get from this ring.

FERO: Yeah! I mean, dude maybe not what he seems to be, but also seems like an alright guy? I mean, he didn’t like, try to sneak out on us or shit.

LEM: Right, dude - 

FERO: Like, if he had tried to sneak out, I would be like a little bit worried.

JACK: Sure: But this is Dun- 

FERO: But now I’m still, I still feel like he’s at least - even if he’s not on the level, he’s not on a level that is dangerous to us, and is probably still useful and helpful.

JACK: This is also Dungeon World, though. Run by Austin. And I don’t know if, quotes “Somebody being friendly” is the basic level for trusting them.

FERO: Not that he’s friendly - he’s just - he didn’t try to immediately pull the wool over our eyes.

LEM: That’s true, yeah.

HELLA: I mean, do we trust what he says? 

JACK: Not particularly. I don’t.

FERO: I, well, I trust that there’s another tower where he said there’s another tower and I want to go to another tower. 

HELLA: Okay - are we giving him this book?

FERO: Eh, I don’t know yet.

LEM: My plan is to double cross him.

AUSTIN: Do you say that openly, right here, with everybody?

JACK: Yes. Yes.

KEITH: With everybody? Or with just the three of us?

AUSTIN: Sorry, that’s what I - with just the three of you. Just the three of you

JACK: Okay.

KEITH:... I don’t know. What would you do with the book, Jack?

LEM: It depends on our experience with it within the tower. You have to remember, I was pretty pro-destruction of the book in the tower. And so… I don’t know. I might feel the same way about this one.

HELLA: So long as you’re not giving it to Fantasmo, right?

LEM: The two things that I am 100% planning on not doing are giving it to Fantasmo and giving it to the Archives. 

HELLA: Okay

FERO: Okay. Alright. That’s fair.

LEM: Also, I could come round on not double-crossing this guy. I just - ya know

FERO: It depends, maybe we’ll learn something about him. Anyway, let’s go. 

AUSTIN: Alright.

FERO: Calhoun! Boat Party! 

CALHOUN: Boat Party!

FERO: Whoo! Boat Party! 

AUSTIN: He does a little spin of his finger, and you realize quickly that the way he says “Boat Party” communicates more than you thought. Like, this time when he says it, some people swing into action and start, okay! The sails are up, they’re leaving dock. People are still drinking, people are still singing, this has been a really fun time for everybody, but it becomes clear pretty quickly that you are going to need to step up and become the people who actually run this journey.

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah. Because everybody’s super drunk.

AUSTIN: and because, come day time, everyone is going to be super hung over also.

KEITH: How many people does it take to run this boat?

ALI: Yeah, how many people are on the boat right now?

AUSTIN: I think - there’s probably 25 other people on this boat.

ALI: Are they - 

KEITH: And how many people does it take - what is the minimum amount to make them a usable boat?

AUSTIN: I don't know - 10? 15?

KEITH: 10? Okay, alright?

AUSTIN: You won’t run into trouble with the - the basic operations is not what’s 

KEITH: I’m gonna go around to people - 

AUSTIN: The basic operation is not what’s going to ruin this boat. They’ve done boat parties before, is what I’ll say-

KEITH: Yeah, they’ve had a boat party.

AUSTIN: They’ve had a boat party.

ALI: Wait - are there any people on this boat right now who aren’t a part of this crew?

AUSTIN: Yeah - you realize that well after you’ve left dock. But, there are some men and women here who some of the other men and women of this boat have brought on for fun.

ALI: Oh - 

KEITH: Okay, I’m gonna tell those people “go to bed.”

GUEST: But we’re having fun! 

FERO: No, it’s okay, go to bed, wake up - 

GUEST: No! 

FERO: - have a fuckin’ Sunrise Boat Party! If you go to bed now, Sunrise Boat Party!

GUEST: But if - What if we just take the Boat Party downstairs?

FERO: You want to go take the Boat Party downstairs?

GUEST: Let’s take the Boat Party downstairsssss

FERO: Take the Boat Party downstairs, there’s beds down there. Have a Sunrise Boat Party in a couple hours?

HELLA: Yeah, just do us a favor and stay downstairs.

AUSTIN: A nice - a very nice looking dude puts his arm around you, and give your head, your hair a little scrunch. 

SAILOR: Eh, beds downstairs, bud? You wanna, eh ?

FERO: Beds - 

AUSTIN: He gives you a little wink, and starts to like, pull you downstairs with them - 

FERO: No nonononono. 

SAILOR: Eh? 

FERO: Like, for sleeping! We’re gonna go sleep.

SAILOR: Oh. 

FERO: You know what, you go down there, you hang out, maybe we’ll come down later.

SAILOR: Alright, Boat Party. 

FERO: Boat Party. 

AUSTIN: So they go - at this point, let’s make a perilous journey roll? 

JACK: Okay. What do these do?

AUSTIN: These are interesting. If you go to your - these probably aren’t on your Roll20 sheets, cause it’s a special move, they don’t come up very often. They’re on your special moves sheet. Perilous journey says - let me find it here it’s not on this either - ah, here it is. 

JACK: It’s not on basic moves.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s on special moves, on the other side. “When you travel through hostile territory” which you are “choose one member of the party to act as trailblazer, one to scout ahead, and one to be quartermaster. The same character can not have two jobs.If you don’t have enough party members, or choose not to assign a job, treat that job as if it had rolled a 6. Each character with a job to do and rolls+Wis. On a 10 plus, the quartermaster reduces the number of rations required by one. On a 10 plus, the trailblazer reduces the amount of time it takes to reach your destination - the GM will say by how much- On a 10 plus, the scout will spot any trouble quick enough to let you get the drop on it. On a 7–9, each role performs their job as expected: the normal number of rations are consumed, the journey takes about as long as expected, no one gets the drop on you but you don’t get the drop on them either.” So - 

KEITH: I wanted to say, that I don’t have to consume any rations. 

AUSTIN: That’s good for you. But, the rest of this boat does, you know what I mean?

KEITH: Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: So that’s good for you, that you don’t have to, if someone fails, but not for them.

KEITH: Yeah that’s what I mean.

ALI: I have a telescope, so I should probably be our scout?

AUSTIN: Sound’s good.

JACK: Oh! Cool, what does the telescope do?

ALI: Gives me plus 1 on perilous journey rolls.

JACK: Oh great. 

ALI: Which is good, because I have negative 1 Wisdom.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that means you’ll just be rolling a flat 2d6.

KEITH: I have plus 2 wisdom.

AUSTIN: So which task are people taking up here?

JACK: I think - hmm

AUSTIN: And Jack, remember, you have that map, don’t you? So you also get plus one?

JACK: Yeah, so - I’ll be a trailblazer, if nobodies voting otherwise?

AUSTIN: That’s a weird - that’s like a weird thing to think through on a boat? Like that doesn’t exist?

JACK: Yeah, I was about to ask about that. 

AUSTIN: Like, the scout makes sense

KEITH: You gonna go up in the crow’s nest?

AUSTIN: I think that’s probably the scout - 

JACK: Scout

AUSTIN: or the - what’s the actual name, is it scout? It’s the quartermaster, the trailblazer… oh it is scout. So that’s the scout - oh, you know what you’re doing, Jack? I think the trailblazer in this case is, and this makes sense for you. Lem is reading the current maps, the maps of the currents 

JACK: Oh, cool.

AUSTIN: Looking out for storms, trying to plot the safest route through this harsh straight. Trying to make sure you catch the right currents and don’t get caught by any rogue waves or anything like that. Which I guess leaves Fero to be the quartermaster?

KEITH: Sure.

AUSTIN: Cooking up some meals for people, you don’t eat, but - 

FERO: I don’t eat, but I’m a great cook.

HELLA: Yeah, he’s supposed to be crowd control, anyway.

FERO: I’m a really good cook.

JACK: “I’m a really great cook, despite having not imbibed food for my entire life” 

FERO: I have eaten, I just don’t need to, and I don’t like to

AUSTIN: That’s all.

FERO: Yeah. Sometimes the mood strikes me, and I’m like “I’m gonna have a sandwich! I haven’t had a sandwich in five years”

AUSTIN: We can’t talk about food - Listen, we can not talk about food right now, I’m

KEITH: Like a delicious brown mustard - 

AUSTIN: I am so close to being out of food in my life right now.

KEITH: Oh, yeah, me too. Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Okay. So - how far do you think this is? We haven’t decided about the scale of this map, now that we have the final map. We talked about it being a couple US states big, or like the size of New York or something like that?

KEITH: And we’re going half way

AUSTIN: Right. That’s pretty far. Right?

KEITH: That’s super far

AUSTIN: But not impossibly far. Do you think this is like a week trip?

KEITH: This is like a week trip. Maybe - 

ALI: Do you think so?

KEITH: Maybe like 10 days.

AUSTIN: Let’s say - 

KEITH: Boats are slow. 

AUSTIN: Boats are slow. Let’s say 1 day per tile. How about that?

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Which I think is like one, two, three, four, fiveee? Let’s say seven. This is like about seven if you take some of these corners tight.

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: Well, do we want to maybe just like, get off at the Chin and then walk down?

KEITH: That would only make it five right? That’s not a big deal - 

AUSTIN: That would make it only five. Yeah. 

KEITH: And then we would have to walk the rest of the way which - 

JACK: Besides, part of what interests me about - 

AUSTIN: Ahhh - you could - the thing is, walking might be faster if you could be on those main roads and also you don’t have to worry about being on the ocean anymore. Remember, your character doesn’t like the ocean.

FERO: Yeah, I don’t like the ocean at all.

AUSTIN: So, it’s up to you guys. Either of these is fine by me, I have stuff, I have stuff. We’ll be fine.

KEITH: I’m saying yes, let’s get off at the Chin, I agree now.

JACK: Part of me, part of what I like about being on a boat - and I guess we get a lot of this, even if we get off at the Chin - is we get to see things on the shoreline as we travel. We get a sense of the world and what’s happening in it, or interesting things within the world, as we’re traveling.

AUSTIN: Right. 

KEITH: I feel like if the worst way to figure out what’s happening in the world is to be on a boat, cause then you’re not in the world.

AUSTIN: Great.

JACK: I’d be happy getting off at the chin, yeah.

ALI: We can hang towards the shore as we’re walking, though.

AUSTIN: Which shore? Ordenna’s or Hieron’s

ALI: No no no - Hireron’s. 

KEITH: Hieron’s 

AUSTIN: So you want to go this way? I’m drawing a - do you see this coming up on your map, guys? 

KEITH: No. 

AUSTIN: Are you guys on the wrong map?

KEITH: Nope. I’m seeing - 

ALI: Yeah - 

KEITH: Maybe you’re drawing underneath - 

AUSTIN: I think I might be drawing on -

JACK: I see it, I see it

KEITH: Oh I see now! I see now

AUSTIN: Let me get rid of the last one where I, like, picked the nose, I didn’t mean to do that at all. Uh-oh

JACK: I thought it was half an arrow?

KEITH: It looks like half an arrow to me.

AUSTIN: Yup Yeah, okay, that’s what I meant, half an arrow. Now it’s a whole arrow, let me move that up higher. Yup that’s an arrow. Okay, go ahead and make your rolls here.

KEITH: Alright.

AUSTIN: So that was…

KEITH: I‘ve got 11.

AUSTIN: so that means

KEITH: I’ve been rolling all 11s

AUSTIN: you’ve been rolling really well. No one’s failed yet, right?

ALI: No.

KEITH: No.

JACK: So 2d6 plus wisdom, 

AUSTIN: Also - 

JACK: plus my perilous journey roll, which is an extra - 

AUSTIN: plus 1. 

JACK: Plus 1.

AUSTIN: for a total of plus… whatever.

KEITH: 2, I think, for Lem.

AUSTIN: Oh, Ali’s just came through

ALI: I got a 7? Because it’s minus 1, then plus 1

AUSTIN: Oh why didn’t you do - It says minus 1 plus 0 here?

ALI: Yeah, cause I just clicked on the WIS button.

AUSTIN: Got it 

JACK: Oh god damnit.

AUSTIN: Oh, Jack.

KEITH: This is, gotta get those buttons, gotta get those macros. 

ALI: Just click the button under Wisdom?

AUSTIN: Oh, dear. Yeah, so Jack, did you know that? On Roll20, if you just go to your character sheet, you can click the button that’s under Wisdom.

JACK: But that doesn’t account for my perilous journey roll.

AUSTIN: No, we’d just add one. But 

JACK: Ahh I see-

AUSTIN: Sadly, that was your second roll and not the first roll.

JACK: That was an 11.

AUSTIN: Mark an XP. For failing your roll.

ALI: Should I do that too? 

AUSTIN: No, because your succeeded, you had that plus 1 that brought it up to 7, remember?

ALI: Oh. OH, OH he did real bad.

AUSTIN: He did real bad. 

KEITH: Well, you say he did real bad, you did 1 better.

AUSTIN: Yeah but, listen that one is all the world, you know?

ALI: He rolled a 4 before his bonus.

AUSTIN: I know, but the difference between a 4 - the difference between a final mark of 6 and a final mark of 7 is substantial. So, everybody - this is one two three days away. For three days - I don’t know why I’m deciding this is where it happens, I guess because the nose is a really nice spot. So, the first full day goes by, and in the morning you’re passing of that first mark to the south of Velas. And you can see, on the coastline of Hieron, some of the smaller villages that dot the outskirts of Vellas, there are some farms and they look shitty. Fairly close to the coastline, this is sort of a coastal forest region. Not like deep forests, but there are some trees and there are some people you can see off in the distance tilling some grass, and they don’t look great. Also, let’s say, you can see people on horses moving up and down the main road in the distance. Hella can see that with her spyglass. So, maybe a good idea to not have taken the main road. The second day goes by, fairly uneventfully, most people have kind of continued the party. Boat Party day two happens. 

KEITH: Boat Party!

AUSTIN: It’s hard not to get pulled down into it, but you guys are able to keep the boat under control. Day three, Jack, Lem, you know you read the maps right, you’re so sure you read the maps right. 

JACK: Oh god, this is so embarrassing for me. 

AUSTIN: But, so when the wave hits, it is quite a shock. Give me - 

FERO: I knew it.

LEM: What are you saying here, Fero? 

FERO: I’m saying that there’s, I said waves, specifically, as a thing to watch out for.

AUSTIN: Give me 1d2. We’re basically flipping a coin here.

JACK: Okay. I’d like you all to know, I typed it out straight, and then went back and typed /roll.

AUSTIN: Good Job. Okay - okay, this doesn’t matter, this is just West or East, you got East. So, the waves start slamming against you, harder and harder, and you can see, off in the distance you see, Hella that Ordenna gets farther and farther away. And bit by bit, the boat begins to shift in direction toward the outcropping on the map here, off the side of the Hieron, toward the nose of this man, so to speak, this old man. The boat is starting to get out of control, and it doesn’t help that everyone onboard is either drunk or hungover. They can’t really get control of it quickly enough. And worst of all, Hella - who’s doing her job well - sees off in the distance, over the - I’m going to zoom in on this map a little bit - I don’t know if this is gonna work for you guys? Does that zoom in for you or do you have to do this individually? You probably have to do this - in the top left, there’s that magnifying glass?

KEITH: Yeah

AUSTIN: Go ahead and click that, go up to 200, and look at the tip of this arrow.

JACK: Okay?

AUSTIN: Okay so, you guys are getting blown in this direction, toward the land - do you see that?

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Mm-hmm, yeah.

AUSTIN: And then coming right this way, Hella, you notice another ship.

ALI: Oh?

KEITH: I fucking called it.

AUSTIN: It’s flying a red flag, with a bright golden crown. You recognize it as the lead ship in the small armada of Brandish, the Pirate King. 

KEITH: I fucking said, to go - 

AUSTIN: You might remember Brandish the Pirate King. But if you don’t, it’s been a couple of weeks at this point, let me read - 

ALI: My first love letter.

AUSTIN: From Hella’s first love letter.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you remember what happened?

ALI: I defeated him, right?

AUSTIN: You did! You did! But then you didn’t take his head. 

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: You left his head and instead took a strange map, which pointed to a mysterious spot on your home island which we should return to, and you took this spyglass, so here - 

KEITH: When you’re saying “she didn’t take the head” are you saying “she didn’t cut off his head” or “she didn’t take the head with her after she cut it off”? 

ALI: That’s a really good question.

AUSTIN: That’s a really good question. 

KEITH: Yeah.

LEM: Hella?

KEITH: Okay. Undead pirates, fuck boats. 

FERO: I said no boats!

HELLA: It’s fine! It’s fine. Um…

JACK: I was so excited for my perilous journey with my map.

AUSTIN: What’s worse is now you have a choice. You could pilot this ship into the craggy nose of this continent. Or, you could try and straighten it out and regain control, but that will put you right in the line with Brandish’s boat. Wow - we need a good name for this boat, what’s a good pirate boat name? 

JACK: The Kingdom Come. 

AUSTIN: Yup! The Kingdom Come. That’s a great name. @NotQuiteClock agrees. 

JACK: Naming pirate boats since - whenever it started naming.

AUSTIN: A few minutes ago.

LEM: I think this should be up to Hella. 

FERO: I think this should be up to me. 

LEM: Of course you do, Fero. 

AUSTIN: You always do. 

FERO: Because I said no boats and you did boats, we’re not crashing - we’re not going to intentionally crash our boat

AUSTIN: I should paint a better picture, this was a good characterization opportunity I just realized I missed. One of the things I like about this is we can see Lem and Hella and Fero in different spots while this happens.

[AUTUMN06]

AUSTIN: You wanna do it at 13:24:20? 13:24:25, let's say?

ART: Sure.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Dre, be at time.is.

DRE: What? What??

AUSTIN: Time out, time out. So, no one clap. No one clap. No one clap. Okay. Hey. God damn it! Dre, go to your internet bar…

DRE: Uh-huh.

AUSTIN: ...and go to time.is.

DRE: Oh man.

NICK: Wait, did…

AUSTIN: This is a thing we should have... 

DRE: Holy shit…

NICK: My internet bar, there was one across the street but it closed a couple years ago, like you know…

AUSTIN: I need you to go over there and clap! We all clap at our local internet bars! We can bring Nick's back to life. Like a spirit bomb.

ART: Oh, I thought you were going to say "like Tinkerbell."

DRE: What are we doing at time.is?

AUSTIN: At 13:25:10 we're gonna clap.

DRE: Okay.

ART: Oh, that was bad.

AUSTIN: Not good. That was bad.

ART: We did a bad job.

AUSTIN: Keith is gonna- is gonna kill us!

DRE: Ugh! Sorry, can we do another one?

AUSTIN: We can just do another one.

DRE: That was my first one!

AUSTIN: That's fine. I think we'll be fine.

NICK: Alright.

DRE: Yeah, I think we'll be fine. Keith's a wiz.

AUSTIN: And he'll hear you just now saying that you were a little early and know how to address that.

NICK: Okay.

ART: Yeah, I guess…

NICK: Also, hi Keith.

ART: Let me finish... let me type this new move…

NICK: How're you doing, Keith? I hope you're good right now.

DRE: Hey, Keith!

AUSTIN: I bet he's great. Hey, Keith.

DRE: I wanna write a love letter to Keith.

AUSTIN: Yeah, please write a love letter to Keith. Everyone, let's write a love letter to Keith!

ART: Like, one of these love letters?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Or like, a real love letter?

AUSTIN: Or, well, like both! "Dear Keith, your eyes are dreamy. Roll plus Charisma to seduce me."
 
DRE: "Keith, you've been editing podcasts for years. What is it about this project that makes you so excited?" "Roll plus INT"

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Keith has an ongoing bonus of +10 for seducing me.

AUSTIN: That's a pretty good…

ART: That's a good, that's a…

AUSTIN and ART: ...big bonus!

AUSTIN: That's an automatic Super Success!

NICK: Uh-huh!

DRE: Who's that big bonus?

AUSTIN: Hmmm… Alright, get those laughs. Okay. Hey, Internet. Welcome to Friends at the Table, an actual play podcast focused on critical worldbuilding, smart characterization, and fun interaction between good friends. We're presented by StreamFriends.tv and RunButton.net, though our RunButton.net cohort, Keith Carberry, is not here. He will be producing the episode, still, using all of his magical, mysterious, audio editing skills. My voice is all over the place! We're recording early today, so if I stumble over words, please forgive me. Uh, Keith's not here, but people who are here include... Art?

ART: Hey!

AUSTIN: Where can people find you, Art?

ART: Oh, uh, I thought we were just doing short ones! I'm on twitter.com/ATebbel. Be sure to catch all the hot commentary I've had on the crazy events in the last couple weeks of October! Woof!

AUSTIN: It's... we're recording this in September. We're still in September.

ART: Shut... stop! No! This is- is live whenever anyone listens to it!

AUSTIN: Also joining us is Nick!

NICK: Hello!

AUSTIN: Where are you at on the Internet? How are you doing in there?

NICK: Good! You can find me at Twitch, Twitter, and YouTube /DrEvilBones.

AUSTIN: And last but not least, but joining us for the first time, and going forward he'll be joining us... is, uh, you know... Andre3000 himself... Andrew Lee Swan!

NICK: Yaaay!

DRE: Hey everyone!

AUSTIN: Obi Swan Kenobi... you already know what it is.

DRE: Just, that's... that's where we're stopping the nickname train?

AUSTIN: I dunno, it's up to you!

DRE: Well, then we'll keep it there.

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: Yeah, we'll keep it there.

AUSTIN: There's more! Y'all should be on the internet. Y'all should look!

DRE: Just, too many. Uh, you can find me on Twitter, I'm at Andrew Lee Swan.

AUSTIN: And you can find me at Austin_Walker on Twitter, and also on Ello? I haven't been using Ello, but I camped that Austin_Walker spot just in case someone else wanted to impersonate me. So, Friends at the Table. We hit a point a couple of weeks ago while recording a game set in that tower where it was like, okay, this is too big. We have too many players as it is, in order for things like combat to move smoothly, and for it to really feel like a conversation between friends. And Andrew wanted to join us, and he'd wanted to join us from before that, but I didn't wanna just... throw a sixth player character on top of an already large party in the middle of an adventure. But, now we've split into these two smaller groups, and these groups might not be permanent. These groups might switch up a little bit going, again, not in the middle of an adventure, but during some downtime, for instance. We'll see how that shakes out. We are playing Dungeon World, which is a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel. It is a hack of Apocalypse World by D Vincent Baker. And... when we last left off... Does anybody wanna do a super brief recap of the final events of the last episode for us?

NICK: Fantasmo got a book.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo got a book. I guess, does Dre not know that, yet?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: In fact, let's not talk about what happened. This is a good... We'll come back to that.

NICK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Let's start instead... I just realized, this is what we call a "storytelling opportunity" in the business.

NICK: The Business.

ART: The podcasting business?

AUSTIN: Listen. We got that... Listen! Thank you to everyone who has been listening to us on iTunes, 'cause we are currently "New and Noteworthy". Uh... are we New and... we're New and Noteworthy, altogether deep in the overall podcast "New and Noteworthy" list.

ART: Yeah, we're a general deep cut.

AUSTIN: Right, but on "Games and Hobbies," we are in the top 10? Debatably the top 4, depending on how you read the "New and Noteworthy" list. Um... and in "Other Games," under "Games and Hobbies," I think we're number one on "New and Noteworthy," so thank you…

DRE: Yeah, we were yesterday.

ART: Yeah, we’re #1 with a bullet.

AUSTIN: Please keep listening, please give us some reviews, tell your friends, et cetera. So, let's kick things off. We're starting in Velas for a brief moment. Everyone's looking at this rad map of Velas that Janine linked, or Janine made. I'll link it on the podcast page at FriendsAtTheTable.Net.

NICK: It's so rad.

AUSTIN: It's so rad!

NICK: I love it so much.

ART: I would like people to keep on the lookout for my theory that Janine is just going to end up being the ultimate bad person in this game. It's gonna be like "and here's a new person," and we won't even know she's on the call. She'll just be there.

AUSTIN: Oh, that would be great. She could use the built-in audio thing in Roll20, so she wouldn't even be on the call!

DRE: Yes!

AUSTIN: Yeah, it would be great! Uh, so let's start off, like I do often whenever we start a new adventure, with Love Letters. Since Nick's starts off kind of the closest to the return, go ahead and read yours.

NICK: Okay. Fantasmo. The Council is pleased with your performance as Consultant in the Tower. They pay you an extra 25 coin. They also request the ownership of the book you retrieved, which 

NICK: Oh, excuse me.

NICK: Captain Calhoun reported to them upon return to Velas. You try to convince them to let you keep the book. Roll +CHA, roll plus Charisma, sorry.

AUSTIN: No, it's CHA…

NICK: Cha cha cha. On a 10+, the following three are true. On a 7-9, choose one. Alright, so I'm gonna roll my Charisma. Roll my Charisma, here... What have we got…

DRE: Your Charmander.

ART: It’s a nine.

NICK: Oh! Oh, wait…

AUSTIN: So, what are the three you can choose from?

NICK: That's not…

AUSTIN: Yeah, sadly! Sadly, not as good as you'd like.

NICK: Shoot. Uh... so the three that I could choose... Excuse me.

AUSTIN: That's fine.

NICK: You're given time to copy down the 'Bring to Life' spell. You're allowed to keep the book as its defender. They offer to bring in a translation expert to help you learn the secrets of the book. Um…

AUSTIN: What are you gonna do?

NICK: I mean, if I choose to just keep the book, that means…

AUSTIN: At some future point you could definitely copy down that spell and try to figure it out, but it means that you don’t have them to go on right now.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: You know. And you won't be getting that help.

NICK: I mean, Fantasmo probably thinks he doesn't, I mean, like, Fantasmo doesn't need any help. Like that's…

AUSTIN: That's true. That is probably in character for him.

NICK: He's a little... miffed that they would even offer that. What are you, I was the highest level wizard in the university, like, what are you... c'mon.

AUSTIN: So he's gonna keep the book for himself.

NICK: I'm gonna, yeah, he's just gonna keep the book.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: He's gonna study the hell out of it.

ART: A high-level wizard is basically the same thing as a linguist, right?

AUSTIN: Basically! It depends on the sort of magic you do, right? So next up, Hadrian. Art, go ahead and read yours.

ART: Let me just switch that tab real quick… Hadrian, for the week that follows your time in the tower, you dream of the crowned boy looking up into your eyes. His expression changes the first few times: a scowl, a smirk, a look of sadness. And then, for night after night, his eyes look past you, into the distance, into some future that only he can see. What do you do with the crown? Do you tell the— 

ART: Are we pronouncing that prelate?

AUSTIN: I think it’s prelate; I like prelate.

ART: Prelate?

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

ART: Prelate is better.

DRE: Yeah, I think prelate is right.

AUSTIN: Yeah, and I like it. I think that’s a good way of saying, like, your supervisor. That’s what I’m pitching you here, is prelate. I meant to pitch you that off-stream, off-recording, and then forgot to.

ART: I love it.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: It’s great.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Fantastic work. Do you tell the prelate about these dreams? How does he respond? Oh, so you’re making me… you’re making me… Make a choice about this character.

AUSTIN: I’m gonna toss off a little bit of this narration power to you. What do you think this guy- in a, a- yeah. Tell me- Answer the questions, I guess.

ART: Uhh… Huh. I’m gonna- there’s gonna be a little bit of thinking out loud going on here.

AUSTIN: Yeah. That’s what we do here.

ART: ‘Cause there’s two- there’s two different things I’ve thought… about the prelate. Right?

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: And they’re both kinda cliche. ‘Cause he can either be, y’know, a genuine dude, like, he’s a believer, he’s on my side, we’re all on the same side, we’re working to make the world a better place, or… Like, I probably have more direct manifestations of divine power than this guy.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: And that could really piss him off.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, totally.

DRE: Like, he’s just a paper-pusher?

AUSTIN: Right- or, well-

ART: Or like, I don’t remember- I think we talked about- I don’t remember where we talked about this for a second- he probably can do some cool stuff.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: But that cool stuff is not as cool as the cool stuff I can do.

AUSTIN: Right, like you can take the wounds of other people onto your body to heal them, right, like that is some Deity 101.

ART: Well that’s, like, when I don’t succeed at that roll.

AUSTIN: But still- it almost is cooler if you don’t, like-

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: It’s almost like… a more clear manifestation of your own power- that it’s yours- that, you know, that is definitely interesting. And especially if you think about the prelate in relation to, like, the other forces in the city, the other forces in the world, like, what he thinks -- how long he’s had this position. I can see that getting very complicated and interesting.

ART: Yeah, and I mean, I guess the most interesting thing is some kind of middle ground, right? Like this guy’s probably a little jealous, you know, this probably isn’t his ideal underling. 

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: But, y’know, he didn’t do this- he didn’t join this for personal power. He, y’know- it’s a chafing relationship but he’s not an antagonist, right? He… I’m not his favorite dude, this isn’t his favorite condition, but we’re all… working toward the same thing here.

AUSTIN: Mhm. So… What do you do with the crown? 

ART: I, I have- I think I have to give it to him.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

ART: Because I don’t have that knowledge, right? I can’t figure it out on my own. I’m not smart enough and I think I’m pious enough that I have to surrender it to the authorities. This could be- this could be a… thing.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Or it could… not. But y’know, I want it to be. I want this to be an ancient relic of some kind. And I don’t think I’m naive enough to think this is the actual first crown… Because what the fuck would it be doing up there? You know, didn’t other kings wear that? I don’t know. This is history that exists, and I should know, but I don’t. 

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Uh, and I also think that those dreams sound troubling, right? Especially, like- they don’t start good either, like it starts with a scowl? You know, if I think this is a manifestation of my one true god and I had a dream where he was looking at me and scowling at me, I would wake up talk to a priest. 

AUSTIN: Does he- what’s the response you get when you talk to your supervisor? Who I guess is also sort of your living confessional, right?

ART: Right- I mean, I don’t know, that’s a little Catholic for me, but yeah. I really want this religion to not end up being Catholicism, but I know that that’s a- that’s our touchstone for big organized religion, right? 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Especially big organized monotheistic religion, right, which is what we’ve created here.

ART: Yeah. Uh… y’know, we give lip service to other things. You know, this is like Catholicism back when they were publishing lists of saints that included the Buddha. 

AUSTIN: Right, right, right.

ART: Uh… Well, I think the first one was stunning and I had to go say something. Like, this is dangerous stuff. And I would hope that, like, that this is- it’s a response of concern but he’s probably a little excited, right? Like this could be a sign that this golden boy, Hadrian, is headed for a fall, right?

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Like what if this is- this is- you're seeing a vision of Samothes, and he's forsaken you?

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: And so he's probably super interested- even if he doesn't say that. I don't know that Hadrian's clever enough to deduce that that's his reaction. Uh, and then you know, the next day it's a smirk, and that probably isn't as cut-and-dry for this guy, right? Like, he can still probably create that narrative where this is bad for Hadrian but ‘smirk’ is- 'smirk' is weird. You know- then, a look of sadness? That’s also- that could be good or bad. Uh, and you know, I think there is a part of him that's trying to genuinely counsel me, right? Like, y'know, what does this mean? We're trying to figure it out together but I- Hadrian doesn't have this information, this guy probably doesn't have the information-

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: To figure... to figure this out. And maybe he's- At the end, after it kind of stabilizes, right, night after night, ‘his eyes look past you into the distance at some future that only he can see,’ like, that- that seems ominous. And once it gets threatening like that I think we decide that we're gonna send some kind of communication to- to a higher person.

AUSTIN: We have to talk about who that is in the future at some point. Also, over the next couple days, try to come up with a name for this prelate, so that we can actually write down something for the future.

ART: Sure. I mean, I'm just gonna stick with Latin things.

AUSTIN: Yup.

ART: Which is not helping us get away from Catholicism.

AUSTIN: Nope, it isn't.

ART: Uh, but that feels religious to me, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, there’s no escaping it.

ART: But like, if he's a bishop, there's a cardinal, right? Or... and, so, you know- I assume that that’s- we should talk about it. We should talk about this.

AUSTIN: We'll talk off, and I'll reincorporate it at some point. The next time we have a love letter, it'll be a place to do that.

ART: 'Cause for all I know, the next one goes right to the top. It's him and then it's, you know, king of the religion.

AUSTIN: Right. Uh... Throndir. Throndir?

DRE: Throndir.

AUSTIN: Throndir. Thooor...ondir. 'Thaw'?

ART: Thrandir.

DRE: Throndir.

AUSTIN: You can... you can go ahead, Dre. Like- like what?

DRE: Do you want me to give background info on my character, or just go right into what we’re doing?

AUSTIN: No, no, not yet, let's save that for in-character stuff. This is gonna be a good episode for that, I think.

DRE: Throndir, you fled these woods ages ago and swore to never come back. Not until things could change. What is it you miss most from your time living among the elves? And what is it that the council promised you to lead these men to the center of the Erasure?

DRE: Uhh... I think for Throndir, the thing he misses the most is just, like, the ability to just feel normal, since he grew up in basically a compound of elves that was cut off from the rest of the world, like, that's the only life he's known until he left, so he never realized how different the world could be until he was just thrown right into the middle of it.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: So even though he's gotten more comfortable- and you know, he can take care of himself and he does fine- he still just feels like a person that just, like, that doesn't fit. He feels like a square peg in a round hole for most of the time that he is- for most of the time that he’s awake.

AUSTIN: And... the second part, which is-

DRE: What did the council promise you to lead these men to the center of the Erasure? So the reason that Throndir left his home was that, like most of the elves—and I think Nick has kind of already talked about this a little bit in a previous podcast—Since the post-post-apocalypse, elves don't live as long as they used to. And that was the same of the snow elves, where Throndir is from. But something strange happened with his generation. So him and others who were born around the same time as him, where they- they age, they mature, they basically reach, I guess, elf puberty or whatever at the same rate as their, you know, as their ancestors, but they then stay younger for longer. And Throndir left because he found out something was going on between his generation and the elders of the village that he just couldn't… he just couldn't equate in his brain. Like he had too much cognitive dissonance and he just- he was just overwhelmed and he bolted. So he wants to know: what is going on with him that makes him so different from the people that raised him?

AUSTIN: And the council's promised they can tell him that?

DRE: Yeah, they said they can help him figure out what's going on.

AUSTIN: Okay. Alright, so despite the fact that we're in beautiful Velas on the map screen that we're on, we are not there in reality. In reality, we have left behind the Garden, Fish, and Sun districts, we have walked out past the fields towards the Erasure. I'll pull up the big map for you guys now.

ART: Is Fish District really what we're calling that?

AUSTIN: Yup.

ART: Okay. I'm gonna teach these people so much about religion and about naming things... That's my new quest. Where's my quest... thing?

AUSTIN: Are we- do you declare a new quest at this point?

ART: Uh, well, what are we doing?

AUSTIN: So the council has requested the help, again, of Fantasmo and Hadrian, and they've enlisted the aid of Throndir- Tho-RON-dir? I'm never gonna say this right, and that's better- to head into the center of the Mark of the Erasure, which you might remember... there is a thing there, maybe, based on some events from the last game.

ART: Right, it's part of my-

AUSTIN: Throndir, I don't know that they tell you much about why, they just need someone to lead them there.

DRE: Yeah, they just need a guide.

ART: The fact that you described those things as 'plumbobs' is why I think at the end is why it's gonna turn out it was Janine.

AUSTIN: That's true. That's a good- that would be pretty good. Um... So, the- as you get closer and closer, I mean, you've walked past this area before, and I think it's probably common knowledge to know that the closer you get to the Erasure, the colder it gets. Um, you know, there are some fields in Velas, but this is a bunch of what would be great farming land that's ruined by the colder climates the closer you get to the Erasure. You also end up reaching a kind of a forested area that Throndir's leading you through. Throndir and his giant mastiff, named Kodiak. 

DRE: Mhm. Yup.

AUSTIN: As you march through this unseasonably cold forest, 'cause you know, it's like, it's autumn now but it's starting to feel like it's deep, deep winter as you- as you step through these woods and as the snow starts to grow at your feet. What do you- what do you look like? We haven't ever done character descriptions for anyone at this current table. 

DRE: YEAH.

AUSTIN: So let's go reverse order this time, let's talk to Throndir first. I imagine he's leading the party as the scout, as the guide.

DRE: Yeah, absolutely. 

AUSTIN: So what's your... go ahead and give me your character description.

DRE: Um, is this based off of the Ranger character sheet?

AUSTIN: Yes. Start there and then go from there to also just whatever else you want to add.

DRE: Sure. Um... So, I-I see Throndir as having kind of animal eyes, so almost kind of, like, almost like dog eyes. Like he's smart and he's skillful but he's also a little naive and a little probably overly trusting as well. Um, I imagine him having kind of wild hair, but not in, like, the cool- you know, you think of a ranger and you think of super-long, maybe even braided hair- 

AUSTIN: Right. 

DRE: I think of him more as, like, when a kid moves to college for the first time and decides like... I'm gonna grow a beard and I'm gonna grow my hair out because nobody can tell me different. So he's got kind of that hair, facial hair, going on-

NICK: Oh, so... me for the last, like... 8 years of my life, basically.

AUSTIN: Right. Yes. 

DRE: Um... I would say he's probably wearing just traveling clothes, so stuff that will keep him warm, that is comfortable for him to move in, um- and I feel like his kind of body type, he's probably kind of got like, um, he looks strong but it's not like a bodybuilder strong. It's like the body of someone who does blue collar work, where you can tell they have strength but they're not, like, you know, poppin' out of their shirt or something like that. 

AUSTIN: Right...

DRE: The one caveat that I have to that is that since moving to the city, Throndir has become just obsessed with trying new foods, trying new drinks, so he's got a little bit of a chubby tummy.

AUSTIN: Little bit of a chubby tum?

DRE: Just because he's been eating anything and everything that he can get his hands on.

AUSTIN: Right, so yeah yeah yeah, definitely a blue collar worker feel I'm getting, because it’s like- he can work a hard day, but also, like, he can put back those chicken wings.

DRE: Yeah! Mhm. Absolutely.

AUSTIN: Art is in the background dying currently.

DRE: Dying...

ART: Sorry...

AUSTIN: Uhhh- 

ART: I think I caught Keith's cold? That doesn’t make sense.

AUSTIN: That's not possible. No. 

DRE: That’s not how the internet works. You guys live on opposite coasts.

NICK: I mean- they're- viruses can be transmitted digitally. I mean, like, that's-

DRE: God damn it.

AUSTIN: Oh boy... this is not... Nick, what's up with- how's Fantasmo look? How should we be picturing Fantasmo? 

NICK: Ummm, well. The stuff on the character sheet that I have selected is, uh, ‘sharp eyes.’ So he's very, like, um- like, some would say cold, but really calculating and ever-alert is more accurate.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: Um. His hair is- actually, his hair doesn't fit any of the options that were on the character sheet.

AUSTIN: Yeah! That's fair.

NICK: His hair is like a super light grey, almost white, but not quite. Um, and it's tied back in a ponytail, and he's got a pretty severe widow's peak.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: And he's got, like, sort of longish, wispy eyebrows. Um... Uh, his no beard, though, at all. Like no beard or any facial hair period. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: His robes look like they were probably really nice and expensive a hundred years ago. 

AUSTIN: And now-

NICK: Now not so much. The colors are faded. There's a- like, hints of stains here and there. Things like spots of the robes that look like maybe there was something embroidered there at some point that has just completely come unraveled. And he is, um- He has a very thin, frail body, like someone that spends more time shut up in a study reading instead of eating all of the meals that he probably should be.

AUSTIN: That's fair. Art? If you're not dead. Are you back? Are you alright?

ART: Yeah, I- I muted my mic to cough a lot but it's all still on my Audacity, so Keith can decide whether or not he wants to keep me, dying....

AUSTIN: Yeah, it did not- it did not mute very much. Oh, you muted yourself on Skype, you're saying? 

ART: Yeah, I Skype muted myself.

AUSTIN: Okay. I appreciate that.

ART: So hopefully you guys didn't hear me coughing during Nick's thing.

AUSTIN: No, we didn't during Nick's. Yeah. Uh-

ART: But it's on my file, like, the listeners could have heard me.

NICK: Yeah, I-

AUSTIN: We are giving Keith big homework.

NICK: I coughed a bunch, too, Keith, so be on the lookout for that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Keith.

ART: Uh, yeah. I don’t know what’s happening.

AUSTIN: Welcome to Coughs at the Table. This is a podcast about coughing. I don't know how we're so popular, I don't know, I don't get it.

NICK: Man, what's your favorite coughing move, you guys? 

ART: I remember-

NICK: I really like- I really like Roll Up.

ART: I like when you kinda like start it with like a little bit, like- and then you cough, 'cause I think it, like, lures your mucus into a false sense of security. 

AUSTIN: Great. 

NICK: I meant... Koffing, like the Pokemon.

DRE: I was under the assumption we were talking about the Pokemon Koffing-

NICK: Koffiiiing! 

DRE: So if we could stay on track. 

ART: No, I'm evolving into a Weezing, you guys.

AUSTIN: Oh, boy.

ART: That's happening right now.

AUSTIN: Alright, what's Hadrian look like?

ART: Alright, I think I did- I think I did these before? 

AUSTIN: You might have, but let's go over them one more time just so people have an image in their head. 

ART: Yeah yeah yeah, and I think I might be changing one of them, so-

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Everyone forget what you've heard. Uh... I think, I think I like- he has kind eyes, he has like an understanding face and he might not have like an understanding person behind that, but like, he looks like someone you could talk to. Uh, whether or not that just ends up with him like, being a dick to you is another thing, but like, he wants to care, he’s just not- it's just not there. I think he is always wearing his helmet, which is like, my hair choice.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: But I want- I want to be sure to be clear that there is hair under there. The helmet's not like attached to his head.

AUSTIN: ...okay.

ART: And I think it's, it is like a short, like- crew-cut isn't right because that's not a- that’s not a thing, right?

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: But like, it is, it's short hair, it's close to the face- it's close to his head, it's not very fancy.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: It's, you know, an expression of devotion, almost.

NICK: What if he has a monk bowl cut underneath the helmet? 

ART: Well...

NICK: Nevermind. Sorry. 

ART: I guess I'm pushing away from monk stuff because if Hadrian goes down, I'm coming back as a monk, and I don't wanna do all the same stuff twice.

NICK: Oh, okay.

ART: I'm not leaving this religion. You're not taking me from it. I've done too much work. You can kill him, but I'll just keep doing every religious character they've got.

AUSTIN: Oh, boy.

ART: This is a threat, Austin.

AUSTIN: Okay, great. Good threat.

ART: His holy symbol is worn because it's probably very old, it probably dates back pre-Erasure.

AUSTIN: What's it look like?

ART: Uh, we’ve- we've talked about it a little bit. It's a ring that's in the shape of the crown.

AUSTIN: Right. Yes. We have talked about it.

ART: What just occurred to me, and I don't know how to reconcile this, is he probably wears- he probably wears gauntlets, right? He probably wears armored gloves.

AUSTIN: Yeah... Maybe- oh, maybe he's like one of those rad dudes from, um, 7th Sea? From like, the fake Germany in 7th Sea, do you remember those guys? 

ART: Yeah, who have the, the big hand?

AUSTIN: They have one big gauntlet. And like, the other hand is free. But they like- they grab stuff with that gauntlet and break it. 7th Sea is real cool. 

ART: 7th Sea is real cool. 

AUSTIN: Maybe you have one hand- maybe one of your hands doesn't have the gauntlet on it. So that you can wear the ring and show your- maybe there's like a weird religious significance to that.

ART: Sure. Uh, other things I thought of was, there could just be one gauntlet that's missing the-

AUSTIN: The ring finger?

ART: The ring finger... 

DRE: Mm. That’s cool.

ART: But that sounds dangerous.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it sounds like you’d get that finger caught between that metal, and that would be bad.

ART: Yeah. Or maybe it's that the ring is just large enough to be on the gauntlet?

AUSTIN: That's super silly. I mean, that's- it might be okay? But it's super silly.

DRE: What if it's, like, inlaid on the, uh, on the gauntlet? Like it's infused in the gauntlet?

AUSTIN: The problem with that becomes- Go ahead.

ART: Uh, if he's not wearing armor.

AUSTIN: If he's not wearing armor-

ART: Which is probably a thing. I think, of those, I like maybe that, like- I don't know how that would work, but what if there's just like- what if from the... How do we count knuckles? From like the second knuckle?

AUSTIN: Uh-huuuuh?

ART: To the third knuckle... there's just no armor on his right hand. 

AUSTIN: ...wait, from the second...?

ART: Alright. So the first knuckle is- okay, so end of your finger, fingernail, first knuckle-

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. So wait, you're saying that he has fingertip armor on, and then missing armor for a ring? 

ART: Alright. I guess you're right, that doesn't make sense. I was thinking of, like, ways it could connect and I'm not comin' up with it.

AUSTIN: Okay! As long- I mean- maybe it has a weird strap on the bottom. I don't know.

ART: No, I guess- I guess- I guess it's just there's just a finger with no armor.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: And I think his faith protects him from getting his finger torn up from the armored fingers next to it. 

AUSTIN: Great. Uh, is it his ring finger that it's on? Is it his left hand or his right hand?

ART: Uh, it's his right ring finger.

AUSTIN: Okay, sounds good. Ah... alright. Let's- 

ART: 'Cause he's not, like, married to his, to his god. Right. That's-

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: We're talking about nuns now. Which is what my third character will be, when you kill my monk.

AUSTIN: Okay. So I'm gonna start off, you know, you've been making this trek for a little while now. We kind of ruled last week, when we were recording with Jack, Ali, and uh- Keith, that each square on this map was about a day's travel at full pace. Or actually I guess we decided that for ocean travel, not for day travel. Day travel will be slower. Uh... I think like 2- 2 days? Per block. What do you think?

ART: Per square?

AUSTIN: Per square, yeah.

ART: Uh, cutting diagonally?

AUSTIN: We were talking about cutting the diameter. Going through a thing. Which I guess diagonally would- is diagonally in a square the same as one of its sides, or is that longer? I don't remember how that works.

ART: It's longer 'cause it's the hypotenuse of the triangle.

AUSTIN: Oh, right, yeah. Yeah, okay. Um-

ART: But it's not a lot longer. Especially here.

AUSTIN: Yeah, 'cause it's a square... It's a right angle.

ART: We're saying it's one day, and that, that uh- that doesn't help...it'd be, room to-

AUSTIN: Well let's just pick... let's just pick the diameter distance of walking first. How- how many days do you think it takes to get across one of these squares? Do you think it's, like, 2 days? Do you think it's like 3 days?

ART: Well, here's the thing. This is supposed to be big, right?

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: Then a day's too short.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know. Let's, let’s- I think it helps us stay a little, um- it's supposed to be big but it's still supposed to be traversable. This is one of the things that we talked about a lot; I listened to that first podcast a bunch.

ART: Well, I guess, like, a person can walk about 25 miles in a day if that's what they're fuckin' doing.

AUSTIN: Right, right, that's what I'm saying. This is about just- it's all you're doing, is traveling. 

ART: Okay, and this cont- from Velas to clear across the continent is 15 boxes? 

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

ART: 15 times 25 is... 375 miles. That's not- that’s not big enough, right?

AUSTIN: Three thou- wait, three hundred, you said?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN:Yeah, that's probably not big enough. Um, let's say, then, that that's- right, so we're- 

ART: 'Cause then we're looking at, like, Massachusetts.

AUSTIN: Right. You're definitely not walking a whole block in a day. I'm saying you're walking at least 2 or- 2, 3, 4 days, then? 5 days?

ART: I would say 3 to 4. 

AUSTIN: What if we just say- what if we say 5 and it's a business week? 

ART: There we go, yeah, perfect.

AUSTIN: Also, it's a nice even number so we can go 5, 10, whatever.

ART: Or we can be like... it takes a week. Because you can't really walk 25 miles a day for a week. You're gonna need some time off there.

AUSTIN: Mhm. Okay.

ART: And that's a little better. Now we're getting to a real size. 

AUSTIN: That sounds good to me. I really just wanted to have something in my mind for this next bit where I said: you've been traveling, then, for a certain amount of time... And that certain amount of time now is, let's say two to three days. You've cleared Velas, cleared easily, you've passed through the fields and you've entered into these woods, um, I'm calling them the Algid Pinelands, which I think is what Velas calls them, probably? I don't know what the snow elves call them, or the other inhabitants of these woods. Let's- let’s start off by figuring out how well you're doing going into these woods. We're gonna undertake a Perilous Journey, which, when you travel through hostile territory, choose one member of the party to act as a trailblazer, one to scout ahead, and one to be quartermaster. The same character cannot have two jobs. Each character will do a job. Roll plus Wis; on a 10+, the quartermaster reduces the amount of rations required by 1. On a 10+, the trailblazer reduces the amount of time it takes to reach your destination. And on a 10+, the scout will spot any trouble quick enough to let you get the drop on it. Who's-

ART: Okay, here's the thing.

AUSTIN: Yeah?

ART: Uh, we're, we’re talking about this, right?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yup.

ART: So there's, like, the lore thing, right? Where we would want the ranger- I'm, I'm guessing that-

DRE: Well, hold on. Here's the other thing that you should know. Since I'm an elf, my racial ability as a ranger is that whenever I undertake a Perilous Journey, whatever job I take I succeed as if I rolled a 10+, every time.

ART: That's great. Uh, so I think scouting is what we want best at, right? 'Cause that's, like-

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: Rations, I don't know about y'all, but I think I'm swimming in rations right now.

DRE: I got- I got food for days.

AUSTIN: Do you? How many rations do you guys have?

DRE: I have 5.

ART: I have 6. 

AUSTIN: Okay. That's not that many. 

DRE: Well... okay.

AUSTIN: We should, we should- that's not that many. Do you want to have bought some more rations, now that we understand it's a week- over a week there and over a week back? 

ART: Oh, yeah...

NICK: Is 1 ration 1 day of food?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you use a ration to heal up at camp, basically, or to- you need to eat- the thing is, I guess you could ration it. You know. You could eat half a ration per day.

ART: Oh, wait, we never figured out what my quest was.

AUSTIN: No, we didn't.

ART: Like we started a conversation that was going that way... 

AUSTIN: And that was before we were recording, even, I think, so- Are you keeping this quest, since this is another thing Velas is sending you on?

ART: No, because my quest was to discover the truth of that tower. That quest is definitely over. Unless, unless-

AUSTIN: Okay. I thought it was broader than that; I thought it was about protecting Velas.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, but-

ART: No, 'protect' isn't an option.

AUSTIN: Oh, right, right, there's a very specific 'discover the truth of,' right. Um... yeah! So are you now discovering the truth of the Erasure? 'Cause that's a biggun.

ART: Well, that's- that's a big one. I'd, I’d have to pick some good shit for that.

AUSTIN: You can also have it to do with your own personal stuff, at this point. You definitely have enough story hooks going on with the dreams you've been having, your relationship with your- with your prelate, to... think of something there.

ART: Well, here's the thing. I have three choices. There's three things I can do: ‘slay blank, a great bane on the land,’ and y'know, the only person I can say that is Fantasmo, and that's not good. 

AUSTIN: Jeez!

NICK: What?

ART: Like, that's not a good game.

AUSTIN: #shotsfired! Y'all are in a bad place. We should note that, Throndir, you definitely notice that Fantasmo and Hadrian-

DRE: There’s some tension going on…

AUSTIN: there's some tension. Maybe. You're not sure why.

ART: ‘Defend blank from the iniquities that beset them.’

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: And I can- I guess that could be... that could be Velas, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, but this is definitely not, like- ‘hey, go check out this thing we think is there!’ is not defending it from iniquities, right?

ART: Right... And then there's ‘discover the truth of blank.’ But if I say ‘discover the truth of the Erasure,’ that like... that's... that's some long-term shit.

AUSTIN: It is. It is. But so would, like, ‘discover the truth of Samothes,’ right?

ART: Right. So yeah, I guess that's what I should- and I mean, I just took my new power, which is while I'm on a quest I get +1d4 damage. So like, picking a long-term quest is fine with me, but like-

AUSTIN: You could also do- you could also do, if you wanted to be more, like, focused on the, um, the campaign it could be to discover the truth of that tower and other facilities like it, right. Other places like it that you are just getting- the truth of that map you found, with all of the markings, including the one that you're headed towards now.

ART: Sure. There's also the- it says that I can't abandon a quest.

AUSTIN: You could abandon a quest, but let's say that like... Samothes would notice.

ART: Yeah. Or like-

AUSTIN: The prelate would notice.

ART: Or like, I don't know what the, the, like- discover the truth- I don't know, it's all so-

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know. This is the-

ART: It's philosophical.

AUSTIN: It is. It is. 

ART: Alright, I'll say I'm discovering the truth of the Er- of, how about just the Mark of the Erasure?

AUSTIN: Sure. That's better. Because then you're talking about a specific place and not the event, the Erasure, that... struck this world hundreds of years ago, yeah.

ART: Yeah. That could be until I die.

AUSTIN: Yeah, cool. Alright. And what's your two boons?

ART: Okay. Because we're talking about food, and how long it is, I can choose freedom from hunger, thirst, and sleep. I can also choose an unwavering sense of direction, and then we can just like... fuck all of this. But I won't because that's not fun.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Aw. I sure loved having a voice that transcends language. That was fuckin' great. 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Uh, mark of divine authority... senses that pierce lies... invulnerability to blank...

AUSTIN: For example: edged weapons, fire, enchantment, et cetera. That's really good.

ART: Yeah. That's really good, but again, it feels like cheating.

AUSTIN: No, no- 

DRE: It does get super cold in the Erasure.

AUSTIN: It does get super cold in the Erasure.

ART: Right. Um. Invulnerability to cold... I don't know. We're not freezing to death. I'm not freezing to death- that ain’t happening - 

AUSTIN: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why do you think it's not happening?

ART: Because I'm... I'm a badass, I'm not freezin, that's not how badasses go down.

AUSTIN: Ohh. 

DRE: Art, I would say probably before we left, one of the things that Throndir warned you about was tales of people trying to journey into the Mark when he was a kid and the snow elves basically having to drag their near-frozen carcasses, like, out of the Erasure and back to safety. It gets friggin' cold there. 

ART: Alright, I'll take freedom from hunger, thirst, and sleep, and I'll take invulnerability to cold.

AUSTIN: Okay. ‘The GM will then tell you what vow or vows are required to maintain your blessing.’ Hm. Hmmmmm.

ART: There are some good ones here, dude.

AUSTIN: Yeaaah. There are. So I have a list. There are some good ones here, especially with- with regard to… How do you know this?

ART: On just the record, my third choice would have been a mark of divine authority.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's a good one. How do you know what your vow is? Do you, do you- how do you know which vow to take?

ART: I think- I think it's this weird thing where it's, like, you're picking it- 

AUSTIN: Right right right.

ART: But really I'm picking it. Right?

AUSTIN: Right, but you're picking it- I'm wondering how you know to pick it, as a character. How do you, how does Hadrian, when it swells up inside of him- that vow- does he feel that he has control over that vow or does it come from somewhere- past him?

ART: I think, and this is like, this is philosophical in a way that I don't know this religion would be but I think it's, like, the brush knows the way, right?

AUSTIN: Right. Right.

ART: Like, how do you know? Because that's- because that's what it was. Because that's what I said, you know, it's my... When I was doing it- when I was preparing myself for this quest, I was, I was flooded with divine inspiration and then I knew. I knew what my vow was.

AUSTIN: I'm torn between two.

ART: You could just give me both. It says 'vows.'

AUSTIN: Oh. It does. 'Hospitality'-

ART: But then you have to, like- decide how important it is, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah yeah.

ART: You know how big a deal hunger, thirst, sleep, and cold are gonna be.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I do. I do. I do. Uh, 'hospitality. Required: comfort to those in need, no matter who they are.'

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: And 'valor. Suffering an evil creature to live.'

ART: Oh, you fucker, I know what you're gonna do.

AUSTIN: I don't, I don't- I don't know what I'm gonna do yet.

ART: You're not gonna make me give hospitality to an evil creature?

AUSTIN: I'm... not planning on it? Like I have, I have- you know. That's not really how I... Like, these are cool things in my toolbox now. Do you know what I mean?

ART: Yup.

AUSTIN: Uh, that's how I do.

ART: Uh-huh. 'Comfort to those in need no matter who they are.'

AUSTIN: Before we- yup.

ART: And 'forbidden suffering an evil creature to live'?

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah, sorry. Should've been more clear. 

ART: Okay, but back to- back to figuring out the Perilous Journey part.

AUSTIN: Yes, the thing that we're actually doing. Now you don't have to eat or sleep. Or drink. 

ART: Right, which makes me a good- good at several things, but not a lot of things here.

DRE: Uh, well I think- I think I'll take the scout roll.

ART: I think that's a good idea.

AUSTIN: That leaves Quartermaster aaaand... da-da-da, what's the- Trailblazer. Trailblazer makes you go faster, Quartermaster lets you... eat less.

ART: It's weird if the guy who doesn't have to eat is the Quartermaster, right? Like that just feels weird.

AUSTIN: No, no, no, that affects every- oh, oh. I see what you're saying. Yes. That would- that does feel weird.

ART: I don't have to eat, but here's what you get. No, no, no, don't eat so much. Come on.

AUSTIN: Yeah... yeah, that's fair. So, Nick, are you cool with being the Trailblazer?

NICK: Uhh, yeah. What is that? Wait. 

ART: Oh wait, no, I was saying being Quarterma- I was saying I think I should be Trailblazer because being Quartermaster would be freakin' weird. 

AUSTIN: Oh oh oh, I thought you were saying ‘I'll be the Quartermaster even though…’ Et cetera. That's fine.

NICK: I mean, I think, like, you know- character-wise it makes way more sense for Fantasmo to be in the back counting the stock than... out there.

AUSTIN: That's fair.

ART: Yeah.

NICK: Cuttin' through the...

AUSTIN: Cutting- yeah.

DRE: Although at the same time, as the Trailblazer you could be, like, poring over maps. Although I guess that's, is that- that's not as much your thing, right?

NICK: Yeah, no, I don't-

DRE: Those aren't the kind of books that Fantasmo's interested in-

NICK: I don't care about maps.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: I'd rather not be going anywhere.

ART: Because I can see Hadrian in his big stupid armor. Wandering through the brush.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: Your giant armor just banging against everything.

ART: Oh, I didn't cover that in his appearance... I think he's big. Like I think Hadrian's tall and I think he's wide.

AUSTIN: I would, uh, I'd believe that. That's a thing I would believe.

DRE: Every morning you put on your huge thing of scale armor to go tromping through the woods and Throndir just rolls his eyes and is like, I'm just gonna- I'm just gonna go scout ahead, I'll see you all later.

ART: No, no, no, I'm doing it. I'm walking in all this metal through the woods. Things know to get out of my way.

NICK: Yeah, it- And you're also, like-

DRE: Sure.

ART: That's what's happening.

NICK: You don't even need to cut through most of the underbrush. 

AUSTIN: Okay, let's-

NICK: You're just trampling it. You're a damn tank. Like, just flattening the forest as you move through it.

ART: In what order do you want us to make these rolls?

AUSTIN: Do 'em all at once. So you know Dre's is a 10, we know that Throndir has successfully scouted...

NICK: Um. I have a, I have a, a fun suggestion, though. 

DRE: Oh boy, Art.

ART: Oh, I fucked it up.

NICK: Can I, uh- 

AUSTIN: Uh-huh?

NICK: Dre, don't roll yet- 

AUSTIN: Dre isn't rolling at all, is the thing.

NICK: Oh. He's not?

AUSTIN: His elf move lets him just automatically get a 10.

NICK: Ohh, right, okay.

AUSTIN: At any of these. Yeah, yeah. Which is- which is super useful.

ART: Specifically with how bad I- with how bad I just did.

AUSTIN: Yup!

DRE: Uh, we also, we never finished talking about rations.

AUSTIN: We didn't. Um, largely- 

DRE: I would say that-

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead.

DRE: Throndir probably, like, when they asked him to scout out, he would say we need X amount of food to cover this journey.

AUSTIN: Right. Again, I think it's- I think, again, I'm not- ah- when you settle into camp, whenever you make camp, you consume a ration. Like that's how you do the Make Camp move.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: I feel like, yeah, you could go days without make- quote-unquote using the 'make camp' move and still sleeping and stuff, and not healing, but after a couple of days you're gonna, you're going to start, um, taking some effect to that, like you'll get the 'weak' or 'shaky' debilities. You know what I mean?

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: So you might be able to spread those rations out, let's say. Like okay, you'll eat every other day. You'll eat a full meal every other day or you'll eat a half-meal every day.

NICK: Why don't we just all-

AUSTIN: Or whatever.

NICK: Why don't we just buy some more before we leave. How about we just make it simpler.

AUSTIN: You could also do that. 

DRE: Well, I don't have- I don't- I don't know how much money I have, because it doesn't talk about money during the character creation.

AUSTIN: Well, if it doesn't for you, that means you don't have any. Other- other people def do.

DRE: Well- we just got a bunch of cash, though, right?

AUSTIN: You did just get a bunch of cash.

ART: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: You guys did just wind up with 50 gold coin each and then, uhh, and then, ah, Fantasmo got another twenty...five? From the council. To be clear, the gold that you retrieved from the tower, the thing that makes that special isn't that it's worth more. It's that you can use it anywhere. The kind of scrip that you have from Velas, this kind of like- these little bone, like... rings, kind of like a bronze-age coinage, you can only use that in Velas and maybe Ordenna, like, places that have a working relationship with Velas. But if you wind up down in Rosemerrow they- they don't give a fuck. If you talk to the New Archives, like, they want gold.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Or, or they want their local currency, but what's good about the gold is that you can- you can use that anywhere.

NICK: Sure. So wait, so we got 50 coins... 

AUSTIN: 50 gold coins.

NICK: 50 gold coins, oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes. Uh, and I'm confirming, Dre, you don't have any, any-

DRE: Yeah, I just double-checked.

ART: Uh, rangers have some kind of, like, survival-y move, or like, hey, you can eat, 'cause you're- you know what berries are... not... poisonous.

DRE: Um... I don't, I don't think so? I'm looking and I don't, I don't see that. Umm... 

ART: I believe Hadrian would see it as his-

DRE: That's the human, um, the human ranger skillset-

AUSTIN: Right, right-

DRE: When you make camp, you don't have to consume a ration.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Alright. Uh, I think Hadrian would see it as part of his, you know, responsibility to make sure-

AUSTIN: That you guys had the rations. So you're gonna buy-

ART: Well, that at least- that, that everyone who's not Fantasmo is not going to starve.

NICK: Great.

AUSTIN: Geeeez.

NICK: Thanks, buddy.

ART: Well, no, it's also just like, I know Fantasmo just got paid, right?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's true. That's true. 

ART: Like, I'm here to save lives, I'm not here to save people money.

NICK: What's, uh- alright, fair enough. Um... 

AUSTIN: That's, uh, that's fair.

NICK: How much- how much are rations?

AUSTIN: Oh right, that's... that is what I was looking up just now. 

NICK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Um, they aaaare... 3 coins. So that's, I think that's-

ART: Per ration?

AUSTIN: Per ration, which comes with 5 uses.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: So 3 coins for 5 uses. That's- that's cheap.

ART: Yeah, that's real cheap.

AUSTIN: Y'all got that. In general, I kind of feel like prices are higher in most of the world, but I think Velas is like a good baseline city for all these prices. Like, I kind of like it being the, the status quo, like, book prices.

ART: And as a fishing city they would probably have reasonably cheap rations.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: They probably taste terrible because they're probably, like, salt cod and shit-

AUSTIN: Yup.

ART: But y'know. We’re on the road.

DRE: Just a whole bunch of sardines. That's all we're eatin'.

AUSTIN: Uh, you could also buy a personal feast, which is 1 use for 10 gold. 

NICK: Uh... how m- how heavy is that?

AUSTIN: It's 1 weight. It's also 1 weight. It is kind of the best. It is kind of the best.

NICK: I'm gonna buy one one use of rations and one personal feast. 

ART: We're just gonna have, like, a woods feast-

AUSTIN: I love it. I love it. It's one of my favorite things about this book now. Because it comes right after dungeon rations, which are 5 uses for 3 coins and also 1 weight, and this next- the personal feast is just not as good, right? On paper. And that's Dungeon World communicating to the reader, like, nonononono- like, this game is not about balance, right, like we're not here to- like, it's an ostentatious feast, but that's the important part. 

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: The thing that it is is important. We can do stuff with that.

NICK: So...

AUSTIN: When we, well, when you eat it, I'm gonna ask you what's in it. Start giving it- giving it some thought.

NICK: That actually puts me- that puts me at 1 over my load, but that just means that I'm gonna have to, like, juggle my Invisible Servant carrying my books and stuff.

AUSTIN: What do you mean...

ART: I think your Invisible Servant should absolutely carry your ostentatious feast.

NICK: Well, I mean- he'll be serving it to me. You know, when the, when the time comes, but, you know, no, he carries the books. That's his job. Yeah. That's his job.

AUSTIN: That's his job? Yeah?

NICK: He carries the books. 

AUSTIN: So, in other words, is he okay, though? Right now? So is he holding- all of your-

NICK: Yeah, yeah, yeah-

AUSTIN: Are you over-

NICK: No, I'm not overencumbered.

AUSTIN: So you're not over encumbrance.

NICK: Because I gave him the books, which is 2 weight, and he can carry 3. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. Awesome. Okay. So... Art's roll failed. Nick, do you wanna give me yours?

NICK: Sure. Oh wait! Oh. But also, though, I wanted to do- I wanted to do this fun thing, um, I wanted to-

AUSTIN: Oh, what's your fun thing?

NICK: I wanted to cast Telepathy and create a connection between me and Throndir so that if he sees somebody, he can just send a message back to me right away.

AUSTIN: Good call.

DRE: Oh, nice.

NICK: And maybe we can get, like, a +1, I don't know, like, how that would manifest. We can get a jump on whoever it is easier... Like, get some extra time...

AUSTIN: That's cool. I'm into that. I'm into that.

NICK: Um...

AUSTIN: One second, I have to plug in a thing. 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: I'll be right back.

DRE: So what kind of, uh, what kind of brain conversations are we having between, uh, Throndir and Fantasmo? 

NICK: Um. Probably, I'm guessing, probably a lot of Throndir asking Fantasmo a bunch of questions and Fantasmo just... yeah.

DRE: Harrumphing.

NICK: Maybe grumpily answering some of them and others just, like, you know. 

FANTASMO: I'll tell you when you're older. 

NICK: Or something like that.

DRE: Yeah. Yeah, no, because, I mean, you're like, you're the first non-snow elf that like, he has gotten to spend time with.

NICK: Yeah.

DRE: So he is probably just full of questions, like, and they're probably, like, really mundane questions like- 'How old are you?'

NICK: Yeah.

DRE: ‘Where are you from?’ Like, ‘do we write letters the same?’- like just, like really, like, stuff that to Fantasmo would just seem, like, super mundane and obvious.

NICK: Yeah-

ART: I think Fantasmo does like, the- 'oh, the reception's really bad' gimmick a lot. Like, ‘oh I can't hear you, the telepathy is breaking up!’

DRE: Goin' through a tunnel!

ART: It’s like, wait a minute...

AUSTIN: Oh. That's not how telepathy works.

FANTASMO: There are a lot of bugs in this area of the woods! It's breaking my concentration!

DRE: But you know what? Throndir would buy it. 

AUSTIN: Yup.

DRE: He would totally buy it hook, line, and sinker. Every time.

ART: None of us know how magical telepathy works!

DRE: Yeah, seriously. 

ART: Oh yeah, bugs. Bugs fuck it up. Sure. 

AUSTIN: Um, alright, so now- 

NICK: Oh yeah, I'm gonna roll my-

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, go ahead and do your- your roll...

NICK: My Wis... 9. 

DRE: Nice.

AUSTIN: That's, that's good. That means that you use the amount of rations as, as expected. So let's say 9 days, diagonally, does that seem fair? 10?

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Let's say- 

ART: Uhh... It would actually be, uh- ...do you... want me to do math?

AUSTIN: I don't... care. Enough.

ART: Okay.

DRE: Austin Walker GM philosophy: Iiiii don't care enough.

AUSTIN: I'm actually checking now, though, 'cause now I suddenly- I suddenly started caring. 'Cause I'm the worst.

ART: It's, it's about- it's about- it's about 10, it's just under 10.

AUSTIN: It's just under- okay, so my gut was right, I should've just gone with my gut. Uh... so, yeah, 9 to 10 days, depending on the speed of your travel and stuff, um, and the-

ART: But I fucked that right up.

AUSTIN: You did! Uh, and you were the Trailblazer, which means that, in fact, it's gonna take you 2 weeks now. Instead of 9 or 10 days.

ART: Woo! Uh... woof. We, we uh, we took a detour. We're probably in another box for a while.

AUSTIN: The good news is that Hadrian doesn't need to eat. Ah, and Nick succeeded at his roll, meaning, uh, or Fantasmo succeeded as a, as a Quartermaster, meaning that's still not gonna take up all of your rations. Mark down 3 uses of rations taken before we get to the next, like, before I start narrating some more, but mark down the 3 uses for now of rations.

DRE: How many, uh, how many rations did uh, Hadrian give me?

ART: Uh, 5? 

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Mm. 5-

ART: 5 times 5 uses...

AUSTIN: Okay, so 25. That's 5 weight, so mark that.

DRE: Oh, god, that's more than I can carry.

ART: I can carry some of it.

AUSTIN: Split those up. Make sure you're right on that before we move on, because otherwise it'll- it would, and should, come into use, right; it should come into effect if you're, like, stocking up on rations.

DRE: What if you gave me 2 rations so I had 10 extra uses.

AUSTIN: And then Hadrian carry the remaining 3?

DRE: Yeah. So then I'd be down to 12 uses.

ART: Alright, I have- I have 7 weight available.

AUSTIN: Okay, so you could just carry 'em all.

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Or just split them up like... like Dre said. 

ART: Yeah, sure.

NICK: Just wrote down my feast on my character sheet as Fancy Feast.

AUSTIN: Sure. Is that what it is? That you're- a cat elf? 

NICK: I mean- we both got ears.

DRE: Oh, god. 

AUSTIN: Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. 

ART: Here comes the fanart!

AUSTIN: Yup, here comes that catboy Fantasmo art. Whoops, let me make that my- Okay. So you've been, you've been walking through the woods for days now. Uh, you, as you get closer and closer it does get colder and colder. You pass by, you know, um, trees that have uh, clearly stopped growing at this point, frozen in place, though there are some pines and stuff that do well. The ones that are frozen come from a different time. Um, they're trees that seem to have been, like, flash-frozen from when this place wasn't so cold, from when it wasn't the world it is now. Um... Dre, at some point- Throndir, when you're scouting ahead, ah, you see across- so you're up on top of, like, a hill, and you're looking down into a valley, and you see a number of small figures chasing after some sort of big brown beast.

DRE: Oh, geez.

AUSTIN: Probably, you know, probably one of the animals that has, you know, fur thick enough to live in weather like this.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Probably some sort of herbivore that they hope to eat. They're kind of at a far distance, but you can just make out their shape; they're thin, wiry, short, kind of leathery brownish-green skin...

DRE: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: Some of them have bows and some of them are throwing spears at this thing. There's lots of shouting. They don't- they have not seen you, to be clear.

DRE: Umm, if I wanted to, like, would that be a, a Spout Lore to see if Throndir would, like, recognize these creatures, or would that be a Discern Realities?

AUSTIN: That would be a Spout Lore, I think, in this case, right? Discern Realities is about, is about, like, sitting down- or not sitting down but, like, carefully looking over an area. If you wanted to go down there in ten minutes and examine where they were hunting, that would be Discern Realities. But this, I think, would be a Spout Lore.

DRE: Okay. Uh, so that's- a 2d6 plus Intelligence modifier? 

AUSTIN: Yup.

DRE: Okay. Uhhh, 9.

AUSTIN: On a 9, the GM will tell you something interesting. It's on you to make it useful.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Those are definitely goblins. 

DRE: Aaah.

AUSTIN: Those are definitely goblins. And you've run into them here and there in your time, um, I don't know what sort of relationship you've had with them, but you've definitely grown up hearing different things about them. You've definitely heard up- grown up, I think- mostly hearing about their savagery and about how they eschew civilization, they eschew the organized life. Um, in favor of being wild. Lots of, like- it might even be like a, a, um, not just a slur but, like, the sort of thing the snow elf parents tell the snow elf children, like, 'you're being a real goblin right now!' 'Put it back! Put it back!'

DRE: Yeah. Or they would tell you goblin stories to make sure you did your chores, right-

AUSTIN: Right, exactly. Exactly.

DRE: 'Cause goblins come and get snow elf children who don't behave.

AUSTIN: Exactly. Yeah, both. Both of those things. Yeah. 

DRE: Yeah. Uh, if I wanted to know what the big furry brown creature was, would that be a second Spout Lore check?

AUSTIN: Uh, no, you just, uh- I didn't have a cool fantasy name for, like, um... like, a wildebeest. For like a snow wildebeest. But that's what it is.

ART: Snowdebeest.

AUSTIN: Ah, yup. Snowdebeest. A snowdebeest. 

DRE: Snowdebeest.

AUSTIN: You probably don't have a good name for it, like, in the common tongue, so I could hear- I could definitely hear Throndir saying 'oh that's a... that's a, oh, what would you call it- that's a snowdebeest.' Definitely. 

ART: And they wouldn't know that was, like, felt like a weird reggae word, 'cause they don't have reggae.

AUSTIN: Yes they do.

DRE: You don't know about my snow elf culture. You don't know. 

AUSTIN: Ahhh. I'm not doing a patois. Don't do a patois. 

ART: I wasn't going to!

AUSTIN: Okay, good-

ART: But I was like, yeah, you know, we're like- we're like a snow people but we also have, like, a really tropical-associated music from the real world.

AUSTIN: From the human world.

DRE: We journeyed from a far land... on a sled...

AUSTIN: Oh, boy. Oh, brother.

DRE: So I think, you know, in my- I use my telepathy to radio back to Fantasmo and be like, 

 Throndir: We have- there's a goblin hunting party up ahead. There's 4 of 'em, they're chasing something right now, so we can either move around them, or we can try and take them on and take their supplies. Goblins are- are hoarders, so they might have something useful if we decide we wanna try and take them on.

NICK: Umm. I share this info with Hadrian. Uhh. And then, uh-

HADRIAN: Huh.

NICK: Fantasmo says- 

FANTASMO: I'd rather go around them, myself.

ART: Yeah, that- I don't want- I don't want any un- I don't wanna... get into trouble right now. We've been lost here for a long time. I’m so bad at this.

DRE: You're just tired, you don't even wanna deal-

AUSTIN: Yeah!

DRE: You can't even deal with goblins right now. 

ART: Like, I'm pretty tired for a person who magically doesn't need to sleep.

AUSTIN: You definitely- with that decision made, you definitely end up circling back here, like, two hours later- uh, and, and Throndir, you know this because you find that same hill and see that goblin hunting party walking back the other way through the valley with, like- carrying the felled beast on their shoulders. Yeah, it's not going well. In general, what's the tone of this trip like for you all? I know that again, when we left the tower there was some- there was some, you know, intensity, let's say, regarding Hadrian and Fantasmo. Has that continued?

NICK: Um-

ART: It’s all been great.

NICK: As far as Fantasmo's concerned, y'know, whatever, we just need to get- like, he doesn't understand why Hadrian's so upset about it. It's a book, and I'm a wizard. I have to have the book, like what- what's the big deal?

AUSTIN: Do you guys-

ART: And I-

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

ART: And I think Hadrian is like, like- I'm stuck, right? Like, this is where I was told to go and Fantasmo's here. Like, what am I gonna do, like- I'm not gonna- I'm not gonna hurt him. I'm not gonna leave him. You know, it... He's here; I have to be here, this is- this is a command from my superiors, to, to investigate this. He's- he’s really smart, he knows a lot of stuff, he could help do this, but like, I sure hope the next time they order me to go somewhere, it's with other people. 

NICK: And-

AUSTIN: Um-

ART: You know, no offense intended, but like-

NICK: Fantasmo doesn't care. He's not here to make friends. He's got a job to do.

ART: You know, where's that- where's that- where's that druid that hates me? Or Hella! You know, like Hella... I'm friendly with that evil person. Who do I like here?

AUSTIN: I don't know! I think- I'm not- I'm honestly... more and more not very sure. Um- Good- good question.

DRE: So are you like, are you like trying to buddy-buddy up with Throndir 'cause it's, like, your last chance of having a friend?

ART: I think so, yeah, like that might be where I'm at now, like, please be a good person. Please? Please end up… realizing my religion is the one true faith.

AUSTIN: Do you guys, like- Do you, do you talk about what happened to the- at the tower, to Throndir at all? 

ART: I think as much, like, when we're making camp and stuff?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Like, I think I'm sensitive to- to not alienating Fantasmo, right?

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: Because again, I need him, he's important, we need to solve this- but yeah I think, I think I do want him to know, like, this is what we're doing, this is what happened...

AUSTIN: Can you do that-

ART: That guy's got an evil book-

AUSTIN: I know that Andrew's listened up to the- ...books-

DRE: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Right?

DRE: But the books was the last thing I've heard.

AUSTIN: The books was the last thing. And let's say, for the sake of handwaving and time, that Thor- you've, you've kind of caught Throndir up to that stuff. And in general that stuff is fairly uncontentious minus maybe the death of the skeleton man.

ART: Oh my god.

AUSTIN: But the final- that final two floors is- there's some meat there.

ART: Yeah, it's- it's-

AUSTIN: That Throndir doesn't know yet. And neither does Dre. Is that a thing you think either of you would tell Thoron- about- tell to Throndir?

NICK: Um. 

ART: Bits and pieces, right? Like, I mean certainly the big, broad things, right? Like, oh yeah, we fought- we fought-

AUSTIN: You guys can do this if you want. Yes.

HADRIAN: You know, we, we, there were some- some- very confused people in there.

 Throndir: Con- confused how?

HADRIAN: They were... they were like, mad. But like, profoundly- magically- theologically- mad.

 Throndir: Like... angry? Or like crazy?

HADRIAN: Like crazy. Y'know, they had markings and they had odd- odd relics. Really odd relics. I'm- Woof, those relics. 

 Throndir: Like what? What- what kind of relics?

HADRIAN: They had- there was an incident between- between Lem- you know Lem?

AUSTIN: He does not know Lem. 

HADRIAN: Orc? About yea high?

AUSTIN: I don't think he knows Lem.

HADRIAN: Uhh, well me and another one of our companions had a- Had a trying incident. 

DRE: I imagine that like Throndir this whole time is, like, sitting, like, wide-eyed, like a kid being told a ghost story. 

HADRIAN: We- I- I don't know how much I can- I can talk about it, but it was- there- there were evil and confusing things in that tower.

NICK: Is this- are you doing this- is this, like, during camp? Are you doing this within earshot of Fantasmo?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think this is a camp time... This is definitely a camp time...

NICK: Okay. Yeah.

ART: Yeah yeah yeah. Feel free to- feel free to jump in. 

NICK: Um, at hearing him- at hearing Hadrian say that it was evil, Fantasmo jumps in and says,

FANTASMO: It was neither evil nor good! It was simply a case of magical manipulation. 

HADRIAN: I- you didn't- you haven't seen what I've- what I've seen, you haven't-

FANTASMO: I saw the magic!

HADRIAN: You haven't had the weeks that I've had-

FANTASMO: Magic can be explained. Everything can be explained.

HADRIAN: I- I want that to be true so much. I want- I want the last few weeks of, of my life to be explainable, I- I do, but it's been very- this has been some of the most trying experiences since I've taken my vows. I can't- I can't wave it off as simply as that.

ART: And are we- are we traveling with that book?

NICK: Yeah, yeah, Fantasmo's totally got it with him. He's crackin' it open and readin' it. 

ART: I can't-

AUSTIN: Is it public?

NICK: During downtime stuff.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

HADRIAN: And I- I can't believe you’re- you've brought that with you. It uns- I've been told by you and by- by my superiors that it's- it might not be- dangerous to travel with, but- but I- it's so unsettling, I can't-

FANTASMO: I understand your concerns. The concerns of the lesser-educated. But trust me... When I say- There's nothing to fear from this book. Just because you personally do not know the intricacies of magical energies and arcane manipulations does not mean that it is something... evil or twisted or inherently... maleficent. 

NICK: That's not a word, but whatever.

AUSTIN: Nailed it. Yeah.

ART: That's the witch from Sleeping Beauty. 

DRE: No, but- But Fantasmo delivered it like it was a word. 

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. 

DRE: It's a word now.

AUSTIN: A real academic, in my experience. Just like I do. Um- So-

DRE: Uh, I think after-

AUSTIN: Go ahead. 

DRE: When Fantasmo says, like, everything can be explained, Throndir kind of perks up and maybe after that conversation is done he uses his telepathy to be like- to reach out to Fantasmo and be like,

 Throndir: You think everything can be explained? 

FANTASMO: Of course! 

 Throndir: Could you help me figure out something, then?

FANTASMO: Just because everything can be explained does not mean that I wish to explain it to you.

 Throndir: Yeah. Uh, sorry.

ART: Aww! Aww! Is anyone getting, like, a Tails vibe from...?

AUSTIN: Oh no! 

DRE: Aw, man.

AUSTIN: Oh no! 

ART: I don't mean it as a bad thing, people love those games!

DRE: Hey, if I get a biplane, I'm good with it.

NICK: Wait, I don't- Talking about different tales, I think. 

AUSTIN: No, we're talking about Tails fr-

ART: No, I was talking about Miles Prower.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Not- Tails fr- Miles ‘Tails’ Prower, yeah. That’s what-

NICK: I thought you were talking about the Tales RPG games with the little- the, uh-

AUSTIN: Oh! No, no.

NICK: What do they call those? They call 'em skits, or something? The, like, little bits of dialogue that happen when you're out and about in the world?

AUSTIN: Mmm. Oh, I didn't know they did that, that's really cool.

NICK: Yeah. They're pretty cool. Those are cool games.

AUSTIN: So that night, during the- while you're, you know, making camp and talking, you notice, as you get closer and closer, and then further because of Hadrian's, uh, leadership, and then back closer again- that the night sky is getting darker and darker to the east. And to the northwest, you can still feel the, um- you can still see the heat and warmth of Velas in the distance. Someone is going to-

ART: We've been traveling all this time and we still haven't gotten out of the-

AUSTIN: No. Not- not yet.

ART: I'm so bad at this.

AUSTIN: Well, at this point it's because you're up on that hill, and- you know.

ART: Oh. 

AUSTIN: Alright, so- so who is- who takes watch that night?

ART: Uh, I assume I've been taking all the watches 'cause I don't need to sleep.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah. That's fair. Um-

DRE: I can also take a watch shift.

AUSTIN: Let's just do one person here.

DRE: 'Kay.

AUSTIN: You can- you can use the Aid/Interfere move to help. And Art, go ahead and take a +1 on this from not needing to eat, drink, or sleep; I feel like that's a bonus, right? Like, you're not gonna get tired in the middle of this, and... you know.

ART: And wander off. What's that move?

AUSTIN: It's called Take Watch. When you're on watch and something approaches the camp, roll plus Wis-

ART: Oh, no.

AUSTIN: On a 10+, you're able to wake the camp and prepare a response. The camp takes +1 Forward. On a 7-9, you react just too late. The camp is awake, but hasn't had time to prepare; you have weapons and armor, but little else. On a miss, whatever lurks outside the campfire's light has the drop on you.

ART: Okay, I'm gonna hit roll Wis and then we have to add 1 to it manually.

NICK: Uh, can I-

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: I also-

ART: Oh, and- and there's a- it's Aid, I'm being Aided?

AUSTIN: Yes. So go ahead. Who was aiding? Throndir said they wanted to aid?

DRE: Well, I could, or also- I mean, either I could or Kodiak is trained to stand guard. So... I don't know-

AUSTIN: Is someone clicking a lot? Is someone clicking a lot? Okay. Your clicking is coming through on the- is leaking, right now.

NICK: Alright. Okay. I beat that boss, I won't click anymore.

AUSTIN: It's fine. Great. Great.

NICK: I'm paying attention! I promise!

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. Go ahead and make your Aid/Interfere, which is, uh, you roll plus Bond, and tell me what you're doing! And how are you aiding? Like, are you just up all night with him? 

DRE: Uh, Throndir?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: Yeah, I think, um, I think like after that campfire conversation, like, Throndir can tell Hadrian's got, like, he's carrying some stuff with him. Uh, and Throndir's probably, you know, stayin' up to chat with him, telling him things about, like, you know, like, you can really- you can lose some of your problems in the woods. When you're out here and you're away from everything. You know, in a kind of, like, that earthy, hippie way, it's like-

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: Man, it's just you- it's just you and the earth, man. Just- just try and let it go.

ART: It, like, just occurred to me that I chose to not need to sleep after having a bunch of bad dreams.

AUSTIN: Ohhhh...

ART: And that's, like, super interesting psychologically.

AUSTIN: That's super interesting. Yeah. That's really good. I like that a lot. I don't believe we didn't notice that. Uh, so yeah, go ahead and make Aid/Interfere, which is- when you help or hinder someone you have a bond with, roll plus Bond with them; on a 10+, they take +1 or -2, your choice. On a 7-9-

DRE: Uh, how do you add +1-

AUSTIN: It's- it's 1. You only have 1 Bond with Art. Er, with Hadrian. So 2d6+1. Okay! So Art, you go ahead and take another 1-

DRE: Did I take any... Would I get any bonus from Kodiak helping me out standing guard since he's trained to stand guard?

AUSTIN: Hm. That's a good question.

ART: Does it... matter? Right? 'Cause we-

AUSTIN: Well, it-

ART: We did it.

AUSTIN: It increases- it's gonna help me understand what happens, though.

ART: Okay. We're at 10.

AUSTIN: You're at 10. You succeeded. Remember, that doesn't mean that something doesn't come. It means that you're prepared. It means you're all awake and prepared. Art, Hadrian hears, um, Hadrian sees the moonlight catch the large eyes of a thing between some of the trees in the distance. And when you listen, you can hear a kind of- a, not rhythmic, but there is a timing to it where it's like, step step step, and then like a jump- you can hear a thing leaving the ground, and then like, a louder landing, and then step step step. Lift, land. And it's not too long until you finally see- you've gotten everyone up at this point, everyone's ready-

ART: Yeah, I bet telepathy's a good way to wake someone up without... alerting your... your ambushers.

AUSTIN: Yes. Good call. Uh, that's definitely good. But I do wanna know if the- if the mastiff, Kodiak, helps here. 'Cause it will- it will answer whether or not Dre has exposed himself; whether or not Throndir has exposed himself.

DRE: Mm.

AUSTIN: I'm having like a really hard time keeping my name situation working today. It's 'cause it's so early. This is so early for me.

DRE: Yeah.

ART: To be clear, it's like, 3 PM.

AUSTIN: It's so early for me to be, like, doing this. I say that, but like, last week I definitely was running a weird- I definitely forced my- my class to play that cool sci-fi game that I cooked up for them, so that they would understand the difference between technological and systemic problems. I'm a big nerd. Yeah, I think it gives you- I think it gives you a bonus. You'd have to make that command, right?

DRE: Yeah. Would I add, like, its cunning? It seems- 'cause it, it gives a couple of, like, specific examples. 

AUSTIN: It says- It says, if somebody interferes with you, add its Instinct to their roll. In this case, let's say it adds its Instinct to your roll. So what's its Instinct?

DRE: To the Aid? 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: Uh, it's 1, so I'd be at an 8. So I think I'd still be in that- exposing myself to danger.

AUSTIN: Okay. You'd still be in that- you're still exposing yourself to damage, or to retribution, or whatever. Which is interesting because you're up, and everyone's up and ready and, like, scanning the woods for any danger when suddenly landing right in front of you is a beast about- How tall are you?

DRE: Uh, Throndir?

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

DRE: I'd probably say about, like, 5'10".

AUSTIN: Three- two to three times your height, let's say?

DRE: Whoa! That's large.

AUSTIN: Uh, let's say two times your height. Two times your height seems right.

DRE: Okay!

AUSTIN: Uh, about 12, 13 feet. Uh- it is, uh- standing on- on- you kind of, like, do the classic pan up its body. Uh, its feet are kind of black furry talons, uh, and its legs have lots of meat on them and, and um, very sharp-looking brown and white feathers, uh, and as you look up its body you- you see that it's- it's really nice and bulky up in the torso and its arms are just built like Shaq's. Just like- I know your snow elves are big NBA fans. So like, they have a good Shaq reference. 

DRE: Gotcha.

AUSTIN: Just like, huge width- er, not width, length. Like, really good reach on this thing. And its face is a strange... it's round with big eyes and a very, um, a- a beak that protrudes out like two fist-lengths. Two of your fist-lengths from its face. And it screeches in the night and raises its arms up to come down at you. What do you do?

DRE: Oh boy. Well I guess I would try to roll out of the way. So that would be, I guess, a Defy Danger?

AUSTIN: Yeah. So you, like, roll to the side?

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: That's fair.

DRE: So let's see. If I'm rolling, that would be plus my Dex?

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

DRE: Uh, 9. 

AUSTIN: Okay. Um. Hmm. Let me look at your sheet-

ART: What is this thing?

DRE: I think I know what it is.

AUSTIN: You guys- you could Spout Lore on it, for sure. 

DRE: Yeah, could I- could I also do a Spout Lore check?

AUSTIN: Let's- let's, yeah, let's- let me take care of this Defy Danger first, though. 

DRE: Sure, sure.

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah, you can get out of the way. You can do that little dodge. But it means dropping your spear. 

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: So like you can get away, but it would mean, like, 'oh, I have to drop this thing and roll out of the way.'

DRE: Would I still have, like, my bow and my quiver on me?

AUSTIN: Mhm! Yeah, you still have those, like, out, basically. But, like, you're- the way you're standing, like, you have them ready and like- 'ah, I can't hold onto both of these and also do a cool roll!' So go ahead.

DRE: Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, I'll drop the spear.

AUSTIN: Okay. Uh, did you also want to say what is this thing, since you got a good look up at it?

DRE: Yeah, I'll Spout Lore. Oh, boy. A 6.

AUSTIN: You- You pop up and, like, turn to yell what you think it is to- to Hadrian and Fantasmo, and its claws just rip into you. Uh, as you turn. Like, you're distracted by your thinking of what to do- er, of what it is, rather.

DRE: Woof.

AUSTIN: Pretty woof. Take 6 damage.

DRE: Woof!

ART: Is there a dog?

AUSTIN: I love this. Hadrian and Fantasmo, what are you doing as Throndir gets-

 Throndir: It's a-

AUSTIN: Yeah. He gets- It hits you and it, like, slam- and again, it's one of these, like, you know the Avengers shot where Hulk lands and- or punches the dude and he goes flying offscreen? That's what's happening here. You get knocked offscreen into, like, a tree that, like, sways in the night sky. 

DRE: Yeah. Jesus.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo-

DRE: I imagine at this point Kodiak is also barking up a storm. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Losing it.

NICK: Uh, Fantasmo is gonna cast Magic Missiles at it. 

AUSTIN: Okay. Uh, go ahead and do your cool point animation.

NICK: Um. Alright.

AUSTIN: That you do. Remembering what that was. You make that roll... Just straight Int.

NICK: Rolled a 9.

AUSTIN: Uh, what's it say? What's Magic Missile say on a 9? Or is it just a-

NICK: It's...

DRE: Actually, before you do that- sorry- does armor do anything with losing- or, negating damage?

AUSTIN: Yes. It's- it takes whatever the armor value is off of the damage. Very- super simple.

DRE: Alright. So if I have 1, then I would have lost 5. Sorry.

AUSTIN: Yup! Exactly.

DRE: My bad.

NICK: That's a, um- On a 9 that's just- yeah.

AUSTIN: Oh, right. Yes yes yes. Are you- are you drawing unwelcome attention to yourself, putting yourself in a spot? Are you taking -1 ongoing to spellcasting? Or are you forgetting a spell?

NICK: Uh, I'm gonna put myself in a spot. 

AUSTIN: Okay! Go ahead and make your 2d6- or, 2d4 damage. Also, what did you take- oh, no, I do remember what you took. For leveling.

NICK: Oops.

AUSTIN: Oh, it's /roll, space... 2d4.

NICK: 4.

AUSTIN: Still learnin' the tools. Okay. Uh, what color were these lights? Were these missiles, again?

NICK: Purple.

AUSTIN: That's right. That's what I thought. That's like... was in my head, but- so these two purple blasts come out of Fantasmo's hands and slam into the- the back of this beast, which turns to face- face him, and charges forward at him. 

NICK: Umm.

AUSTIN: What do you do?

NICK: I'm gonna try to cast Invisible. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: 11! Yes.

ART: Ol' standby!

AUSTIN: The old standby. Okay.

NICK: Yup.

DRE: Damn. Good roll.

AUSTIN: So there's- hmm. Hmm. Okay. You- you turn invisible, uh, you do your normal thing. Hadrian and uh- Throndir, you see Fantasmo disappear as he waves his hand past his face in a 'you-can't-see-me' motion. Uh, all the way down his body, erasing himself from your visible plane. And Fantasmo, you sidestep this beast.

NICK: Okay. Yeah.

AUSTIN: But bit by bit you see things in the distance become less and less clear. 

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: A tree vanishes and then another. And then a star from the sky. And then a constellation. And then the moon is gone. Hadrian, what do you do?

ART: Uh, I'm gonna hack and slash. I'm gonna- I'm gonna charge this- well, I guess I'm using a halberd, which is a longer, er, ranged weapon.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: So I guess I'm not charging. That gets rid of all of my advantages. But I'm you know, I- I take a stance. I, you know, kinda like shake my sword, like, a little bit, like I'm trying to get his attention. I don't want him hitting anyone but me. And then I hit him. I, I swing at him.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Uhh... And I'm gonna... gonna hit the right roll thing... 

AUSTIN: Good call. Do that. That seems like an important thing to do.

ART: So it's plus Strength.

AUSTIN: It is.

ART: Uh, it's a 7.

AUSTIN: You deal your damage, but you also get an attack made against you. Go ahead and-

ART: Right. So my damage is d10 plus my weapon?

AUSTIN: No. Unless the weapon says plus damage, it's just d10. Classes determine-

ART: Right, I- my weapon is, I think is +1 damage, I'm going to double check-

AUSTIN: Yeah, double check. I know, like, swords are. Uhh... yes. Halberd is +1 damage.

ART: It's +1 damage. Plus I have 1d4 because of my- because I'm on a quest.

AUSTIN: Right. Right.

ART: So here's a d10 and we're gonna-

AUSTIN: That's 11d10. You rolled 11d10. You did not do 61 damage.

ART: That's not what that said! Alright, so that's a 1... +1 is 2... and then I have to roll a d4.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

NICK: Oh, man.

DRE: So you poke it. 

ART: Well, my d4 could still roll well. So it's 5. 5's not bad!

AUSTIN: 5's not bad. Uh… Okay. 

ART: I probably could have done that in one thing, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah. I think you probably catch it in the back. Um, it's a huge- like, a burst of feathers goes up into the air, colored with this thing's black blood, as it turns around and screams at you before jumping way into the air and flapping its arms long enough to hover in the sky for just a moment. Throndir, what's up with you?

DRE: Uh, I'm- nockin' an arrow in my bow. I'm gonna shoot this thing out of the sky.

AUSTIN: Let's go for it. That's a Volley.

DRE: So that's a Volley, yeah.

AUSTIN: Volley says- 'cause I don't know if we've done Volley before.

DRE: We have not.

AUSTIN: When you take aim and shoot at an enemy at range, roll +Dex. On a 10+, you have a clear shot. Deal your damage. On a 7-9, choose one, whichever you choose, you deal damage. You have to move to get the shot, placing you in danger of the GM's choice; you have to take what you can get, minus 1d6 damage; or, you have to take several shots, reducing your Ammo by 1. Ammo is this cool kind of abstract resource in Dungeon World; each time someone does Volley, they're always shooting, like, a couple of shots unless they say otherwise, but that doesn't mean that their Ammo goes down. Their ammo only goes down when they roll the 7-9, or they miss and I say, like, okay, that's gonna cost you an ammo.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So, go ahead.

DRE: Well, I rolled a 6, so I suppose I miss.

AUSTIN: Uh, you- you do. You- Kodiak's barking up at the thing and you're like, 'yeah, I hear you!' and you fire off a few shots and- and each of them misses. Um, and then the- the giant beast in the sky lands, separating you from Kodiak and lifting Kodiak up in its claws.

ART and DRE: No!

AUSTIN: What do you do? Anyone.

NICK: Uh, what's happening to- are things still disappearing for me?

AUSTIN: The fire is still there, but the bedrolls you had are slowly vanishing-

NICK: So what am I seeing instead? Just, like, a field of black?

AUSTIN: It's strange. Well, at first it's the- it’s the snow. At first, it's the remaining starlight on the snow, and then the snow folds in on itself and you see a new starfield under the current one. 

NICK: Cool.

AUSTIN: Or, like, below the ground.

ART: For clarity's sake-

AUSTIN: Mhm?

ART: The rest of us don't see this, right?

AUSTIN: No. Everyone else is just in the woods.

ART: Alright. So it's not physically disappearing. 

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: He's not unmaking the universe right now.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: Unfortunately.

ART: 'Cause that'd be something worth noting.

AUSTIN: That'd be bad.

NICK: Fantasmo'd be pretty proud about that. 

AUSTIN: Uh, you still see- you do still see these people moving around in the kind of black, which is interesting. You know, like, they're- they're, even as the snow vanishes beneath their feet, the light from the campfire, um, illuminates them, and they're kind of- it's almost, you know, I think especially Throndir, who got knocked away a bit, who's now standing just on a star field.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: You know. It's a little disorienting for sure. More than a little. 

NICK: Yeah, but- it's disorienting but also Fantasmo's just fascinated by it. Like he's- he's kind of at a loss what to do, but he kind of doesn't wanna do anything to end it, 'cause he just wants to witness whatever this thing is. Like, whatever's happening, he wants to study it, you know?

AUSTIN: Mhm. Yup.

ART: Uh, okay. I'd sort of like to defend? But I'm not near anyone I can defend. Is there like a- is there an interpretation of this rule where I'm like- where it's- it's like a verbal defend? Like a-

DRE: You could defend Kodiak. 

ART: Oh, I guess I don't understand where-

AUSTIN: Are you looking to, like, draw attention- is that what your goal is here? 

ART: Yeah. Like, I'm- it's like, I wanna- Kodiak is the one I'm- like, I am trying to, like- 

HADRIAN: No, don't attack him, hit me. Don't hit- 

ART: And I, like- that's either defend or it's just attack, right? 

AUSTIN: I think you can make that defend- you know, the way defense is written, it's supposed to be a stance that you go into ahead of time, right? Like 'I'm going to be defending Kodiak,' right? 

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: But damage hasn't been done to Kodiak yet. You could still, I think, say from here forward you're going to start defending Kodiak. Um-

ART: But there's also like- is the best defense a good offense right now, right?

AUSTIN: That's up to you. That's up to you, uh, for sure.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Um. I think either one of those is a perfectly valid reaction. 

ART: Alright, I think I'm- I think I'm going- if- I think I'm gonna try to hit it. I think I'm gonna try to, you know- you know, try to establish myself as the biggest threat here.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: You'll forgive the MMO parlance.

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes.

ART: Um, so- so yeah. I think I'm- I'm, you know, again, I'm trying to make a lot of noise. I'm trying to make big movements, you know, I'm trying to establish, you know, I don't know how primitive this thing is but I'm trying to like establish that, like, 'look, this is the thing here.'

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: 'The guy with the big sword. Not that dog. This guy.'

AUSTIN: Dre, did you get knocked off of Roll20?

DRE: Uh, no?

AUSTIN: Okay. Your thing isn't showing up for me anymore, so I wasn't sure.

DRE: Oh. That's weird.

AUSTIN: Also, Roll20 broke for me just now, so it could be on my side. I'm gonna relaunch it. Um, go ahead, keep- keep- go ahead and make your roll. I'll trust you.

NICK: It is-

ART: It's a 10!

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Is it?

ART: It is, I can verify.

DRE: Yeah! It totally is! 

 Throndir: Don't hurt my dog!

AUSTIN: That's a good- that's a good roll, I see it. So go ahead and do damage. 

ART: Alright. I think I'm gonna- I think I'm gonna take the +1d6, but expose myself?

AUSTIN: Okay!

ART: Because I think that fits here, too, right? Like, I'm not trying to avoid his attacks. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, absolutely it does! Absolutely. 

ART: I want this dude. 

AUSTIN: Yup.

ART: Uh, how do I- I'm just gonna-

AUSTIN: Did you do 'em as separate rolls?

ART: Yeah. There's my d10. Or... no, that isn't...

AUSTIN: I don't see it- oh, there it is.

ART: There it is! 

DRE: There it is.

ART: Okay, and there's- and there's... roll 1d6... damn it. And there's-

AUSTIN: That's a bad one.

ART: And there's roll 1d4. So it's 11. Oh, plus my weapon.

AUSTIN: Plus 1.

ART: 12.

AUSTIN: Right. Uhh, minus... Okay. You what type of attack are you making here? Like, what’s the-

ART: Uh, I think it's like a big- big sword sweep.

AUSTIN: Okay. Or, or, halberd sweep.

ART: Halberd sweep. Right. I keep forgetting it's not a sword.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know. It's hard.

ART: But it's a- polearms are weird, guys.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

ART: I mean that’s really not how you use a pole- so I guess it's a- I guess it's like a big stab, right? It's a big, like, upward jut.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

ART: You know, and I'm not short of, like, daring him to charge in- like, that's what I'm daring him on the opening to attack, is like, I want him to charge back to-

AUSTIN: So you're in front of it? Are you in front of it? 

ART: I think I'm behind it.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Because I think he turned away from me, 'cause that's where I thought Kodiak was? But I'm wrong, that's not where-

AUSTIN: That's- no, that's what I had in mind. That's why I asked, to be clear.

ART: So like, it's a big, like, hit into his back, but then like, I pull back and kind of, like, try to brace for his charge, but he's probably not... gonna charge me.

AUSTIN: You- you, uh- Throndir, from your side, what you see is the front end of a halberd burst through this thing's chest just under where it's holding, um- what's the mastiff's, I keep forgetting- oh, Kodiak. Kodiak jumps away safely and then, and then you see Hadrian go back into a ready stance before this beast falls to its knees and then collapses into the snow, its blood draining out around it. 

ART: Woof! Woof.

AUSTIN: What were you- what were you gonna say this was? Uh, Thoron- Throndir?

DRE: Uh. Is it an owlbear? 

AUSTIN: It is an owlbear. 

DRE: Yeah! 

AUSTIN: Do you tell that to Hadrian?

DRE: Yeah. 

NICK: Yes. Owlbears.

HADRIAN: What a... What a gross thing.

AUSTIN: You know that owlbears definitely are hunters. They definitely hunt in the night. But while you were scouting, you didn't see any, like, of the telltale signs of the owlbear hunting in this area, right, like- owlbears have their territory, and it's marked. And you would know how to see that.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But you didn't see it anywhere. So this was a very strange attack. 

NICK: Um. 

AUSTIN: Fantasmo! How you doin'?

NICK: I don't know. You tell me. What's goin' on?

AUSTIN: The fire goes out.

ART: Still trippin' balls?

NICK: Do I still see the people?

AUSTIN: The fire's gone. You see areas where the starfield is blocked out by bodies, but you don't see their features anymore. They're kind of lit in what stars remain, and the stars are continuing to vanish for you, too.

NICK: What happens if I try to talk? Is there- okay. Um. 

AUSTIN: You can talk.

NICK: I try- I try to talk. And I try to say, to the other two, uh,

FANTASMO: Something very peculiar is happening to me right now.

DRE: Can we hear that?

AUSTIN: Yeah! Yeah. Sorry. I was stretching.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: And thinking. 

ART: Can we, like, echolocate-

AUSTIN: Nick, you-

ART: I think echolocate's too fancy a term.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you know where- you can hear him, if that's what you mean. He's standing-

DRE: Well, yeah.

ART: But like he's- he's in a place-

AUSTIN: Yes. He's there. 

DRE: Throndir's never seen this before, so he's freaking out, he's like, 

 Throndir: Where- Fantasmo, where are you? Where did you go?

AUSTIN: His books are also floating nearby him, now, let's say. 

ART: Oh, right. 

AUSTIN: It's very odd. Uh, Fantasmo. You realize now, after the things have calmed down a bit, that you don't remember how you did this. And it's not exactly the same as when you normally forget a spell.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: It's not... It's a little different. It's not like it's- you know, normally there's a kind of safe- you know. It's like when you- it's like when you hang your keys on, like, a hook on the wall. Right?

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: Like, okay. I don't have them on me anymore.

NICK: Uh-huh.

AUSTIN: But they're right over there! I can go get them. This is, like, I lost my keys.

NICK: Oh. Sure. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Uh.

AUSTIN: It's very scary.

NICK: My keys are not where I put them anymore. 

FANTASMO: My invisibility spell is not- not where I put it.

HADRIAN: Can you... Can you- I don't know the words for any of this- can you not be invisible? 

FANTASMO: I'm... I think I wanna ride this out for a while. It's very fascinating. 

DRE: You're just like-

NICK: Yeah.

ART: You're on, like, a really bad trip right now. 

AUSTIN: Hey, internet. Welcome to Friends at the Table, an actual-play podcast focused on critical worldbuilding- let me start over. Keith, cut that. I forgot that I said the name of the- I was like, oh shit, did I not say the name of the podcast? And then I did, it turns out. He's not gonna cut this. I know how Keith do.

[AUTUMN07]

AUSTIN: At this point, Hella has already gone and returned from Ordenna, Lem has been dodging the archivists who were after him for stealing that violin; and finally, you know, Fero, I think, has just kinda been, milling about, thinking about nature, your place in it... You find each other in the pub that Lem hid out in, and you spend the last couple of hours, let’s say, chatting with an elven man, named Gregalos. 

GREGALOS: Do any of you know the way to Rosemarrow? 

AUSTIN: he says.

GREGALOS: There’s, there’s something I’m interested in. Another book.

FERO: Buddy, how’s your ship?

CALHOUN: Ah, it’s- ah, it’s good, you know. Patch it up, you know, bounce off a couple rocks, everything’s good. Everything’s good now.

FERO: Can you- can we take a low- I just wanna do, like a- like, can we take a look at it?

CALHOUN: Yeah, boat party!

KEITH: Boat party! We’re gonna have a fucking boat party with Calhoun, what’s up-

AUSTIN: He waves his hand at the people in the pub, like to follow him, and your group goes to - with you to the boat. To his boat.

FERO: Calhoun! Boat party!
	
CALHOUN: Boat party! Whoo!

FERO: Boat party!

AUSTIN: He does a little spin with his finger, and you realize quickly that like, the way he says “boat party” communicates more than you thought; like, this time when he says it, some people swing into action.

KEITH: Okay, undead pirates, fuck boats. I said, no boats.

AUSTIN: What’s worse is now you have a choice. You could pilot the ship into the craggy nose of this continent. Or, you could try to straighten it out and regain control but that’ll put you right in the line of Brandish’s boat.

KEITH: Uhm-

JACK: I think this should be up to Hella.

KEITH: I think that, should be up to me- 

JACK: Of course you do, Fero.

AUSTIN: You always do.

KEITH: Because I said no boats, and you did boats; we’re not crashing- we’re not gonna intentionally crash our boat.

AUSTIN: Let’s pick a better- I should’ve- I should’ve painted a better picture, we should- this is, this was a good characterization opportunity that I just realize I missed. One of the things that’s nice about this is that, like, we get to see Lem, Hella, and Fero in different spots while this happens. So, this is happening and Hella definitely has the vision of it. She’s the one who knows exactly what’s going to happen first, is the scout up in the crow’s nest with her spyglass. I imagine Lem is like, in the kind of captain’s quarters, like, as depicted in fiction in, you know, movies and games. It’s kind of like, crowded area with big - with a big table, with a map and just like weird, you know-

KEITH: You see like, a protractor thing-

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s a protractor up in the - it’s just like the room, is just - is just lush and old in, like, a bad way, like a little too musty and a little too, just like - this is the room of a man who’s been on many adventures and taken many things, and doesn’t really care about them but knows he has to hold on to trophies anyway. And so there’s, just like, very strange artifacts here. Like, the Archives would love this room, except that it’s not been taken care of very well. But - in my mind, Lem, you’ve been - because you’re the quartermaster, you’ve been stuck underdeck. Like-
KEITH: I’m the quartermaster,

AUSTIN: Right - I’m sorry, I said Lem - fuck! Every game, I’m gonna forg- I’m gonna mess it up, god damn, Fero!

KEITH: Every- yeah you’ve done it a couple times already, too… I do seem like a Lem, I’ll give you that- yeah-

AUSTIN: You seem like a Lem! Fero! You are under deck, and are - have been, you know, cooking food and attending to people and mixing drinks. You’re kind of in this-

KEITH: And they’re loving it-

AUSTIN: They’re loving it, and that’s when the waves start to hit, so you actually don’t really have much of a clear idea what’s going on above deck. You just-

KEITH: No, but I freak out-

AUSTIN: But the - you - but you’re not there. Wait, who’s been drawing on this map with big green marks?

ALI: That was me, I don’t know how to get rid of it, it’s okay…

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. I can actually just - I guess I can’t just do, like, a clear - anyway!

JACK: Wow, Ali, that’s big and green.

ALI: I don’t know what I did.

KEITH: No when - as when I feel the wave, I mean-

AUSTIN: But you just - so you’ve been feeling those, the waves have been coming, is what I’m saying, for quite some time, like, there isn’t a-

KEITH: There isn’t, like, a big one - big last one?

AUSTIN: It’s - it’s coming - you kind of have to have gotten used to it. This is what I’m saying is, there will be a big last one, depending on what you decide to do here. I think Ali is the one who has - Ali, or, theoretically, Lem, if he comes out of that room. Like, it’s one of the two. It has to be one of the two, or the two in concert; only because Fero, you’re under deck, dealing with people, right. Part of being a quartermaster is also just, like, you have to hope that people are not, like, fighting. When things start to get bad, you’re in charge of keeping them calm, you know.

KEITH: Yeah…

JACK: Okay, so… I’d like to defer to Hella here, but I think that a lot of that is out of my own confusion and cowardice and embarrassment rather than any sort of noble, like, “Hey, this pirate king’s your business!”. So I think to an extent, I’m just sort of trying to find another Hadrian to hide behind...

ALI: So I…

JACK: So - sorry, very briefly, could I roll to discern realities first?

AUSTIN: How are you doing that? Like, what are you trying to discern? How are you doing your discerning?

JACK: I don’t know, I think I’m… I think I’m peering - I’m shading my eyes and peering out at the oncoming - the oncoming boats. I’ve snapped open a, uh, velcro - I like to think that velcro exists in this world, I don’t know why, I like to think that that’s a thing the archivists would’ve put research into.

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure. If not them, then somebody before the Erasure. Right, like, maybe finding velcro, maybe that’s one of those great examples of like, “We found this thing, and it’s amazing. We can do this. This isn’t that hard. We can do this,”

JACK: “This makes pockets really easy!”. So I snap open a velcro - a velcro pocket, and I throw some powders into the - into the ocean, and watch them foam up around the waves. And I’m gonna roll “Discern Realities” to try and answer some questions about them - the pirates, and about these waves in particular.

AUSTIN: Are you - are you using… Is it like a piece of adventuring gear for you? Do you have adventuring gear?

JACK: … No, I don’t. So I guess I can’t do this…

AUSTIN: That’s a sha - Or you can-

KEITH: Do you just, invent powders-

AUSTIN: Yeah, like, “Oh, I have this weird powder that can help me read the waves,” like, sure that can be a part of - yeah-

JACK: I don’t think it’s a “read the waves” thing; I think it’s a - from the perspective of the Archivists, it’s, like, litmus paper? You know? It’s like a chemical thing that we can do to detect the -

AUSTIN: It’s not their - then, you just do it - I was gonna - I was saying that it could be a part of your adventuring gear, because then you could mark down that that’s a thing you have. But because you don’t have adventuring gear, you don’t - which is - all it’s going to mean is you’re just not gonna - give you a benefit to this roll, do you know what I mean? That’s fine, just make the roll playing…

JACK: So, discern realities is plus… what’s discern realities? 

AUSTIN: Wis.

KEITH: Wisdom.

JACK: Nine.

AUSTIN: Okay, so you get to ask one question.

JACK: … I’d like to ask, “What here is not what it appears to be?” I guess no - nothing is a fair answer…

AUSTIN: It is! A fair answer, I’m just trying to decide - I’m trying to be as fair as possible, and make sure there isn’t something that… you’ve missed… I don’t think there’s any - I mean, no, nothing- nothing here is not what it seems to appear to be. Nothing here is - yeah, not what it seems to appear to be. Everything is what it seems to be.

JACK: Alright. Hella. Go wild.

ALI: … Gosh, this is tough…

AUSTIN: I feel like this… so what do you want to do?

KEITH: I know what I want to do-

AUSTIN: You’re down - you’re under deck,

KEITH: I know,

ALI: We… have I killed this guy? I should know that right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I don’t know, have you?

ALI: Sure...

AUSTIN: I mean, you stabbed him, is what I’m saying. You did - you know you beat him in combat, but-

ALI: Okay. Okay. I think that he’s dead…

AUSTIN: Okay. You think that he’s dead. Sure.

KEITH: He’s dead he’s an undead pirate-

AUSTIN: Okay. A thing I like about this game is, when I wrote these notes, he was a living pirate king but now he’s definitely an undead pirate king.
 
JACK: Yeah-

ALI: Thanks, Keith.

KEITH: You’re welcome

ALI: Thank you - but like -

KEITH: You’re welcome!

ALI: So I think that I killed him, and I just think that this is, like, his crew that wants revenge.

AUSTIN: You have a spy - you have that spyglass, right? Hm…

KEITH: Aw man, if you see shambling corpses on the deck - Aw, man...

AUSTIN: No, they’re not - they’re super not shambling, is the thing. They’re moving with just, like, a speed and precision of a well practiced machine. It’s just that they don’t - they don’t have-

KEITH: When I said shambling, I don’t mean - I don’t mean that they’re, like, walking slow and not - I mean - I mean, like, you can see their bones moving around-

AUSTIN: Right. Yes. Yes, that’s the thing she can see. With like-

KEITH Yeah - Awh, what if he woke up and killed his crew, and then they were all also undead pirates -

AUSTIN: Yeah, weird. That’d be weird- be weird if that happened, huh?

KEITH: Yeah. That’d be weird if that happened-

AUSTIN: Keith, you should stop talking. 

ALI: As Austin frantically types-

AUSTIN: Yeah, as Austin frantically changes what this encounter is -

KEITH: It’s okay, it’s okay, that’s what -

ALI: You’re the one screwing us -

JACK: Austin just selected all his tags and deleted them -

AUSTIN: Right? No, no, no, so, yeah - but, yeah, if you look - I guess, here’s the thing… I feel like there’s a moment now when you could make a decision before knowing the - knowing whether or not these are undead pirates-

JACK: The problem is, we know they’re undead pirates-

AUSTIN: We know they’re undead pirates but Hella, at this moment, doesn’t. 

ALI: Well no, because I-

JACK: Hella, they’re undead pirates-

ALI: I see them coming, I guess I didn’t see their flag before I looked-

AUSTIN: Yeah, you identify their flag and have that moment to make a decision about whether or not you want to, kind of, go ashore-

KEITH: Crash the-

AUSTIN: Crash the boat-

KEITH: Crash a boat - crash, not your boat-

AUSTIN: Crash Calhoun’s boat

ALI: ... Calhoun’s going to be alright. I don’t know, because my instinct, as Hella, is to be, like, “ I took these guys once before, it’ll be alright”

KEITH: Yeah, you’re damn right-

AUSTIN: Yeah - alright, alright-

KEITH: Yeah!

AUSTIN: So that’s the decision you make, then, and-

JACK: Oh my god, wait a second-

AUSTIN: Uh-huh?

JACK: Hella. Could - what does your evil thing do?

ALI: Uhm, I kill a defenseless or surrendered enemy.

JACK: How do we feel about… theft? Because I’m pro theft…

ALI: I’m fine with that-

KEITH: I’m - I’m - I am pro theft in certain situations…

JACK: All I’m saying here is, if there’s the possibility of a red-sailed boat called “The Kingdom Come”, and we live on an island…

ALI: Oh, I was definitely planning on leaving them - the boat party, behind; I’m finding this very annoying.

JACK: So, I would like to communicate to Hella, before we begin these maneuvers, that if there’s any chance that we could maybe steal their boat, that would, perhaps be advantageous.

ALI: No, yeah, that’s the plan. Don’t worry about it.

JACK: Cool - good - What I’m saying is - don’t make a plan that involves smashing into the side of their boat-

ALI: No-

JACK: Because none of us know how to fix a boat, I don’t think.

KEITH: No, it was either - the plan was either to smash into the rock or to - steady the boat but put ourselves in danger of being boarded by a pirate king.

AUSTIN: So, you - it sounds like you’re gonna take these - how do you tell Calhoun this? How do you tell Calhoun to take the pirates on - head on? Calhoun is definitely - hmm, is Calhoun hungover? Or is he already back in the bottle?

KEITH: Or is he fine?

AUSTIN: No, he’s definitely not fine.

JACK: God damn it -

KEITH: He could be fine - we’ve been on the road for three days - he’s a very responsible captain.

AUSTIN: Nah he’s super - Nope - No, you’ve never communicated that about him.

KEITH: Maybe he’s a … good fighter when he's drunk.

AUSTIN: I mean, that might be true. But like, once you - but, so, Hella how do you communicate to - to Calhoun what, like, to take these pirates head on?

ALI: Well - well, I just say to him, to like, stick to the route, right?

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Instead of going to the side-

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Like, I just gesture and yell at him to, like, “no, keep going”.

AUSTIN: And you know what, Calhoun was also there when you guys took on those pirates the first time. He was the one who piloted that ship that they stole back. The ship that you’re on now. This was the ship that you stole back from Brandish the pirate king.

ALI: Yeah - We need Calhoun to look at this, in his own way. 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay

KEITH: Hey, have I - have I decided to come up from - underneath yet?

AUSTIN: At this point - at this point, I think Calhoun puts the call out, do you know what I mean?

KEITH: Okay, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah -

AUSTIN: He goes - he, like, slams his fist into his hand and goes - 
	
CALHOUN: Boat party!

AUSTIN: And everyone knows -

KEITH: Yeah, what’s up,

AUSTIN: What that means. Oh, boy, this is a good party boat episode...

KEITH: This is a good party boat episode…

AUSTIN: So… Let’s think, how does this play out? The - the Kingdom Come slides into view. It’s a - it’s a gorgeous ship, right? It’s - it’s probably a bigger ship than this one, this is, like, the king vessel, right. This is - this is the ship that Brandish calls his own - kind of, his home boat, so I’m going to say, probably about twice as big as your smaller boat? But your smaller boat is a lot more maneuverable. Are there cannons in this world?

JACK: Canon.

KEITH: I was thinking that earlier, and I’m - I’m not sure, I don’t know.

ALI: I think that - I think in this moment, we’re just going to say no, to - to be safe -

AUSTIN: No - but that means you guys also don’t have cannons, do you know what I mean - 

JACK: I think that - I think that there super are cannons.

AUSTIN: Yeah?

ALI: There’s gotta be. There probably - well, no, I mean -

KEITH: I don’t think there’s cannons ‘cause there’s - there’s - 

JACK: Look, we’ve got an undead pirate. What does an undead pirate fight with? Just, like, angry words?

ALI: But is anyone using, like -

KEITH: No, they board each other’s ships and have, fucking, sword fights. 

ALI: But - okay - so my question is, is any - is anyone using, like, firepower? And metal that sparingly that they would still use their cannon?

AUSTIN: Right, that’s a good question -

JACK: That’s true -

AUSTIN: Well. There’s these two questions - there’s two things there, right? So, like - and this, like, the weird thing about - about a post-apocalyptic - a post-apocalypse. One, we know that Ordenna makes metal stuff, right, like - Ordenna is super powerful as a - as a mining nation - as a metal nation. But two - and two - so, the thing with the post-post-apocalypse - or the post apocalypse in general is, like, one one hand, people aren’t making new stuff. On the other hand, there are way less people than there used to be. So that means that, like, if you go to a fort, you’re going to find thousands of cannonballs that the fort might go through in a year but you could use for the rest of your life. Do you know what I mean?

ALI: Right, okay -

AUSTIN: So, I’m not sure. Is that - so, I - I guess that’s the - so, there’s two question -

KEITH: May - maybe, there are cannons and we don’t have cannons.

AUSTIN: But - if there’s cannons, Brandish would have cannons. Is what I’m saying, right, like, Brandish, the pirate king - if there were ever boats with cannons, the person who would have iT, as, like, a move, would be Brandish the pirate king.

JACK: His name is conceivably, “Getting-Cannons-Ready”, the pirate king.

AUSTIN: Right -right, yeah -

ALI: Do we want to say, for sure, that Calhoun doesn’t?

AUSTIN: I don’t know -

KEITH: No -

JACK: We maybe have a couple of cannons?

KEITH: I think it would be - I think it would not be, a smart idea to say we don’t have cannons and they have hella cannons -

ALI: Uhm, Hella cannons is my nickname -

KEITH: Hecka cannons, sorry Hella -

AUSTIN: Ah, that’s really good. That’s really good... So, yes, there are, let’s say, a couple of cannons on this ship… and… Brandish’s probably has 3 per side? Let’s say you have 1 per side and - and maybe a - a kind of, front facing one.

ALI: Okay -

AUSTIN: Or maybe they’re like - maybe you have, like, those, like, guns, like the ship guns that can be targeted a little bit more easily, you know what I mean?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I think that makes some - some degree of sense, right? Okay -

KEITH: How about - how about they have 3 and then we have a bolo cannon?

ALI: A - what?

AUSTIN: That’s like a boat - that’s, like, a thing you use that shoots, like, a - a shot with chains -

KEITH: It’s two cannonballs - yeah, tied together and it’s - you turn it to masts and shit-

AUSTIN: That’s just a - like, you have different - you would just have that ammo, right? Like -

KEITH: I don’t know if there’s different types of cannons. But, yeah.

JACK: Cannons at the table -

AUSTIN: Cannons are at the table.

JACK: A podcast provided by StreamFriends and RunButton.

AUSTIN: Alright -

JACK: Like, comment, subscribe.

AUSTIN: So, I think that we have to invent some moves for this, which is a thing that you can do. This is one of the reasons I like Dungeon World a whole bunch, is that all of the - all of the Powered by the Apocalypse, quote-on-quote, games - all of the hacks of the original Apocalypse World, because, you know, part of what - the way these games work, is that players get to be kind of game designers when they step into the role of making moves. So, what do you think is a good move for this? Like - you, again, we take that base thing - is it, like, in this case, like, boat combat 2d6 plus, probably Wisdom again, right? This is about, like, reading the waves and the motion and stuff -

KEITH: Yeah, yeah…

ALI: I - Intelligence, maybe, instead?

KEITH: Oh, but are we talking about -

ALI: I feel like it’s -

AUSTIN: I don’t think it’s Intelligence. Intellig - so, Wisdom is about - is about reading the world.

JACK: What’s kind of the roll for courage? Like a hearts roll?

AUSTIN: It’d be Charisma.

JACK: Charisma is courage?

AUSTIN: Yeah -

JACK: So, to an extent - 

AUSTIN: If anything, it would be courage - it would be - Charisma is, like - or Wisdom right, like, in a sense… Hm…

JACK: To an extent, there’s something about preparing for seafaring combat where there is - there is, a moment of time between preparing for an action and then an action taking place. Like seeing a - boat, that’s running, cresting a wave in front of you, that I think would require some sort of courage?

AUSTIN: Yeah, there’s like - that, like, quiet - Mh-hm...

ALI: Yeah, I think I -

KEITH: I think that Wisdom or Charisma would could both fit there -

ALI: I think I did my stats wrong, because what I was thinking of Wisdom was more of, like, book knowledge?

AUSTIN: No, that’s Intelligence.

KEITH: No that’s Intelligence.

AUSTIN: Yeah, Wisdom in Dungeon World, and in DnD, is this, like… it’s being aware-

JACK: It’s like intuition

AUSTIN: - it’s intuition, it’s being aware of what’s around you, it’s being able to, like, look at a room and figure out what’s out of place. And for me, I think the 8 worked for Hella because, like, think about when you were in that dwarf painter’s house. Everyone else was, like, picking through everything, and you were, like, standing by the door, like, ready to fucking go. You know what I mean? So, it’s not that - I don’t think that she has, like, a negative to it, in terms of, like, ability so much as interest, you know? Like, she doesn’t have bad eyesight - eyesight or something, she just, like, “Who cares?”, you know? Like, “This isn’t what I’m...”, what you’re there for, if that makes sense.

ALI: Okay, that’s fair. But I st - hm. Okay. 

AUSTIN: Does that -

ALI: I still think that Intelligence would be lower for her though, if -

AUSTIN: Okay. If you want to swap them, I have no problem with that, ‘cause you’ve - if, like, you, go ahead and do that now. I don’t think we’ve even made a billion Wisdom, Intell - you’ve certainly never failed an important Wisdom roll that you should’ve succeeded, or whatever. I’d rather it just be right at this point. Alright, so, let’s go ahead and say - what are you trying to do? And then we’ll decide - roll to make based on that. What do you think your ship - how - what’s your strategy, against this boat?

KEITH: Well, we’re not - we’re not the ones manning the cannons, right? This is, like, a thing that the boat - crew is doing -

AUSTIN: Yeah, but - at this point, you’ve ascended into, kind of, lieutenant roles, if that makes sense.

KEITH: I think I - I think I’ve decided that what I want to do is turn into an eagle and throw skeletons into the ocean.

AUSTIN: That’s not a bad idea. At this point, you’re still at that moment that Jack was describing. It’s that great distance where, you’re, like, still out of cannon range and you’re still out of combat range, effectively. So, like, turning into an eagle at this point - you can turn into one, fine, go ahead and make that role if you want, but, like, you’re - you’re probably out of range of closing that distance and beginning combat. But yeah, go ahead and make that - that first role. 

JACK: Do we have drums? Is there anything I could do to -

AUSTIN: Yeah, there’s some shit. There’s definitely some drums.

KEITH: That’s fucking eleven, what’s up -

JACK: Oh -

AUSTIN: Oh, hold 3, Keith is rolling, like - like, really well tonight.

KEITH: I know, I know, making up for last time. That’s four elevens in a row, that’s some weird shit.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Can we say that, in this time that I have - I am looking out my telescope and I can see that these guys are fucked up?

AUSTIN: Yeah, at this point. Now that you’ve decided to face them, yeah.

ALI: Yeah. Oh, boy … Well, can I - would I have to roll “Discern Realities” to see, like, how many people are on the ship, or…

AUSTIN: No, I can just -

KEITH: Should someone - alright, nevermind. 

AUSTIN: You can see dozens, you know, this is a big ship; it takes dozens to - to run.

JACK & KEITH: Uhm -

JACK: Would I - uhm, Hella, and Fero, I realize, you know, how would you all feel about me drumming to quarters, trying to instill some sort of… some sort of shape, and courage in the crew?

KEITH: Yeah, do that - some of these are just people. 

ALI: Yeah - that’ll help, for sure.

AUSTIN: I also just remembered one very important thing that - that, I - I… I keep trying to paint pictures in people’s minds of what’s happening, and I just realized, again, despite making this note that I didn’t ask you all to describe your characters using the - using the descriptors that are on your character sheets. So, as you’re spinning -

KEITH: Oh yeah, I keep on -

AUSTIN: I know - we all forget this, every time. While you’re moving around this place, like, gimme a picture of what you look like and, like, what you’re doing physically -

KEITH: Okay… so, the - the descriptors that - that they give you, I have, I’ll say, “wild eyes”, “messy hair”, and then, “weathered hides” -

AUSTIN: “Hi-”, wait, what? “Hi-” - Oh, like, clothing. Your clothing, is, like hides.

KEITH: Hides, like clothing. Yeah yeah yeah, it’s just - yeah yeah yeah. Sort of, like, old - like, old various leathers. One - one of them is practical leathers and I’m, like, noo - like, mine are - they’re practical but, I like that “hides” gives the idea that these are from a variety of animals -

AUSTIN: Sure, sure.

KEITH: And also, one of the things that druids have is a tell, that shows that they, like, “this is a druid,” and it shows up whether they’re in human form or animal form and at - because I’m from the - my, my - I’m “born of the soil” of the mountain, “the towering mountains” - I think that, sort of, on my shoulder and then up to my lower neck, I sort of have just a - like, my skin is - is, sort of like a, a sort of quartz-y rock.

AUSTIN: Ooh, that’s interesting. Okay. Hella, what do you - what do you look like?

ALI: So, what I’ve taken from, like, the look thing, is that I have “eager eyes”, hair is an option that I’m not picking the default one, “tanned skin”, and a “built body”. So -

AUSTIN: Ooh - that makes sense, like, you’re from this - this island nation and obviously built because you’re this badass.

ALI: Right, yeah yeah yeah. In my head, Hella is like that one concept art of Samus in her suit - 

AUSTIN: Like that big - the original Samus?

ALI: Yeah yeah yeah. So she’s definitely built - I imagine her hair, like, a bun … she just wears chainmail, has a cool sword.

AUSTIN: Okay - at this point, you’re probably down from the crow’s nest and running around the deck - or are you staying up there?

ALI: Uhm - yeah, I guess so. I - I feel like, until these people board, I should stay up and, like, direct people?

AUSTIN: That sounds good. Then - then, Lem. We know you’re an orc and you have tusks but what do you look like, again?

JACK: Uhm … so I picked “joyous eyes” - More of a - like, that’s kind of, my read on as, like, curiosity and - and happiness that the fact that the world is a thing that he’s in. Uh, “wild hair”, “travelling clothes”, and a “fit body”? I think he is, uh … he’s probably - I think that the Archivists in general, cover themselves in - in various pockets, and straps, and bracelets and necklaces and beads - not so much necessarily for decoration but for counting and working things out. We don’t have calculators in this world but we - we absolutely, definitely do have -

KEITH: So you have functional abacus clothing?

JACK: Essentially, yes - 

AUSTIN: That’s kind of the best, so…

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Uhm - and it’s not everywhere, it’s just necklaces and bracelets, and maybe a ring, that, you know, can turn to calculate things, to show things. I don’t know whether or not orcs do stuff with their tusks, like, whether or not they just leave them, or whether or not -

AUSTIN: I guess it’s - yeah, you tell me

JACK: Ornamental?

AUSTIN: Do they?

JACK: I don’t - I don’t know...

AUSTIN: I think it’d be cool.

JACK: Maybe - maybe, they’re sort of like scrimshaw? Like, that they’re carved. I assume that there’s no feeling in them, so I think they’re probably carved like… like overpaid, avant-garde 21st century artist carved skulls? You know?

AUSTIN: Right - yeah, I do. I went to - I went to art school, so.

JACK: So I think, probably like that. And I think I am - that, I don’t know whether or not they’re fragile, as opposed to being tough things? Whether or not the Archivists have stopped their tusks from being useful - by carving them?

AUSTIN: That’s interesting, yeah… or are they - are they carved in such a way that - that, like, a skilled carving retains their strength, but, like, you can get, like, shitty carvings that -

JACK: That means that, you know, like - you know, like, when you break a bone - it never - it’s still possible to break. It’s - it’s easy to break, I don’t know. I think Lem is probably - probably running up towards the back of the ship, where there are these big, stupid drums - that, you know, like, people hit in “Asterix & Obelix” - that’s a reference for all you Europeans out there -

AUSTIN: And no one else. Alright, so let’s start there, then. Let’s start with - with Lem, drumming this big thing. Are you using your arcane art? Or are you - what are you doing?

JACK: So I think this is a “Defy Danger” - I don’t know if this is “Defy Danger”, think this might be a Charisma “Defy Danger”.

AUSTIN: No, I mean, what - you’re not defying any danger at this point, like, the combat hasn’t started yet, you know?

JACK: Did you - did you roll? I just heard a roll noise.

AUSTIN: No...

KEITH: Oh, I just - I was wr - writing in the chat that I had hold 3, so I don’t forget.

JACK: Okay, so the thing about arcane - my arcane tiers - are they - what effects does it have, let me see… It gives me 1d8 - oh, it gives 1d8 damage, plus 1d4 - sorry, heals 1d8 damage, plus 1d4 forward to damage, “their mind is shaken clear of one enchantment”, and “the next time someone successfully assists the target with aid, they get plus 2 instead of plus 1”.

AUSTIN: Huh. That’s interesting, I think we can - we can, kind of, translate that last one. So, the last one is about aiding people and, like, doing the “Aid or Interfere” move, but I think that’s translatable here, because what you’re all effectively doing is trying to aid, uh, Captain Calhoun, right? Does that make sense?

JACK: Yes

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah.

JACK: But we’re not going to be taking aid rolls on him, right?

AUSTIN: No, but we’ll - we’ll translate this, like, that’s - that’s not a problem, right, like, because he isn’t making any - because he’s an NPC, he won’t be making any rolls, right; so, aid only works if that character’s making a roll, but instead, effectively what you’re doing is - the magical effect of this, the semiotic effect of this, the pattern magic that’s happening is, you’re kind of, weaving together a rhythm that puts everyone on Calhoun’s step, right?

JACK: Yes, absolutely.

AUSTIN: That, to me, reads like, the next time someone successfully assists the target with aid, they get plus 2 instead of plus 1. So - so, I think that that’s fair to - to kind of, understand that - 

JACK: So what effect will that have on our rolls?

AUSTIN: Th - whatever the next - the next time someone successfully - the next time someone makes roll about this, they’ll get a plus 1. I think it says plus 2 instead of plus 1 here, because it’s assuming that you only make - an “Aid or Interfere” roll when you have a bond with someone, ‘cause it has plus 2 instead of plus 1, but really it’s just a bonus 1 to that. So that’s what that would do. Let’s say it’ll give - it’ll give a plus 1 on that next - forward on, the next roll to, like, order the ship in a direction. Probably Hella’s next roll - up here, right?

JACK: Okay, so I roll plus Charisma. “On a 10 plus, the ally gets the selected effect. On a 7-9, your spell still works, but you draw” un-attention, “unwanted attention”, or my magic reverbates to other targets affecting them as well, GM’s choice. I’m going to roll plus Charisma here-

AUSTIN: Sounds good

JACK: - please, please, let it be a good roll - Please let it be a good roll, I’m scarred right now-

AUSTIN: You are scarred-

JACK: I dunno if that affects my drumming ability or -

AUSTIN: Again, if - for me, I think the way it works, at this point, is, like - it’s not just, like, “Oh, you’re scarred and people don’t think that you’re as hot”, it’s like, you feel less charismatic, and that affects your - your performance, do you know know what I mean, like -

JACK: Yeah. Alright, okay -

AUSTIN: Go ahead and make that roll - yup.

ALI: Oh

AUSTIN: That’s a success, right?

ALI: Yeah -

JACK: That’s a nine, yeah, alright. This is better than my previous few rolls.

AUSTIN: But! “On a 7 to 9, your spell still works, but you draw unwanted attention or your magic reverberates to other targets affecting them”, so let’s just - I’m gonna start a new page, here, uhh - I’m gonna bring you guys over to it, really quick, just so we can have, like, a - a nice vision of this… let’s just paint this whole background really quick… a nice blue - a nice ocean blue, how’s that sound?

KEITH: Uh - I - I do want to point out, while we’re doing this, that uh, like, Fero is very upset that we took this boat, and feels very gl - uh, very “I told you so” right now, but I am thrilled that this is happening, as a player.

AUSTIN: Good, that’s the right - 

KEITH: I don’t want - when I am being f - I don’t want it to be - I don’t want people to be confused, like, “Oh, why doesn’t Keith want this to be happening?”, like, no, I super want this to be happening.

AUSTIN: Right - good. That’s the right - that’s good. Ah - So… now, see, this map - did I move you guys over to the right map?

ALI: We’re just seeing blue, yeah.

KEITH: I’m seeing a blue screen.

AUSTIN: You should be seeing - A nice boring blue screen…

KEITH: Yeah. Nice, boring - boring, old blue screen.

ALI: They keep pinging, so… 

AUSTIN: Let’s - here’s the - uh, let’s just do, let’s just see if there’s boats in this - in this Roll20 thing really quick. There’s probably boats -

ALI: How do you erase?

KEITH, OVER ALI: Oh, shit.

AUSTIN: What?

ALI: How do you erase things?

AUSTIN: You go to your - your, the top thing, which is that sele - that, like, arrow, and then you click on that and then you click on the thing and it’ll select the drawing you made. And then you can hit delete. I can also just do it really quick.

ALI: Yeah, I don’t -
 
AUSTIN: There.

KEITH: I got - no, it works.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Ooh… Just toss down some - some boats really quick. So that we can see where we are. Ah…. it would help if any of these weren’t the shittiest. Dear Roll20’s fr - like, huge collection of free things: have cooler pirate ships. 

ALI: Aw, we don’t need, like, a fancy thing -

AUSTIN: No, it’s just I - I -

KEITH: Did you search “boat” or “ship”?

AUSTIN: I searched “boat” first, I think that was my mistake.

ALI: Man - 

JACK: Did you search “vessel” -

ALI: that’s on you.

AUSTIN: That’s on me.

JACK: Did you - did you search “p-”

KEITH: I bet “pirate ship” would work well.

AUSTIN: Yeah…

JACK: What the hell is that.

AUSTIN: That’s - it’s - it’s -

JACK: Is that, like, a beetle carapace -

KEITH: It’s a - it’s a rowboat -

AUSTIN: Well, it’s - listen. Don’t make fun of - well, I’m gonna extend it, and then you’ll see it’s a boat.

JACK: Oh!

KEITH: Boom! It’s a boat!

AUSTIN: That’s more of a boat 

ALI: I like that

AUSTIN: So let’s say that’s - that your boat, here -

KEITH: Okay.

ALI: That’s our boat?

AUSTIN: Sure? Why not -

ALI: Okay - ‘cause it seems really big.

AUSTIN: It doesn’t have to be. Well - that’s the thing, you still haven’t seen the other one yet.

KEITH: We still haven’t seen the other one yet.

ALI: Right…

KEITH: This - there’s - twenty five, or so, people on the boat.

AUSTIN: Yeah-

JACK: Cue, an enormous boat, a boat so big -

AUSTIN: I thought about it, I did, I thought about it, like, oh this is, that’s kind of cool looking, uhm - 

ALI: That’s the thing, is, I didn’t want to see a boat bigger than this one, ‘cause then I’m scared.

AUSTIN: But again, you don’t know what the scale is here, right-

JACK: You’re Hella, you’re not scared.

ALI: Well no, as Hella I’m not scared.

AUSTIN: You’re never scared.

ALI: Hella is never scared. Hella is never scared.

JACK: Oh goddamn -

KEITH: Yeaah, what’s up!

AUSTIN: Okay, so there’s a bigger boat. Uhh -

JACK: That’s the Kingdom Come, that’s actually the boat

AUSTIN: That’s actually the Kingdom Come.

ALI: Oh wait, I’m still super zoomed in, that’s why -

AUSTIN: Yeah, you should zoom out some

JACK: Don’t get scared-

ALI: Where’s - Ah, that’s a big old boat

JACK: I told you not to get scared.

AUSTIN: Alright, so, this is kind of the situation you guys are in right now- Your smaller - but still, like, a sizable boat, is a pr- ah, I guess actually, let’s not make you broadsided, that would be really - that’s kind of unfair. Alright. There we go. Tilt it up that way…
KEITH: Yeah!

AUSTIN: So… I guess Hella, at this point, let’s do - Now tell me what you, what the plan is for this, for this ship. I think Calhoun wants to just do like a, the traditional, like try to use your speed to circle around it and take some shots at it. Um, is that - is that what you’re hoping to achieve here?

ALI: Um... Sure, I mean, we probably have the speed on this boat, or the maneuvering power, at least...

AUSTIN: Yeah…

KEITH: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

AUSTIN: Yeah? 

KEITH: I just had a good idea -

AUSTIN: Uh-huh?

KEITH: You go - you keep going Ali.

ALI: Okay -

KEITH: Unless I - Unless I go now.

AUSTIN: We can talk, we’re allowed to - Everyone can talk.

ALI: Yeah, this is supposed to be a conversation.

KEITH: I - I wasn’t sure if Ali had a very specific thing she was going to say. I - I said that I wanted to turn into an eagle, which I did, and then throw skeletons into the water. But before I do that, I wanna fuckin’ tear up their sails. With my big eagle talons.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Okay, well let’s - You, you’re, okay - you’re going to start flying out, let’s - You’re going to start flying out towards that ship then?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, I’m gonna try to not make it so obvious that I came from this boat.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. That’s fair. I don’t know that that’s -

JACK: Eagles go out to the sea a lot.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I don’t …

ALI: I appreciate that.

AUSTIN: I don’t know that that’s gonna be possible - Oh! I done - we done goofed! Here’s the thing that happens! ‘Cause Lem King rolled a 9, and not a 10. The part of -

JACK: Oh dear…

AUSTIN: Right, so part of this is that your spell still works, so the crew all starts moving to the beat that he’s drumming, but, very quickly, the ship comes under fire with the kind of long cannons. This is not the full strength of The Kingdom Come, but it is, you know - cannonballs do start landing, especially towards the rear of the ship. They’re shooting at you, Lem, so give me a Defy Danger DEX to make sure you’re not hit.

JACK: So I can just roll my character sheet’s dex right now?

AUSTIN: Yup! That’d be perfect.

JACK: 8!

AUSTIN: Um… Okay. So, the… Hm. The cannons, uh, a couple of the cannon shots definitely land true. Uh, not hitting you - like, you’re dodging out of the way, but the ship is starting to get hit. And, it becomes clear quickly that if you remain back here, continuing your drumming, you will continue to come under fire. But, that might be a good thing. Except to you. Do you wanna stay back here, and continue drawing their fire, letting the front of the ship, where the cannons are, remain untouched? Or do you want to go to safety?

JACK: Um... I think I’ll do it. Because I think that part of, part of how pattern magic works, as well, is that once you start doing it, it’s very easy to keep - it’s orifice, it’s difficult to stop - Oh my god, there’s an eagle on the map. It’s also hard to stop doing it, you know? It’s - like, the cool, magical music equivalent of just watching Netflix late at night when you know you should be going to sleep -

KEITH: Oh, I was thinking of peeing. It’s hard to stop peeing.

JACK: And that’s the difference between Britain and America.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. Um... Great! So, you’re going to continue doing that. Fero, at this point, has begun flying away. Hella! Tell me about this boat. Lem is drawing, is drawing aggro, so to speak, are you going to try to close and take a shot?

ALI: Uh, yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay. I think that that probably - what do you, what do you guys think that is? That’s definitely 2D6 plus… something, because that’s how this game works.

JACK: Maybe, maybe strength? I dunno...

AUSTIN: I don’t think it’s strength because that would be… DEX, for aiming? Maybe?

JACK: Yeah, alright.

KEITH: Yeah, sure.

ALI: Um, yeah. That’s fine.

JACK: Also, I super love this map here. For people on the podcast who can’t see this, what we’ve essentially got is - Austin is controlling incredibly low frames per second, poor art direction, flash game for us right now -

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s great. Well actually, Fero should be able to control his thing, Hella should now be able to control, um- can you? Does that let you? Can you select these things? Hella should be able to control the boat.

KEITH: Yeah, I can control - Oh, so here’s a tip, Ali, you have to control it slightly to the left of where it actually is.

ALI: Wait -

KEITH: Yeah. Maybe that’s just me but…

ALI: So I can - oh -

AUSTIN: There you go.

KEITH: Okay, so here’s what I’m - here’s what I’m thinking -

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: For, like - so, if this is working in the same way as, um - Volley does, when you’re shooting arrows -

AUSTIN: Yes, it should be - good call -

KEITH: So, the - I think - the reason why it could be Strength instead of DEX is that Ali has to move a bunch of cannonballs.

AUSTIN: How about we decide - how about this though, okay, what if it’s - 

KEITH: And push cannons around -

AUSTIN: What if, more interesting here, and say it could be DEX or - or it could be Strength, but it each gives a different bonus? So, for instance- All right, so if it's like Volley- So the way Volley works, which, this does make sense, this is definitely Volley. When you take aim and shoot an enemy at range, roll plus DEX. On a ten plus, you have a clear shot, deal your damage. On a seven to nine, choose one. Whichever you choose, you deal damage. So you can either- you have to move and place yourself in danger to get the shot if you get a seven to nine, you also take- you take less damage- or you give less damage if you get a seven to nine, or you lose ammo on a seven to nine. What if you use Strength, you can get off two shots. Because you’re aiming better, right? Like you’re- sorry, you’re loading more quickly? Because you’re like, being buff and like, loading those cannons real quick. But if you roll with DEX, then you always hit for your full damage, you’ll never have to take the minus 1d6. Or something like that. Does that sound interesting?

ALI: Yeah. And I guess if I imagine more-

AUSTIN: Let’s say there is- also let’s just say that there is four ammo on this ship. To be clear, that’s not four cannonballs, ammo is this kind of nebulous thing. Actually, let’s say three ammo, let’s say three ammo. Three should last. So go ahead and do a Volley roll to take the first shot.

ALI: Okay. Yeah, if I imagine Hella in this situation, I’m sure that she’s the one like, loading the cannons while other people are taking aim, because she just doesn’t know how to do that.

AUSTIN: Yeah, she isn’t- she isn’t cannons.

ALI: Yeah, so I’m gonna go for the Strength roll on that, if that’s cool.

AUSTIN: Sounds good.

ALI: And I got a nine.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that means you should now choose- you either have to move the ship to take the shot, which puts you in danger, you have to reduce the shot’s damage by 1d6, or you have to take several shots, reducing your ammo by one.

ALI: Um. I’ll take several shots.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that means you go down to two ammo. And then let’s say… that seems right. Let’s say 1d8 damage, and since you used Strength, you get to roll that twice.

KEITH: And take the higher, or the both hit?

AUSTIN: No she gets to- They both hit.

KEITH: Okay.

ALI: Oh. What do I type in to roll?

AUSTIN: It’s slash roll…

KEITH: Slash roll 1d8.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Or I guess you could just do slash roll 2d8. Actually. Since you’re rolling two dice.

ALI: Oh, sure.

AUSTIN: Yeah, just do that.

ALI: Oh.

AUSTIN: Oh my-! Christ.

KEITH: God.

JACK: This isn’t good.

KEITH: You did so bad.

ALI: I did the worst. Do I get XP for that?

AUSTIN: Oh! Actually, here’s a thing actually, I just remembered because of Jack’s song, Ali, you actually get a ten, which means you didn’t lose any ammo, which means you still have three ammo, which is good to know.

ALI: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah, okay, good.

ALI: But we don’t hit anything.

AUSTIN: No, no, that’s damage, you did hit. So the cannonballs-

KEITH: That’s damage, yeah. You hit.

AUSTIN: -have started to slam into The Kingdom Come, maybe busting through some of its sails.

JACK: I specifically said don’t shoot… Don’t blow the ship up!

AUSTIN: Well, what’s your plan for taking it over then? This is the thing, right?

KEITH: Well, then see, you said-

JACK: Have you played Black Flag?

KEITH: Jack, you said “Don’t blow the ship up” before everyone else disagreed with me and said there should be cannons. And now there’s cannons. And now we’re gonna have two broken ships.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: Okay, so, I think-

ALI: We don’t have to break it like, a lot, I only did four damage on it.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you only did four. It’s okay.

ALI: It’ll be okay.

AUSTIN: Let me be clear.

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: Do I get the XP from that?

AUSTIN: No, cause you didn’t fail.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: You succeeded.

ALI: Oh, the damage roll failed, which isn’t- okay.

AUSTIN: No, the damage roll didn’t fail, the damage-

KEITH: It didn’t fail, it just was shitty.

AUSTIN: Right. It was not great. Yeah. So, Fero, at this point you’re an eagle.

KEITH: Yeah, I’m an eagle.

AUSTIN: And you want to go fuck up their sails also?

KEITH: I wanna go fuck up their sails.

AUSTIN: Sounds like a- I guess that sounds like- That’s a Defy Danger, let’s say.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Because you’re not like, attacking- Like, you’ll hit the thing if you get close enough, but the pirates down on the deck start to see you, and as you get closer, you can definitely make them out. They are, you know, the flesh on some of them has kind of sloughed off their faces and they look like they’re wearing like, scary Halloween masks, you know?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Of the melty-face variety.

KEITH: Is this a Defy Danger for Strength to tear up the sails, or is it through DEX to-

AUSTIN: I think it’s- no, it’s DEX. It’s DEX. It’s cause you’re dodging javelins and harpoons being tossed up at you.

KEITH: Okay. And my DEX bonus is plus one, so I’m gonna do..

AUSTIN: Solid roll.

KEITH: That’s 8, 9.

AUSTIN: So that’s a solid roll. Hmm. Defy Danger is always interesting because of how much stuff there is in terms of like, what could come out of a partial success.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You can- You can do some damage to this- you can do your damage to the boat, but it would mean taking one of the javelins in the wing. So you can either dodge out of the way or get this hit in.

KEITH: Okay. I’m gonna- I’m going to do my damage to the boat.

AUSTIN: Okay, so go ahead and roll your damage.

KEITH: And that’s just regular plus Strength?

AUSTIN: Just do your regular plus Strength, yeah.

KEITH: Okay. Daaang! Fourteen!

AUSTIN: Oh my god!

JACK: Wow.

AUSTIN: That’s- Wait, wait, wait, wait. Your damage is not 2d6 plus two.

KEITH: Oh, I just rolled- Oh, sorry. I rolled the- yeah, that’s right.

AUSTIN: Whew.

KEITH: Wrong one.

AUSTIN: Yeah, wrong one.

KEITH: Goddamn it!

AUSTIN: That would have been too good!

JACK: The boat would have just stopped.

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: Roll...1d6… plus two. Goddamn, I wasted that really good roll!

AUSTIN: It’s an all right roll. It’s an all right roll.

KEITH: Five.

AUSTIN: Wait, how are you- What’s the plus two from here?

KEITH: Is that not- Oh, I don’t add Strength.

AUSTIN: You don’t add Strength. It’s just three, yeah.

KEITH: It’s just three.

ALI: Oh, buddy.

AUSTIN: It’s all right.

KEITH: Just three.

AUSTIN: Okay. Meanwhile…

KEITH: Where’s- I had an attack roll in my macros, where did it go?

AUSTIN: One of the javelins pierces through your wings.

KEITH: Okay, I also take one- I also get one Balance.

AUSTIN: Oh, you do take- You do get one Balance. Mark that. And you also take three damage, I just rolled. I’m gonna start rolling damage- I like the fact that I don’t ever have to roll as a GM, but I think it’s just quicker if I’m doing the rolling on some of that stuff, if that makes sense. Lem, are you still… are you still-

JACK: I think I’m still drumming.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: I don’t know, how close are we getting now? Let’s check the map.

AUSTIN: You’re- You’re starting to get a bit closer, let’s say. They’re approaching- 

JACK: Hella, do you want-

AUSTIN: They’re approaching the point at which they’ll be able to broadside you, shoot all of their cannons, and that would not be good.

JACK: No. Hella, what’s your strategy for when we get close enough to possibly board them.

ALI: To board them?

AUSTIN: Good. Good plan.

JACK: Seems like a good strategy. Are we that close yet?

AUSTIN: No, you’re not. There’s still some distance here. Look at the base of the boats I guess is what I’ll say on this map because they’re different perspectives, but the bottom of the Kingdom Come is where the boat is, you know what I mean?

JACK: Oh, yeah, okay. Do you think it’d be worth my while to do Arcane Music for a damage roll for Hella at this point?

AUSTIN: Sure. Sure, at this point. Definitely. Because that will go to damage instead of to hit. That makes sense.

JACK: Mm-hm. Yeah, okay. I’m gonna roll- I kind of wish I could have my character sheet in a separate window here.

AUSTIN: I know, I know.

JACK: I have to pull it up on the map here.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: I’m gonna do my Arcane Art here. Continuing to play the drums but changing the rhythm very slightly so that the pattern changes perceptibly, and this is going to give plus 1d4 forward to damage, targeting Hella, and I’m gonna roll plus Charisma. There we go.
AUSTIN: Woof.

JACK: Oh jeez. Mark XP.

AUSTIN: Mark XP. The warlike beats, you realize, are not yours to drum. Your drumming becomes quiet in the face of the rhythm of the Kingdom Come, which has its own musicians at work. They’re probably not, you know, pattern magicians like you are, but theirs is a more simple-

KEITH: Oh, you said “magicians” not “musicians.”

AUSTIN: Both. Both.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: Those- Theirs is a much more simple magic, it is the drums of murder.

JACK: Just playing a cool tune. Right, it’s just a rhythm that inspires their people to push a little bit harder, a little bit faster, to be a little bit more brave, insofar as the undead can be brave. Take- or roll- hmm. That’s a bad- that’s a bad roll you made.

JACK: Yeah, I didn’t do a good job there.

AUSTIN: And you did this despite the incoming fire that has been happening. I’m gonna make a hard move and say that at this point, they are- they have pulled ahead right into their broadsides. Take- Lem and Hella, let me roll damage for both of you really quick.

KEITH: Eesh.

AUSTIN: Lem take seven, Hella take eight.

ALI: Oh boy.

JACK: I’m sorry!

KEITH: Minus your armor.

AUSTIN: Minus your armor! Minus your armor.

JACK: Oh, right. Yeah.

ALI: Okay, so I take six.

AUSTIN: Yeah. That’s all.

JACK: So I take six as well.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeah. Six for both.

AUSTIN: And the ship is in not great shape. Your ship is not in super great shape.

KEITH: I wanna- I wanna see if- So from where I am, which is presumably on the sails still.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yes.

KEITH: Can I- I want to pick up and throw into the ocean whichever skeleton is manning the helm.

AUSTIN: The helm is manned by- Okay so, at the helm is a man in a long, like brownish red jacket, like a long coat, with bloodstained khaki pants and tall black boots. His neck bears the scars of a failed decapitation. It is open a bit and you can hear him singing through the wound along to the beat. Just kind of a loud- There’s no words to this, I don’t know that he could make words there anyway, but it’s just like a. You know, like that.

JACK: He’s Maelstrom.

AUSTIN: I don’t know who that is.

JACK: Yes you do.

AUSTIN: Do I?

JACK: The captain of the ship of Theseus.

AUSTIN: Oh! Yeah, he is sort of like that. Yes, I do know that. We’re really good at book references this week, we’re both telling each other book references that the other one has been missing all week. Despite knowing that they should get it. I haven’t thought about his face much. I’ve pictured him with a beard before, but maybe not. Maybe he’s shaved it. Maybe he had a beard last time and now he wants to- The beard was gonna get in the way of being able to see the scar and he shaved it away. We’re talking about undead shaving in this world. This is where we’re at.

KEITH: Mm-hmm.

AUSTIN: And he has a- He has on his shoulder, Fero, a large, black bird of prey.

KEITH: Oh, goddammit.

ALI: Are we about to have a bird fight?

AUSTIN: Are you swooping down to attack like you said you were?

KEITH: Yeah, I’m gonna- ah.

ALI: Is this gonna be bird on bird?

JACK: Everyone in this world needs to have a bird.

KEITH: Am I going to- Am I going to have to Defy Danger from two things at once?

AUSTIN: No, you’re just gonna make your Hack and Slash roll here. There’s no Defy- I don’t think you’re gonna make a Defy Danger on this approach, like you can make this attack.

KEITH: Yeah. Wait, so picking up this guy will be a Hack and Slash?

AUSTIN: Picking up- I think even attempting to pick him- Like picking him up will be a Hack and Slash if you have the Str- I don’t know that you have the strength as an eagle to pick up this man. Like, I just don’t think you have that strength, do you know what I mean? You’re an eagle, you’re not a dinosaur, you’re not like a pterodactyl. I’m not saying that eagles aren’t strong

KEITH: It is a big eagle.

AUSTIN: Yeah…

ALI: It’s not that big.

AUSTIN: You didn’t say a giant eagle when you described this eagle to me.

KEITH: Well, no, when I- Well- When I first mentioned this eagle that I transform into, I did say a big- I did say a giant eagle. Or a huge eagle. Because I’ve picked people up with him before.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but you’ve picked up book people with him before. That was a book person. I’m not saying books aren’t heavy, books are heavy.

KEITH: Books are heavy, and they were the big books.

AUSTIN: But this is like an undead pirate lord, you know?

KEITH: Are the cannons on the deck or are they below deck?

AUSTIN: I think they’re below deck on his ship, on our- on your ship they’re above deck. You can attack this guy, and I’m not-

JACK: Lower class cannons.

AUSTIN: I’m not saying you couldn’t- I don’t know, I feel like you couldn’t lift him. I feel like it would be really hard to lift him. Like, maybe you could. Maybe a successful attack and then a Defy Danger Strength makes sense?

KEITH: Yeah, sure, let’s do that.

AUSTIN: So you like, get your claws into him if you can, and then can try to lift him away.

ALI: Regardless, you would do damage on him, even if he can’t get him-

AUSTIN: Right.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: That’s- that would be a nice thing to do, certainly.

KEITH: Yeah. So, attack roll, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, attack roll.

ALI: This is gonna be so anticlimactic if it happens.

KEITH: Eleven.

AUSTIN: Uh, thats-

JACK: Keith!

AUSTIN: Have you cursed these dice to be the best?

ALI: Did you cheat?

AUSTIN: Are you a cheater?

KEITH: No, I’m not cheating! This is the computer!

AUSTIN: I need to look at Keith’s macros.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: You can look at the thing that it’s doing right there!

AUSTIN: I can, there’s nothing special about it, it’s just a good roll!

KEITH: Yeah! It’s just a good roll!

ALI: I’ve- I feel like-

KEITH: All right, and this is a- and then a Defy Danger Strength.

AUSTIN: So, first your damage. Cause you did- you’re a-

KEITH: Oh, shit, yeah, okay.

AUSTIN: You clawed into him and maybe you’re pecking at him a bit. Well, Keith definitely didn’t cheat, because he did one damage after that.

KEITH: One damage.

AUSTIN: Oh brother.

JACK: Keith, I think a bird has done one damage to me in the real world before, and it’s nothing.

KEITH: It’s not the damage! It’s not the damage! The person manning the helm, I’m about to throw them in the ocean if I- Like, it’s not about the damage, it’s about that they’re gonna be in the ocean.

AUSTIN: Roll your Defy Danger plus Strength. So again, you kind of landed and had started pecking away at him-

KEITH: Ten.

AUSTIN: And you’ve lifted Brandish, the undead pirate king into the air.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Are you now moving to drop him into the sea?

KEITH: I absolutely am, yeah.

AUSTIN: He falls, with a splash.

ALI: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: And is- you lose sight of him. He probably- As you’re like, circling around, you see that he like pops back up and like yells into the air, and again, words that you can’t understand because they’re coming more from his throat than his mouth at this point.

KEITH: So like, Darth Vader when Han Solo blasts him away and he’s like “Hrrrgh.”

AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. And like, is kind of like, flailing around and growling. Not hurt, but certainly out of position here.

KEITH: Yeah. This- That was my last hold, so I’m gonna head back to the ship.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay. So now you have to turn back- Wait. So you’re turning back into a bird immediat- or from a- I have a question, wait. 

KEITH: Yeah?

AUSTIN: That was your last hold.

KEITH: I just can’t do another move.

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. You don’t immediately-

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: It doesn’t say like, “Immediately return to your human form once you're out of hold,” right?

KEITH: I’ll double check, I’m almost certain that it doesn’t.

AUSTIN: Go check, just in case.

KEITH: Okay. Let’s see.

AUSTIN: “Once you’re out of hold, you return to your natural form.”

ALI: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: So!

KEITH: Okay, so I return to my natural form-

AUSTIN: Midair.

KEITH: -on their boat.

AUSTIN: Or, it’s up to you- Well no, because you’re over the air when you let go of him, right?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you both fall into the sea?

KEITH: I don’t fall into the sea! I don’t!

AUSTIN: Wait, why don’t you?

ALI: Yeah?

KEITH: Because I’m super- Because I do like a little toss thing when I’m an eagle, and I’m over the boat, he lands into the sea, and then I kind of do a dive down while I transform into a person and land- and do a sort of tumble roll as a person, land on-

AUSTIN: Into their boat.

KEITH: Onto their boat.

AUSTIN: You’re gonna- Okay! You wanna be on their boat.

KEITH: I wanna be on their boat.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: You sure you wanna be on their boat?

AUSTIN: You sure you wanna be on their boat?

KEITH: I- I’d rather be in their boat than the ocean! Is what I can say.

ALI: You can swim in the ocean.

KEITH: I’m not gonna be in the ocean!

ALI: There’s like, a lot of guys on that boat. I don’t think you can take all those-

KEITH: Yeah, I can turn into a bird on the boat!

ALI: Oh boy.

KEITH: They’re busy, you know-

AUSTIN: You just lifted their captain! Into the- They’re gonna- All right.

ALI: Yeah…

AUSTIN: There’s no doubt in your mind that they’re not gonna come for you. We’ll go- Meanwhile.

KEITH: How many of the-

AUSTIN: Meanwhile- Well, you’ve landed on their boat. Hella, are you taking another shot?

JACK: Hey, you’re on their boat, Keith.

AUSTIN: You’re on their boat.

KEITH: Yeah, I’m gonna turn into a bird again.

AUSTIN: Okay. Hella, are you looking to take another shot here? What are you- What’s your deal?
ALI: Can I move to board?

AUSTIN: Sure! Sure. That’s-

ALI: Cause I just feel like- yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s- Well, actually, actually, that would be kind of a waste, because didn’t Lem just give you that rad bonus to attack?

ALI: No…

AUSTIN: I think, take-

KEITH: And also, no one is driving their boat.

AUSTIN: I mean, Keith, they’re a ship, they have another person who’s gonna step into line. Like-

KEITH: Yeah, but it takes a second.

AUSTIN: It will, which is why she should make this attack now, before- And then can close distance.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: What you just did-

KEITH: Right, that’s why I bring it up.

AUSTIN: What you just did has prevented another broadside attack from happening, because no one’s there to call the things out. There’s a brief moment of respite, but like, they are not disabled, you know? They’re not- Their ship isn’t broken.

ALI: I thought Lem’s spell fizzled or whatever.

AUSTIN: Oh, it did! I forgot that it did. My bad. So yeah, you can-

JACK: Oh god, it did.

AUSTIN: We can move to board, if you want. Also, let’s move him over here. And then, yeah, with- Oh man, it’s like under the shadow of the- On the map, I just moved Calhoun’s ship under the sails of the Kingdom Come. So yeah. We can totally board. At this point Calhoun’s ship has a dozen men and women ready to fight. You toss your grappling hooks over and lock the two ships into place. No, you’re on their boat, what are you doing?

KEITH: No, I was- I’m not an eagle anymore, so I’m just trying to delete it. Cause I don’t need it.

AUSTIN: Oh, right, that’s fair.

KEITH: But I can’t- But it wouldn’t let me delete it, so I’m just moving it away.

AUSTIN: I moved it. Let’s- One second, let’s create new page, spin over here, and just do this really basically. Again, the nice thing about this- I’m really enjoying this roll20 thing because, you know, there’s not- I don’t really care about positioning, but I like being able to give everybody a view of the world, you know what I mean?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. I agree.

AUSTIN: So, let’s go ahead and do that again. Draw these weird- yup. They probably do this better- There’s probably a fill- There isn’t a Fill tool, so I’m like, not able to- I’m using a bunch of blue rectangles-

KEITH: Using a bunch of blue rectangles.

AUSTIN: Are they showing up as individual rectangles for you all?

ALI: Yeah…

AUSTIN: That’s really weird, right?

KEITH: It is weird. I was fine with the one big one.

AUSTIN: Nah, this is fun, this is cool.

KEITH: Frankly.

JACK: Multiple blue rectangles.

ALI: Oh, this is like, you know. Waves.

AUSTIN: They’re waves, yeah, exactly.

JACK: It’s like a Mondrian - Mondrian sea.

AUSTIN: Exactly. 
KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And then…

KEITH: I mean, not exactly how waves look.

AUSTIN: Listen, buddy.

KEITH: Or behave.

ALI: These are really low-poly waves.

AUSTIN: Listen, buddy. Okay, let me zoom in, and let’s do… Let’s just do north-south. Would you rather look at this north-south or east-west?

ALI: This is fine.

AUSTIN: No, that’s not what I- Okay don’t worry about it.

KEITH: East-west.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: I guess east-west is where land is, so sure.

AUSTIN: Whoa! Okay that’s not what I expected. Let’s see if this works the way I’d like it to. There’s a diamond and that’s not really what I had in mind, game.

JACK: The diamond hasn’t appeared for me yet.

AUSTIN: Give it a few seconds, it will. Oh! You know what? It’s on the- I’m on the wrong side is why. Okay. Let’s do objects-tokens. Oh, actually, I can just-

KEITH: We’ll get roll20 down to a science probably!

AUSTIN: One day!

KEITH: I mean, this is your first time really trying to use it live.

AUSTIN: It is. It is. Do you see that? Really?

KEITH: No.

JACK: Uh…

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: No.

AUSTIN: Huh. You should.

ALI: Oh, there we go.

KEITH: Oh! There it is.

AUSTIN: You have to like, finish it, I think. And then their much bigger ship. Oops, that’s the wrong colors. You can clear all this up in post, right Keith?

KEITH: Yeah, I can do that.

AUSTIN: He’s lying again, I can hear it. Fuck, why is this not?

KEITH: No, no, no, I’ll do it.

ALI: He’s not gonna do it.

KEITH: What benefit would it be to the show to have this in?

AUSTIN: None. Nothing at all. This is true.

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: We just have to make sure we don’t do any good jokes during this period.

AUSTIN: I don’t know why it’s not letting me- I’ll just go to freehand. Is it just gonna be that? It’s just gonna be that. Oh, am I still on the wrong…? No, I’m on the right thing. What the fuck? Listen, I gotta get this working. This is a weird…

ALI: We believe in you. Take some time.

AUSTIN: There it is. There it is. And there, and then… This is probably too far. Why is this not? Okay, let’s put it here. Nope, that’s wrong. Okay. O-kay. There, you see those? Now?

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Yes.

KEITH: Yup!

AUSTIN: So, you’ve hooked those two ships together at this point and you have boards dropping right now. It’s- Ooh, that was not what I wanted.

JACK: It’s sort of like a- a sort of an omelet.

AUSTIN: Yeah. It was sort of an omelet. That was really weird.

ALI: I made such a bomb omelet today.

AUSTIN: Ah, I want an omelet really bad.

JACK: Oh, really?

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: I don’t really- like omelets are my least favorite type of egg.

AUSTIN: Really?

JACK: Really? I like a nice Spanish omelet sometimes.

KEITH: Yeah, there’s something- it’s- I don’t know, what’s a Spanish omelet?

JACK: It’s- It’s- It’s more like something- I don’t want to talk about food, Austin doesn’t-

AUSTIN: I appreciate it.

KEITH: I like the really big fluffy omelets-

AUSTIN: Oh, they’re so good.

KEITH: -but I feel like a lot of the times omelets are flat, and the way that it kind of cooks the egg on the outermost of the omelet kind of doesn’t appeal, I don’t like that flavor of egg, that sort of cooked, very cooked- 

JACK: It’s the omelet bell!

AUSTIN: It is the omelet bell. It’s over though. All right, so-

KEITH: Hey, my name’s Omelet Bell. Welcome back to the program.

AUSTIN: Nailed it. All right, so, you’re on this-

KEITH: Egg conspiracies!

AUSTIN: Oh, boy. You’re on this smaller boat and you’re men are gonna be- your fighters are outnumbered for sure here, but Calhoun runs a tight ship with well-trained people and you’ve beaten-

KEITH: When they’re not wasted.

AUSTIN: Right, when they’re not wasted. And you’ve beaten some of these people before. And they’re back for more because they’re undead skeleton people, but it’s just a real melee in there. Let’s say, Hella, you wanted to be the person boarding, so let’s say that you’re like one of the people charging in right away.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You run across the board, you climb up the side of the boat and jump in, and there are probably four or five skeletons on you quickly, kind of trying to circle around you, what do you do?

ALI: Um… I definitely- I guess I just attack the one that’s closest to me and like…

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can go ahead and-

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: How are you- You just like, you draw your sword. Has your- Have you fought undead things before? Is this the first thing that’s undead that you’ve ever-

KEITH: Well, we- Art killed that skeleton.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but I mean Hella. Has Hella ever fought an undead thing before in her life?

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Okay, this is scary. It’s weird to see people without skin moving, and moving like, weird and erratically. This is not a fun situation for you. I just want to like, communicate that, so that you know that. But you feel- you do feel a bit of strength when you touch your sword, when you touch your blade.

ALI: Yeah. Should I do a quick Heirloom roll as I pull it? Do you think it would start talking?

AUSTIN: I don’t think it’s- No, I don’t think this is the situation where it would start talking to you.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean?

ALI: Yeah, yeah.

JACK: Has it talked yet?

AUSTIN: It told her to leave the island.

JACK: Oh.

ALI: Yeah, and that’s when-

JACK: Oh, well yeah, other than that.

AUSTIN: Not around you, Lem.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: You’ll know.

ALI: But, I mean yeah, they- They’re all dropping on me, but I’m prepared for a fight, so-

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead and- Go for it.

ALI: Do my Hack and Slash roll.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Which is Strength. So I roll an eleven.

AUSTIN: That’s a fucking good hit is what that is, go ahead and-

JACK: God, what is happening to everybody’s rolls except mine?

KEITH: Yeah, it is.

AUSTIN: Just think about it as like, XP you’re gonna get, that’s all.

KEITH: Yeah. Last session, I got four XP just from missed rolls.

AUSTIN: Right. So go ahead and do your damage, right you did. You slam into the first skeleton pirate that’s near you and shatter him into little pieces, easily-

JACK: Do these skeleton pirates have names?

AUSTIN: Yeah! Uh, I guess not, these are monsters at this point, more than- Mmm.

JACK: I’m just curious, cause one of your things is “Name everybody,” and I’m wondering if you just like, come up with like, twenty skeleton pirates.

AUSTIN: It’s interesting- The thing that’s tough is- So it’s “Every NPC has a name,” but monsters just need to have like, intuition and interest. They have to have a goal, right, they have to have a motivation. So this is interesting though, because I do think these are more people than they are like, monsters. I do, I do think that. 

KEITH: I think the game very specifically defined monsters as like, enemies.

AUSTIN: I think there are monsters that are- But no, it doesn’t. It says like, “There are monsters and there are NPCs,” and even enemy NPCs have to have names, do you know what I mean? If these were human they would have all- I would have immediately had names, do you know what I mean? So… So that was Logan. Let’s say that was Logan. He’s dead now.

JACK: That was Logan. He’s dead now.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Oh, poor Logan!

[AUTUMN08]

KEITH: Previously, on Friends at the Table:

ART: “You dream of the crowned boy looking up into your eyes. His expression changes the first few times: a scowl, a smirk, a look of sadness. And then, for night after night, his eyes look past you, into some future only he can see.”

NICK: “Fantasmo, the council is pleased with your performance as a consultant in the tower. They pay you an extra twenty five coin. You try to convince them to let you keep the book.”

AUSTIN: So, the council has requested the help again of Fantasmo and Hadrian, and they’ve enlisted the aid of Throndir to head into the center of the mark of the Erasure.

DRE: “Throndir, you fled these woods ages ago, and swore to never come back, not until things could change.”

AUSTIN: The closer you get to the Erasure, the colder it gets. There are some fields in Velas, but like, this is a bunch of what would be great farming land that's ruined by the colder climates. 

AUSTIN: How many rations do you guys have?

DRE: I have five.

ART: I have six.

AUSTIN: Okay, that’s not that many.

AUSTIN: When suddenly landing right in front of you, is a beast about— How tall are you?

DRE: I’d probably say like 5’10”.

AUSTIN: Two to three times your height, let’s say?

DRE: Whoa! That’s large.

AUSTIN: This beast falls to its knees and then collapses into the snow, its blood draining out around it.

AUSTIN: You can make out their bodies, still. So you can totally follow them, but you’re not gonna be able to see the ground.	

NICK: Can I— I’m not trying to move at all.

AUSTIN: Right, right, right, that’s fine. That’s fine.

NICK: Can I try to do a “spout lore”—

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure!

NICK: —to see if I remember anything about this?

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: Um, I guess I don’t have use of my books for this roll, huh?

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, you super can’t! ‘Cause they’re gone, you can’t read them—

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: —That’s really interesting. I haven’t thought about that!

NICK: Um… Where’s the… hang on I need to— I can’t find my basic moves sheet, here…

AUSTIN: It’s plus INT

NICK: Spout lore. Okay, plus INT

ART: You should be pretty good at that to start, though, right? I mean, books or no books—

AUSTIN: Yeah

ART: —you’re a smartie.

DRE: You know things.

NICK: Eight.

AUSTIN: You know that there are… Places, creatures, spells... days of the year. Where sometimes a spell doesn’t do the thing it’s supposed to do exactly, even when it's done right. There are things that can just throw it off, or misinterpret it. You’re not sure what the cause of this effect is, in this specific case. You don't know why this is the result.

DRE: Could it be also because we’re near the Erasure, would that be something that I could “spout lore” on?

AUSTIN: You don’t even need to “spout lore” on that you can just say it.

DRE: Hmm…

ART: Yeah, it just sounds right, right? Like...

Dre: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: It could be, yeah.

ART: I’m a lay person and that’s what I think it is.

DRE: Yeah. So I guess— I think at this point, Throndir is reaching out through the mental connection because to him that seems like it would be stronger than just talking. And he’s saying:

Throndir: Y’know... sometimes in my village we’ve had some people who attempted to use magic and it just— it goes wrong, and no one is sure why.

NICK: Wait, wait. Actually, I think… Oh no, nevermind, okay.

AUSTIN: What’s up?

NICK: I was just making sure telepathy persisted.

AUSTIN: Oh it does, it does.

NICK: ‘Cause other things, like invisibility gets interrupted as soon as I cast a different spell— 

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Telepathy’s good.

NICK: —but telepathy keeps going until I shut it off.

AUSTIN: I think it’s until you— I think the rule I’ve looked into this, it’s until you sleep again, basically. Until you re-memorise that’s when it breaks and you have to recast it.

NICK: Sure, Um.

ART: We were just… asleep…

AUSTIN: That’s true…. Well, yeah, that is true. I don’t know if he does the preparation before or after. It’s not, like, sleep. It’s whenever you prep your spells. So I’m gonna say it’s—

ART: Alright, it’s not important.

AUSTIN: Yeah, whatever. He still has it. He’s gonna recast it when he wakes up or does his prep. I’m fine with letting that hang for now.

NICK: Yeah, okay.

AUSTIN: Though, we should roll it the next time that you cast it. We forgot to roll it this time. That’s okay

ART: Unless he, like, lost it in…

AUSTIN: Yeah. Invisi-land.

ART: “Invisi-land.”

AUSTIN: So, what do you do at this point, as a group?

ART: I imagine the rest of the group is going back to bed, right?

DRE: Throndir’s not. He’s fascinated by the fact that Fantasmo who’s just literally disappeared, and seemingly… Can Fantasmo not come back or is he choosing to not come back?

AUSTIN: We haven’t— he hasn’t tried yet. He said he was choosing…

ART: Yeah, he’s chosen to not try to come back.

NICK: Um, Has anything changed in the last couple of minutes?

AUSTIN: All the stars are gone.

NICK: ooh…

AUSTIN: And that means you can’t catch the bodies in your vision anymore, ‘cause they're not—

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: there’s nothing to block them out with…

NICK: Um...

AUSTIN: ...when there’s no light shining on them.

NICK: Alright, Fantasmo’s gonna give it... another couple of minutes just in case—

AUSTIN: Nothing else happens.

ART: Can we like— try feeling for him?

AUSTIN: I’ve figured it out. The next thing is, you realize, you don’t see your own feet anymore.

NICK: ah…

AUSTIN: And then your legs, and then your hands, and your elbows…

NICK: Alright. 

AUSTIN: Bit by bit, you also lose sight of yourself.

ART: We should tie a rope around him.

NICK: He’s starting to freak out now so he tries to end the invisibility.

AUSTIN: You can. So long as it’s ended. You’re talking a “stunned”. You’re stunned. You get minus one INT

NICK: Oh... okay.

AUSTIN: It takes the sort of concentration that holding a spell would normally would.

NICK: Oh, Alright. Interesting.

ART: Shit’s weird here.

DRE: Yeah. I tried warning y’all. You didn’t want to come here.

ART: I think I still wanted to come here. This is the kind of… This is the kind of closure I think I need… “closure” is the wrong word. There’s a better word than that.

AUSTIN: Sure. So everyone— 

FANTASMO: Fantasmo definitely needs to study this phenomena further!

NICK: What was that?

DRE: What was that?

ART: That’s a groan. That’s— That’s the dawning realization that we’re just gonna keep cleaning up weird exploration messes.

AUSTIN: That is the game.

ART: This is my life now. Just waiting for Fantasmo blunder into more nonsense.

DRE: Is Fantasmo back? Is he visible now?

AUSTIN: Yes, yes. And he can see things again.

DRE: Kodiak goes over and tries to lick his hand.

AUSTIN: Kodiak just— no. Kodiak’s still there. Everything’s fine.

DRE: Well no, but Kodiak tries to go over and lick Fantasmo’s hand,

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. That happens

DRE: Like “Oh hey you’re back! You’re back! Hey!”

NICK: It doesn’t show on his face, but Fantasmo is actually quite relieved and appreciates the physical contact. And pets… and gives Kodiak a good rub on the head.

DRE: Aww…

NICK: But his face is still stone cold, as always.

AUSTIN: So the next day, I’m guessing everyone relaxes, reprepares, eats a ration, so another one should be gone unless you’re Hadrian at this point. 

DRE: Do I heal after eating a ration? Or is that something— 

AUSTIN: Yeah, so that’s a basic move, that everyone has... Sorry, It’s a special move. “Make camp: When you settle into rest, consume a ration. If you’re somewhere dangerous choose a watch order as well—which we already dealt with—If you have enough XP you may level up. When you wake from a couple of uninterrupted hours of sleep, heal damage equal to half your max HP” 

ART: Wow!

AUSTIN: That’s big part of why you don’t get more HP, Right? Like, it’s not that hard to heal in between encounters in this game.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Also other things don’t get tons HP. You know, like a dragon might have like 20 HP—which is a lot— but not that much, you know? There are other reasons why you can’t hurt a dragon, though, like the fact they’re invulnerable? So they have 20 HP, but, like, good luck doing damage to it.

ART: They’re also up in the air a lot. 

AUSTIN: Mhmm.

NICK: Are there any mechanics for… What are the mechanics for healing conditions?

AUSTIN: You have to recover. “When you do nothing but rest in comfort in safety, after a day of rest you recover all your HP. After three days of rest you remove one debility of your choice. If you’re under the care of a healer, magical or otherwise, you heal a debility for every two days of rest instead”

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: To be clear, when you wake up the next morning, everything is gone again. 

NICK: Oh…

AUSTIN: You then have to concentrate again and step into this stunned state to like, keep everything visible again— Which is not bad! Right? On one hand, now you can be just invisible at will! But on the other hand you lose complete situational awareness.

ART: Okay, and this probably isn’t a disease, right?

AUSTIN: Naw.

ART: Alright I tried. 

DRE: Tried so hard!

ART: I can heal diseases. Why don’t you guys ever have diseases?

AUSTIN: I’ll work some diseases in, don’t worry.

ART: Don't— No that’s not what I wanted!

DRE: careful what you wish for.

NICK: I mean Fantasmo—when you can see him—he seems just ever so slightly a little slower on the uptake… than he usually— Like usually, he’s just always like, right there with whatever. But now, it takes him a beat to answer anything but the simplest questions. You guys are noticing this. So, is it gonna be an action to drop my guard? 

AUSTIN: What do you mean “to drop your guard”?

NICK: Like, do I have to… cast invisibility again, basically?

AUSTIN: No, no. It’s a move, do you know what I mean? You now have a move that says— that says “become invisible, lose sight of everything” 

NICK: But I’m not rolling anything for that, am I?

AUSTIN: No, no. 

NICK: Okay. 

ART: We should— Oh… Fantasmo,

NICK: It’s like sucking in your gut.

ART: If it weren’t for your ego we could be doing so much right now. We could tie a rope around you, we could— we could figure this out, but I know you won’t let us.

DRE: Maybe uh— 

NICK: Well I mean— I don’t know, maybe?

AUSTIN: Well his books don’t— His books aren’t invisible, right? His book are still floating by where he is. You have a general idea of where he is.

ART: Yeah. But he can, like, follow us while invisible if we tied a rope around him, like, yeah. Just follow where the rope pulls you. 

AUSTIN: I just thought of something. What’s your servant look like, Nick?

NICK: Um, I mean…?

AUSTIN: They’re invisible. Right?

NICK: Huh… Yeah they are invisible.

AUSTIN: Let’s say you could see your servant. What do they look like? 

NICK: I imagine him as a little stone golem.

AUSTIN: You see a little stone golem when you’re invisible and that’s it.

NICK:Awesome. It kinda freaks me out because I’ve never actually seen him before, ever!

AUSTIN: Right, right.

NICK: Also for the record, he looks remarkably a lot like the golems from Dragon Quest.

AUSTIN: Mmm, okay. Now I have that in mind. Weird coincidence, that.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So, you continue traveling and— 

NICK: Fantasmo patterned him after some, like, tomes... some ancient tomes he found from, you know, some lost civilization, so...

AUSTIN: Perfect. One day, while traveling closer and closer through the deep woods, you come to a long, frozen-over lake. Throndir sees this first as the person advancing, and there is two things here that are worth your time. On one hand, on the far end of the lake, I’d say this is…. a couple hundred yards? So, far— but traversable. You see a little hut on the lake— on the lakeshore, with some smoke coming out of its chimney. It has lights in its windows and you see on the outside there are a couple of animals leashed to the side of the building— 

NICK: oh! 

AUSTIN: The second thing you see— 

NICK: My cat tried to jump on my lap, sorry.

AUSTIN: The second thing you see is, a humanoid figure frozen in place, sitting on the dock where the lake is, its feet dangling into the water— into what was the water before it had frozen over.

NICK: Like literally frozen? Or are they just not moving? 

AUSTIN: Literally frozen over.

NICK: Oh, okay. 

DRE: Yeah, like his foot is, like, is inside the frozen water, right?

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: You can’t make any particular features, it’s icey to the point of… Like, a layer of ice so thick has built up around this body that it distorts what's inside of it.

DRE: Gotcha.

AUSTIN: It’s getting… You also notice—I don’t think you need to roll for it— that its a couple of degrees colder here, than it was just, you know, 15 minutes ago.

DRE, NICK and ART: Hmm...

DRE: So, the guy is on the other side of the lake from me, right?

AUSTIN: No, the guy is on the near side. The docks are only a couple of— I mean like 20-30 meters away.

DRE: Okay, and the house is on the other side…

AUSTIN: is on the other side, say, four football fields away. 

DRE: Okay. Is the shore, like—

AUSTIN: Football’s a big spot in the world of Hieron.

DRE: Yeah, no, snow elves are really good at it. We’ve got a really good offense this year, we could go all the way. I’m trying to get— 

ART: The Frost Fighting Fish are going to kick your ass this play-offs.

DRE: I’m trying to get a sense for how big this lake is, like, can I see the the entirety of this lake? 

AUSTIN: No, I think it's probably longer than it is wide, for us? Like, you can cross to— you can see where you can cross to the other side. But you do see, let’s say to the south, it fades off to the horizon. To the north let’s also say its a few 700 meters away, or something. But you can see the tree line to the north, but you can’t see the tree line to the south, past it.

NICK: There’s no way it’s the Fighting Fish. It's the Velas Bay... Fish Packers.

AUSTIN: Hah!

DRE: Nice, nice. 

NICK: Sorry.

DRE: So it would be a trek to, like, go around this lake.

AUSTIN: Mhmm.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Do it! You could do it. It’d probably add, you know, some time. Especially with Hadrian leading.

DRE: Hoh, Jesus Christ. 

ART: I’m just walking through the lake pass!

NICK: Poor Hadrian…

DRE: Yeah, in your full scale, just chomping across this ice! What could go wrong! Um, I guess I’m gonna— 

ART: It looks pretty thick! 

DRE: Well, I’m gonna go find out how thick it is. I’m gonna telepathy back to Fantasmo, you know, relaying back what I’ve seen. But I wanna go check out this frozen guy, can I figure out how long he’s been frozen or anything like that?

AUSTIN: That sounds like a “discern realities” How are you checking for that stuff? You’re just like, examining, basically?

DRE: Yeah, I don’t wanna touch it. Like, I’ve got enough alarm bells going off in my head that I’m like “I don’t wanna touch anything.”

AUSTIN: Are you standing on the dock, or on the lake?

DRE: I’m gonna approach the dock but not step on it.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, you’re not even on the dock? It’s hard to tell. You have to get closer. You have to be either on the dock, or on the lake just to see him, right? Picture a fisher with his feet dangling, do you know what I mean?

DRE: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, I’m gonna slowly approach it on the dock…. So, a “discern realities” check?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Are kinda doing the “heads twisting and peeking around?”—Oh boy…

DRE: Aw geez. Good rolls for here. A six…

AUSTIN: That’s a six… 

DRE: Well, hold on, hold on…

AUSTIN: Hmmm….

DRE: I don’t have any….

AUSTIN: That’s a stretch. Go ahead.

DRE: Yeah.. yeah. I was gonna see if “animal companion” does anything but I don't think it's trained in anything. It’s only training is standing guard and fighting monsters, so I don't think it’ll be able to help me out here.

AUSTIN: Kodiak kinda whimpers as you go on to the dock, scared for you, like— and you’re like “It’s fine, it’s fine.” You kneel down to look at this thing, again, like move your head around it and look at it from different angles, trying to discern some features. And then, Kodiak barks twice, and you look over to the right and you’re like “Kodiak, calm down!” and when you look back, you see that this thing has moved its head to face you.

DRE: Perfect.

NICK: Aah!!

AUSTIN: What do you do?

DRE: I try to back up, I’m back-peddling off of this dock. 

AUSTIN: Mhmm. You do so. And with each step you take, you feel in your bones that you’re getting colder and colder, and colder.

DRE: Yup… yup. 

AUSTIN: Every time you look back, it’s in a different place. Its feet lift up out of the frozen lake, then it’s at the edge of the dock.

DRE: Am I seeing it move? 

AUSTIN: No, you’re not.

DRE: Okay, so it’s like I glance back— 

AUSTIN: but you’re not sure— Right. But if you like, stopped and stared, you might see it move. This is just a really good cinematic effect.

DRE: Yeah, no, I appreciate it.

AUSTIN: What do you do? Have you “radioed in”?

DRE: Yeah, I mean I’m telepathing back to— 

AUSTIN: How far ahead are you? 

DRE: That’s a good question. I mean, if I’m scouting out ahead, probably… You know probably like a hundred yards or so, I would imagine? Two hundred yards maybe? 

AUSTIN: Okay, so they—

ART: It probably depends on the amount of cover, right? Like, the scouting doesn’t help if you could see the threats coming up and we’re just like “Oh but there’s those guys there!” 

AUSTIN: Right. I think this is probably, you broke from the treeline to see the lake, right?

DRE: Yeah, absolutely. 

AUSTIN: Dre, go ahead and give me a “defy danger: enduring” because the cold is really getting into you right now.

DRE: Alright. 

AUSTIN: Also, everyone mark down every time you fail a roll. That is XP. I always forget to say that in the beginning of the game.

DRE: Oh geez. So how many times have I failed a roll now?

NICK: So, failed is like, six or less right?

AUSTIN: Six or less. Dre you’ve failed at least twice, Art failed at least once. 

ART: Yeah, I think it’s only the one, but it was a great one.

DRE: I’ve failed “spout lore,” I’ve failed shooting my arrow, and I just failed this “discern reality”.

AUSTIN: See! I told you you would catch up with XP! I just knew it in my heart—In my heart of hearts. I should also note, this is the one thing I did forget to do at the beginning of the game. I always wanna say what the agenda of this game is, it is “to portray a fantastic world, to fill the characters lives with adventure, and to play to find out what happens.” Thankfully, I think we’ve done all of those so far.

DRE: Yeah, I’m finding out what kind of terrible things can happen to this poor ranger! I rolled an eight on my “defy danger”. 

AUSTIN: Hmm… Okay. You are able to maintain control of your body, like you’re not frozen in place, let’s say. But in the middle of your communication back to them about what it is, you can’t form the words anymore.

DRE: Yeah.

ART:You never wanna be in a situation where your brain can't form words anymore.

AUSTIN: Yeah. You can hear him shivering through the telepathic link, Fantasmo.

NICK: Uh.... I’m sorry, what?

AUSTIN: You can hear him shivering though the telepathic link. 

NICK: Oh… Oh, Okay. 

AUSTIN: Which you didn’t know that could do, but apparently, it can. It’s approaching— Are you just running back towards them or are you… What are you doing?

DRE: Yeah, I think at this point I think I’m just booking it.

AUSTIN: Okay, yeah. Hadrian and Fantasmo hear Kodiak’s barks before they even see either of you, but quickly, you’re together again. As a group, what do you do? 
ART: I mean, I wanna see this. I’m immune to cold. I wanna see this with my eyes. That’s what I want.

DRE: What comes in my adventuring gear pack? What all is in there?

AUSTIN: Whatever you want. What do you want?

DRE: So, I would have a flint and a torch? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure! So the way adventuring gear works is, when you wanna do something that’s a thing an adventurer would do, you tell me what the thing is that you want from in there, and then you have it. And then, you mark down a “use” of adventuring gear, and you write down the thing that you had. You know what I mean? So, now, instead of having… I think adventuring gear has… How many uses does adventuring gear have? Does anybody know from the top of their head? I think it's.... five… I think…

ART: Aw... it doesn’t say in the gear…

AUSTIN: Yeah, it doesn’t. 

ART: Also, I didn’t take it.

AUSTIN: Okay, great. I’m just gonna check I have the book right in front of me so, I may as well grab it... Uh…

DRE: Yeah. Five uses.

AUSTIN: Five uses? Okay. So, mark that down to four uses, and write down— I guess those are two different thing, huh? Torches and the flint and steel? Yeah, so mark that down to three.

DRE: Okay, I take out the flint and steel and light up my torch.

AUSTIN: Good call. What are you doing in terms of where you’re at… as a group? Are you just standing ground, are you going forward? 

NICK: I mean, I can warm things for “prestidigitation cantrip”?

AUSTIN: That's interesting. 

NICK: So, I'm gonna try to— but it requires me to touch him.

AUSTIN: Uh huh.

NICK: Uh… so…

ART: …sorry 

NICK: I don't know if Fantasmo wants to, like…

AUSTIN: I love it. This is the best.

NICK: I don't know if Fantasmo wants to risk catching his “cold disease” or whatever it is. I mean it spread through touch.

AUSTIN: What if you heat up, like, a cup of water for him?

NICK: Oh that's a good idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: I'm just gonna let you do that. I'm not gonna make you roll on it at this point.

NICK: Okay.

DRE: Fuckin’ germaphobe! 

AUSTIN: You should, again, there are times where I think it's important, but at this moment I like it too much to make you roll on it.

ART: I can try to cure it, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Although, it’s weird ‘cause it's— maybe we'd just know? I could touch someone's skin, pray for their wellbeing, and try to heal them. If I roll a seven to nine on that, the damage or disease is transferred to me. I'm divinely immune to cold, but I don't know if that covers “magic cold disease”.

AUSTIN: If that's what it is.

DRE: Austin, does Throndir— like he's been cold before— 

AUSTIN: This is colder than that.

DRE: This is something different? Okay.

AUSTIN: This is like, the coldest night of the coldest year, of the coldest generation. And it's sticking with you. The coldest generation is my favorite generation from the 20th century.

DRE: Should I be marking myself as “shaky” or— 

AUSTIN: Hmm, no. I don't think so. No, no, ‘cause you passed that roll. I wanted there to be a good, kind of, narrative note on how cold this is. You're holding up okay largely because you're from the snow elves. You have been trained to… live through this sort of cold. It's just that— this is the sort of cold day you hear about and think, “No, never in my lifetime.” You know?

ART: Alright, Hadrian needs to see this. And I think I sorta start moving towards that treeline.

DRE: I'll go back with you 

AUSTIN: As you come to the treeline, you see a man sitting at the edge of the dock with his feet dangling in the water, covered in ice, as before.

ART: Okay… and he's not movin’?

AUSTIN: No, not right now.

ART: I wanna approach.

AUSTIN: Okay. Give me a “defy danger: constitution” because of the cold.

ART: Alright… 

AUSTIN: No, wait! You don't have to do that. You're immune to cold. I forgot. My bad. Right. How do you think that feels? Is that you're aware of the cold? Or is your body heat just always good.

ART: I think it's like… it's weird. It sorta requires you to think about what it is to feel cold? Like, what if you could feel cold— you knew it was cold but it didn't bother you.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: But you knew it would bother you.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: Like, oh yeah, it's cold but my teeth aren't chattering. I don't feel bad.

AUSTIN: Like no matter how cold it gets… Right, right. I know what you mean. It's like a forty degree day.

ART: Yeah. Like, it's not pleasant. It doesn't feel good. Like, I'm not warm, but cold doesn't bother me.

AUSTIN: Okay. You approach it just like Throndir did, and as you get close, it's not moving.

ART: Alright, I wanna call out to him:

HADRIAN: Sir! 

AUSTIN: Nothing.

ART: I should try divinely commanding him.

AUSTIN: Hmm.

ART: Yeah, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna try “I am the law”

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: You know, I say

HADRIAN: Sir! I represent Samothes, the once and future king of this land, y’know… may his divine light… heat this land. Please, if you can hear me, answer me.

ART: And then, I roll plus CHA.

AUSTIN: Yup.

DRE: Damn.

ART: So I have a plus one forward with him, and he gets to either: do what I say, back away cautiously and then flee, or attack me.

AUSTIN: It stands up in full— it like, lifts its legs out and the way it does this is, as it moves its legs out of the water, it forms long icicles that then snap as it finally lifts its legs off, and it does the same with the other one on to the ground, 

ART: Aw, that sucks.

AUSTIN: it moves in very avian motions, actually? Like, quick— you know what I mean? Like, really quick sudden movements? Like, very snappy. And turns to face you, and it opens— so it has a head, right? And you can see what looks like a human face inside of that kind of a deep cover of ice, a deep layer of ice.

ART: Great.

AUSTIN: But about where the nose or eyes are, opens up like a mouth, and like a really... silent scream, or a quiet scream. And you feel it get like, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep below zero. It's fine, you're okay, but this would not be good for you, otherwise.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: In fact, Throndir and Fantasmo get colder even at their distance. There's no “defy danger” here, but it's not good. What do you do?

ART: So he's attacking--

AUSTIN: That was an attack.

ART: He chose not to talk to me? These people. Fuckin’ low stakes commands and they flip the fuck out. How far apart— 

AUSTIN: Very close. You're probably too close for the halberd at this point.

DRE: Punch it!

AUSTIN: Like he's in your range, you know?

DRE: Punch it!

ART: I'm not gonna— I guess I could just punch him, it's not that less damage! Alright, yeah. I'm taking a swing!

AUSTIN: Which hand are you using? 

ART: My right hand with my holy symbol.

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: And it's a haymaker, right? Like, this is a punch that I wanna create distance with.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Like, I don't wanna like bloody his nose, I want it to stagger back so I can use my weapon.

AUSTIN: Sounds good. Go ahead and give me the “hack and slash”.

ART: There it is. Nine.

AUSTIN: Alright, yeah.

ART: And then I roll eleven d10, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, just, eleven d10. Now go ahead and do your--

NICK: Your eleventy isn't a number.

ART: Uh… hold on I still need to add on that d4… This isn't great. Oh that was okay I guess— Uh, six! 

AUSTIN: You do land that punch, and it does go backwards, it totally does. The thing is, it carries you with it. Your hand is stuck to its face now.

ART: Right, ‘cause it's metal and it's cold. 

AUSTIN: Right. 

DRE: Ooh… it's like he licked the fire pole.

AUSTIN: What did you roll again? You got a… to hit was a nine? 

ART: Nine.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that means does three damage. 

NICK: Fantasmo dares Throndir to lick him.

AUSTIN: That’s good, that seems right.

DRE: Triple dog dare you!

AUSTIN: It slams its other free hand into your face, and— 

ART: My armor soaks that.

AUSTIN: But, yeah— actually, you know what? Maybe it's like trying to grip through your helmet with its hand— it has a hand now. It was once a solid block of ice, now takes the form of a kind of jagged claw— 

DRE: With like, icicle fingers?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. It's like, scraping— you can hear it scraping at your helmet. It's really loud and weird. Throndir and Fantasmo what's up with y’all? What are you doing?

NICK: Did anything happen after I warmed up the water—

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah, it comforted him. 

NICK: Okay.

DRE: I appreciate it.

AUSTIN: He appreciates it. That was a nice character-building moment. Like, he's warmer now, but he didn't a debility or anything, you know what I mean? He was alright.

NICK: Oh, alright. Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: So what are you doing now? 

DRE: I will let you go first, Fantasmo. Age before beauty.

NICK: Aw, gosh. I don't know. Um…. This thing is probably a beast or monster, right? 

AUSTIN: Yeah! I think it's fair to say that!

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: No, it's a fair--

DRE: No, it's Joe! From down the street!

ART: Yeah, if this is a person I'm gonna be weirded out.

NICK: Yeah.

ART: Maybe “I am the law” wasn’t appropriate.

AUSTIN: You didn't— Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

DRE: You try to be a nice person.

NICK: I don't know! Whatever! I'm gonna cast magic missiles at it!

AUSTIN: Do it. That seems right.

NICK: Oh, five. Ouch.

AUSTIN: Woof… What happens when you miss, again? Oh, I just get to--

NICK: I get an XP!

AUSTIN: You do get an XP, that is what happens. It steps with strength, Hadrian, that you didn't know it had. Your fist still stuck to its face, you're dragged off the dock towards Fantasmo.

ART: That's not great.

AUSTIN: It screams again, this time with a focal area? Like, way more narrow. You can see the snow in the ground buff it up from the strength of this thing's wind.

ART: Yeep…

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, take five, and take the debility “shaky”.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: What do you do?

NICK: Um…

AUSTIN: I think Throndir, at this point should be… What's up with Throndir? 'Cause everyone else has done some stuff.

DRE: Yeah, um… 

ART: I know my next move is gonna go bad no matter what!

AUSTIN: Aww…

ART: I know what it is, I know how it ends, and I don't want it! 

DRE: I've got two things in mind and I don't think I could make one of them happen, so I'm gonna go ahead and—

AUSTIN: What's the one you don't think you can make happen?

DRE: I'm trying to think of what I have on me that I could use to fashion a fire arrow out of. And the closest thing I can think of that would work, is if I tore a piece of cloth off of something and wrapped It around one of my arrows.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think it would just take an extra turn, do you know what I mean? Like, you could do that and it would be, you know, jerry-rigged together. This would not be a good fire arrow.

DRE: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: And it would take you a turn to do that, if you wanted to do that. What's the other idea?

DRE: Well I got this torch. I could just go at it with this torch.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. To be clear you did also pick your other weapon back up, your spear. I just wanna make sure.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So, are you gonna charge at it with that touch? 

DRE: Yeah. I'll say I've got torch in one hand and spear in the other.

AUSTIN: Okay, sounds good.

DRE: That would be “hack and slash”?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it would be “hack and slash”. What are you hitting it with? 

DRE: The torch. 

AUSTIN: Okay. Give me that strength roll.

DRE: ...I will as soon as Roll20 decides to work.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you have not been on, you might wanna refresh. Because you've not been here for a minute. There you are.

ART: There you are.

DRE: I don't know what happened. Things are weird. It's giving me ads…. And…. Maybe here I am?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you're listed. 

DRE: It won't let me click on anything. 

ART: That's weird.

DRE: It's super weird… and I can't type anything either.

AUSTIN: Hmm… Try relaunching the browser? 

DRE: Yeah I will.

AUSTIN: Do you want me to make a roll for you so we can move along while you're doing that?

DRE: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I trust you.

AUSTIN: Alright, you hit that strength… Look at that! Eleven!

DRE: YEAH!! I'm gonna mess this thing up! This is for breathing on my face you big jerk!

AUSTIN: You catch it with the torch, and it immediately-- it doesn't just melt away, like the ice doesn't melt in the traditional sense where there's gonna be a pool of liquid. This is surprising. Your “A” scenario is like “Aw, I'm gonna melt this thing, and there's gonna be a person underneath, and they're gonna have some stuff to tell us. And then we're gonna be able to keep going on our journey!” That's like, your “A” scenario. Your “B” scenario is like, “Oh it's gonna melt and there's gonna be water on the ground, and maybe that dude is dead, but like whatever” It doesn't melt the way ice melts into water. It is closer to evaporation? But, it's not just steam going into the air, it's little bright blue particles, that kinda go into the air like cinders burning off of a fire, and then disappear.

DRE: Okay.

NICK: I wanna “detect magic”.

AUSTIN: You should. To be clear, you know that thing is magic. You don't need to detect magic to know that.

DRE: Do I need to roll damage for that? 

AUSTIN: No. 

ART: Oh! was that the evil?!

AUSTIN: Um….. Yeah….

DRE: Probably?

ART: my evil sense

AUSTIN: It was. 

DRE: “My evil sense”

NICK: Well, if I know it's magic do I recognise a spell that associated with it? According to my quick study?

AUSTIN: Yeah. I think it's fair to say that you know that wasn't— You know that it's like, in a class of spell, let's say. That thing was conjured somehow, or it was, you know... something made incarnate, maybe? Do you know what I mean? Like that wasn't a yeti or something. You know that was probably… You know that was either a thing someone conjured into being, or summoned into being through a ritual or a spell, or that it was the manifestation of something, of a force, of something like that. 

NICK: Hmm..

AUSTIN: You're not sure what. The obvious thing would be like “Oh, it's a manifestation of cold itself” or something. But then you're like “Aw, no. That seems like it would be way stronger, like maybe the manifestation of cold wouldn't die being hit by a torch” You're not sure but— 

NICK: Is the implication here is that there's something else behind it?

AUSTIN: You're not sure. There could be. 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Or, rather. Yeah, there's something else behind it, but you don't know if it's a “who” or “what— 

NICK: I don't know if you actually told me anything there.

AUSTIN: You know it's not a natural creature, do you know what I mean? 

NICK: Okay, alright.

AUSTIN: the other thing is, your library doesn't know exactly what that was. There is a limit… I guess that's the thing. This isn't a “known unknown”, so you know that in your huge collection of tomes and books, there wasn't a spell there that would've made that thing. 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: The spells that you have wouldn't have ended the way this one did. The spells that you know, that you could go back to your tower fifty years ago and look up, would have encapsulated a man in ice and turned him into some sort of ice golem. You know what I mean?

NICK: Gotcha.

AUSTIN: So, you know it's not one of those things. This is something else altogether.

NICK: Do I still get the +1 forward? In relation to— 

AUSTIN: Yeah. And I'll tell you when it comes up— and I'll let you know when that's valid. Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Okay, yeah. 
.
AUSTIN: So, also you can lose the “shaky”— the dexterity debility. 

NICK: Oh okay. Cool.

AUSTIN: As it fades away, the nearby area warms just a little bit. It's still snowy, icy region. Like this isn't suddenly a spring meadow, but things are a little less cold than they once were.

ART: And when he's not there my hand's not stuck to him— 

AUSTIN: That is also true! 

ART: But enough of his head remains that you have to carry it around forever!

AUSTIN: What do you do? There's still that house in the distance. I feel like we'll deal with that house and then call it for the week? Is that fair?

NICK: Yeah.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: If you want to deal with the house, you can also just not deal with the house.

ART: I think I plan on dealing with the house. I was just gonna say this hasn't felt like— this hasn't felt as long. having fewer people?

AUSTIN: That's what it is. Everyone's gonna need to talk more— the other thing is we've done a lot of like, broad talk about stuff. And who the characters are or where we're at, and metaphysics and philosophy of this world, and not much action. Do you know what I mean? We’ll see where it goes.

NICK: I am absolutely running on stream, so. Like, I think I have the house in me and that's it.

ART: Alright, let's get to that house.

DRE: Before we decide to chromp all over the ice, can I do a “discern realities” to see if it's thick enough to walk on? 

AUSTIN: So ”discern realities” specifically gives you those questions to ask. It's not just a general spot check? but that could be one of those things, do you know what I mean?

DRE: I could ask “What is about to happen, if Art steps on this in full scale armor”.

AUSTIN: Right, right. Go ahead and give me 

ART: We’re gonna have talk about that pretty aggressively.

DRE: Wisdom check is eight.

AUSTIN: Okay, which means you get to ask one of the questions here which is: “What happened here recently? What's about to happen? What should I be on the lookout for? What here is useful or valuable to me? Who's really in control here? or, what here is not what it appears to be?”

DRE: Hmm...

ART: Oh, some are those are better than “is Hadrian gonna fall through the ice?

DRE: Yeah…

ART: 'Cause I mean like, whatever. You can fish a man out of the ice. But finding out who's in control here, that's a big question.

AUSTIN: But there's also a limit to that stuff, right? Like, you know, if you were in the words of Pennsylvania and you say “who here is really in control?” You're not gonna get the governor's name. because obviously federal law is more— no. So, 

ART: Right! You get Barack Obama.

AUSTIN: Right, obviously. Barry!— it just says “Barry”. Alright, so what do you ask?— 

DRE: —also vote Tom Wolf for Pennsylvania governor 2014. I’m gonna ask… I guess I’ll ask “what is about to happen?” because we’re about to step on this ice and try to walk across it.

AUSTIN: Yeah. In the near future, the loss of that “thing” is going to lower the temperature such that the lake is not as— 

DRE: You mean raise the temperature?

AUSTIN: Sorry, yeah. Raise the temperature here, such that the lake is not as frozen as it once was.

DRE: Ugh....

AUSTIN: So, you take +1 forward acting on that. 

DRE: Yeah. I guess I warn both of them: 

Throndir: If we try to cross this lake, it could get dicey. 

AUSTIN: Well it’s two things too, right? It’s “if we wanna cross this lake, we have to do it now and also it could get dicey” You know?

ART: Great! So we’ll just run across the lake, I hear you. I’ll just move as fast as I can in this big heavy armor, and we’ll be across that lake in no time! 

DRE: Alright, yeah. Sure, sure.

AUSTIN: Who’s leading it? ...I think this gonna be a one “defy danger” roll, for the person leading the path across this lake, and then, “aid/interfere” roll for people who want to aid.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Is it Art by default? — Is it Hadrian because he’s the trailblazer?

DRE: Because he’s just taken off? Yeah.

AUSTIN: Or is it Throndir, because he's the scout?

ART: If it’s Throndir he could lead us away from the lake. Right? This is just my weird thing, It doesn’t need to be a big thing.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. That’s true. It would take an extra day of— 

ART: You’d be like “I’m the scout! Oh, this isn't good, let’s go over there.” Whereas if it was me, it’s gonna be like, “I’m invincible— 

AUSTIN: No matter what you’re gonna have to make a roll. This is a “defy danger” roll to cross this lake, if that's what you wanna do. Do you know what I mean? 

DRE: I think we should walk around. I don’t wanna walk across this lake.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: It’s gonna add— So, everyone subtract another ration. And, you go around this lake… Let’s see if I could do that here, that’d be nice if I could… Oh oops thats the wrong color entirely. Undo..undosies.

NICK: We’re getting a full camp then, right?

AUSTIN: No, it just takes that whole day to get around.

NICK: Oh, okay. I see.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh… that’s not what I want. The last one’s wrong… Fuck. This map thing is weird— This map thing I’m using’s weird. So you get back around to the little cottage— Not late at night, but as the sun has begun to set.

ART: Creepiest time to go into strange cottages.

AUSTIN: It is. 

DRE: Exactly. What could go wrong?

AUSTIN: What could go wrong?

DRE: Besides everything. 

AUSTIN: From up close, you can see that the cottage is definitely built by skilled-if-unsophisticated hands. Which is to say it looks like a sturdy construction, but not really the sort of construction that feels… like, made by someone who knows how houses are built? Like, this is— 

ART: Okay, so it’s like over-built kind of?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yes. Good call. It’s a good way of saying it.

ART: Like the way they used to make houses.

AUSTIN: Right, yup. What do you do? The lights are warm, yellow. You can hear the braying of some of these animals that are tied up outside.

DRE: Are there windows?

AUSTIN: Yeah, there are. They are mostly iced over, though.

DRE: So I can’t see anything through them?

AUSTIN: You could peek? Are you trying to peek stealthily?

DRE: Yeah, yeah. I wanna peek in one of the windows— 

NICK: Hee hee hee…. you’re peeking~ 

AUSTIN: Give me a “defy danger” — I guessing that’s a DEX, right? That’s like the traditional— 

NICK: Phil has ruined that word forever for me. Forever and ever and ever.

DRE: peeking. Uh, I rolled a nine. 

AUSTIN: Hmm. You’re able to look in but, let’s see… the “defy danger”s are always the hardest. Like, for people listening, the way this game works is that I get to— “when a ‘defy danger’ fails the GM offers a worst outcome, hard bargain, or ugly choice” Which is like one of those moments of like “Oh hey, that’s a lot of open space for me to play with.”

DRE: A lot things that can go wrong

AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. Hmm, how does this come back around. Let me look at some stuff real quick and think like an adult. Okay, yeah. As you’re peeking—you do get to peek in—you see a little leathery goblin man sitting in a chair, wrapped up in a big furry blanket, flipping through a book. But, you also hear in the distance the yelling and hooping and hollering of that goblin hunting party.

ART: In the distance of that house?

AUSTIN: In the distance of the house. Like, you know, probably five/ten minute away of travel. 

DRE: Throndir’s very confused, because everything he’s heard about goblins— like, they should not be able to build a house like this. So, in his mind they’ve probably killed whoever lived here and stole it. Like, they just took it. In Throndir’s mind there’s no way they could’ve built this. Because the way he was taught about how goblins are.

AUSTIN: Right, right. What do you do?

DRE: Well, so, I relay kinda what I see— I tell Hadrian and Fantasmo:

Throndir: There’s a goblin inside. He doesn’t know we’re here.

DRE: Did everyone hear the party?

AUSTIN: Yes, everybody heard the hunting party for sure.

Throndir: —and we’re about to have some company, so whatever we do we need do it quick. 

FANTASMO: What book is he reading?

Throndir: There’s—There’s like a picture book, I don’t know! 

ART: Okay, we have to act quickly. They’re coming from behind us.

AUSTIN: Let’s say they are coming from the east of the house. So, not behind you, like they weren’t— no. Not from the other side of the lake. From further east from where this house is. 

ART: Okay. If I’m to believe that these goblins have stolen this house then I think I have to act decisively. 

AUSTIN: Mhmm. Sure.

ART: Uh, that was everyone’s chance to stop me. You failed.

DRE: Listen, Throndir isn’t a gets going taken down some gob-o’s so.

ART: But there’s ways to do this right? Like, I can assert authority. I can, you know, bang on that door, use “I am the law” and be like, “I command you to give up your ill-gotten goods and surrender” and then they’re gonna attack us. But, maybe I get a +1 forward on it. 

NICK: Is Throndir sharing— Is he being vocal about his beliefs about goblins?

DRE: Yeah, absolutely. 

NICK: Well in that case, I’m gonna try to do a “spout lore” on goblins. Because I think Fantasmo would probably at least have an inkling that it might not be exactly…

ART: Oh, I guess there’s a move I should make too.... but go on.

NICK: I keep losing my basic moves page… I don't know where I keep… Oh there it is. 

AUSTIN: It’s plus INT

ART: The PDF version isn’t super great. 

NICK: I have a bunch of actual physical pages here in front of me… ‘cause I’m a dork.

DRE: How Fantasmo of you.

NICK: Yeah, exactly!

AUSTIN: If you ever just desperately need it, you can just click on your character sheet in the thing and it’ll show you. The text is all there.

NICK: Oh yeah! Duh, okay. There it is. So, I’m rolling an “INT” use my books for this. 

AUSTIN: Remember you’re at -1 from whatever— 

NICK: Yeah. Nah, I got the stun checked and this sheet is pretty good it puts it in there automatically. 

ART: Oh, look at that!

AUSTIN: That’s really nice.

NICK: Shoot. That's a seven. So, I just barely did not completely fail it. 

AUSTIN: “I tell you something interesting and it’s up to you to make useful” Your stuff is mostly inline with what Throndir said, which is to say they are pathological hoarders.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: They take things, it’s what they do. I’m trying to think if there's anything slightly more interesting for you… Hmm… How much to give here…. You know that they… That there was a time when the goblins— and this is the sorta thing you know in sort of a dismissive way— 

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: When there was a group of elves once, that formed a close relationship with some goblins in this area. Whether or not that continues still— you’re not sure.

NICK: Okay. 

ART: Alright, I have two moves I’d like to make.

AUSTIN: Sure.

ART: First, what here is evil?

AUSTIN: Well, Hella’s not here. Dre what’s your alignment? 

DRE: I’m chaotic.

AUSTIN: Okay. What is your actual alignment move, so we know. We should’ve brought that up.

DRE: “To free someone from literal or figurative bonds”

AUSTIN: Okay, that’s good.

ART: That’s a good one.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it is. Nothing here is evil.

ART: Okay, that’s a good start. And, in my ongoing attempt to display better judgement, this is something I’ve been observing about myself in this game. I’m running off half-cocked too much. I would like to “discern realities”

AUSTIN: Good call. How are you doing that? What’s your actual…

ART: I’m trying to like, observe. I’m using what he’s told me, which is, you know, that goblins are evil. I’m using what I just discerned divinely, which is “nothing here is evil”. And I’m trying to figure out, is kicking this door in and starting shit, is that really the good thing to do?

AUSTIN: Good call. Give me your “discern realities” check.

ART: Yeah, it’s not gonna go well. I’m not good at this. Seven! So, I get one?

AUSTIN: Uh huh, what’s your question?

ART: “What here is not what it appears to be?”

AUSTIN: This is a tricky question, because are we addressing the... Everything Art and I say end up in this weird like, metaphysical, philosophical. When we say— 

ART: Like, are you asking if we’re addressing the kinda, weird goblin racism?

AUSTIN: Right, exactly. Do we say that appearances are always biased by your experiences. Which is to say— Can I answer that question by saying “You should get away from that weird goblin racism.”

ART: You could, but that would be a weird way to get that, right? Like, “I looked around and thought about it for a second and realized racism was bad”? 

AUSTIN: Well, here’s the thing, the equivalent is—I’m saying this as a black dude— This is walking into a store with another black friend, and the shopkeep starts following us around the store and keeps asking us questions “Is everything alright here? Is everything alright here?” If they pass their “discern reality” check and say “What here is not as it appears to be?” Do they realize that we aren’t thieves, we are just humans? Is that a thing that could happen, do you know what I mean?

NICK: Hmm.

ART: I don’t know?

AUSTIN: Is the thing like “Oh these aren’t ‘thugs’” quote-unquote. “These are just two kids hanging out” — I’m not a kid I’m twenty-nine. “These are just two friends hanging out”

ART: Right. I don’t know. 

ART: There’s part of me that hopes that’s the world is like, right? Like everyone’s just one good “discern realities” check away from being a better person— 

AUSTIN: But that ends up leading to this big debate about like “Oh, if we’re just reasonable about things, things will get fixed” and that’s not a great thing either.

NICK: Well, I think there’s some wiggle room. Like, it doesn’t have to necessarily have be like “Art realizes that all goblins are the best people in the world.” 

AUSTIN: Right. 

ART: But, I could realize that like, “Oh that’s probably this guy’s house”

NICK: Yeah, you could realize that— 

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s fine.

NICK: —you have some preconceived notions about goblins that are maybe coloring what your— your perception right now.

AUSTIN: Then, “What here is not what it appears to be?” is— for you, this appeared to not be his house, at first. That this was something that he took, but you notice the size the of the craftsmanship fits his hands. You notice he’s comfortable in this space, in way that a thief might not be. You notice the inside the house—as you look through windows the same way that Dre did— is decorated with things you would associate with stereotypical goblin culture, right? The sort of like, adornment of hand crafted little totems, things like that. Some feathers— 

ART: I mean, the really shitty part of this is, what I’m gonna do is still gonna end up with fighting this goblins.

AUSTIN: I don't know, maybe. We’ll see.

ART: I mean, I get a +1 forward acting on this answer, but I think my bold action is instead of kicking in this door I’m gonna knock.

AUSTIN: Okay, so go knock.

NICK: Yeah. Also, if any of the three of us are going to be open to maybe, you know, questioning their preconceived notions about a situation, I think it would be the studied, learned, religious guy, right? Hopefully.

AUSTIN: It helps that he’s not evil.

ART: It helps that he’s not evil, and I actually have been doing a lot of thought about how educated Hadrian really is, and this isn't really the time or the place for that.

NICK: Okay, well, but I mean like— 

ART: I was thinking about how many books I think he’d read and I don't know if I like that number—

NICK: You’re gonna probably, like err on the side of “people are good unless they prove otherwise”, right?

ART: Yes, and especially because I’ve taken a vow of hospitality. And, hospitality is not “not attacking a man in his house”. But it’s a move in that direction.

AUSTIN: Yes. So, you knock.

ART: I knock, you know, my weapons aren’t out. I’m in a position of supplicat….tion?

AUSTIN: Supplication, yeah. Your knock gets like, a grumble at first, and a “Get outta here!” And then, there’s kinda like a “huh?” and it stumbles over— oh, not stumble over. You hear a “clop, clop, clop”— like a “step, step, step, step, step” and really mouthy sounds behind the door, as it creaks opens and a little goblin wearing wire-framed glasses looks up to you. Kinda does a little— does a little head bob backwards as if to pull you inside. And peeks around the corners as the hooping and hollering of the party—the hunting party— moves through.

ART: So, he like— 

AUSTIN: He’s ushering you in.

ART: Alright, so, I go in. There’s no childhood tales about how awful goblins are that I’ve heard. Well, I really hope that he speaks the tongue that I speak.

AUSTIN: Well, he did. He did. You heard him say “get outta here” at first.

ART: Oh, I heard him talking. Alright, yeah. So, yeah— 

HADRIAN: Thank you.

GOBLIN: Mhmm.

HADRIAN: We’ve been traveling for a long time and it’s great to see a friendly face.

AUSTIN: He shakes his head, as if like, “here we go again.”

GOBLIN: You adventurers come through here every— uh, six months or so, and uh, I just…. There’s nothing here. I don’t know what it is you think you’re gonna get, but you’re wasting your time. I'll give you a warm meal and you can leave in the morning.

HADRIAN: Thank you for your hospitality. I obviously disagree with what we’re going to find out here, but— 

GOBLIN: You always do and you die. Then— then they die. If it’s— 

ART: That’s bleak.

GOBLIN: —If it’s not the owl bears, it’s the— 

DRE: Throndir kinda grumbles in the back and goes: 

Throndir: Well, he’s not wrong about that one.

ART: Wait, if it’s not the owl bears it’s the?

AUSTIN: He mumbles off into the distance as Throndir interrupts him. He walks over to his little kettle and adds some more water to it from a— he probably has some sort of system he has snow that melts into the kettle, as he pulls it over the fire to melt it into fresh snow-water. 

ART: That’s very clever. 

AUSTIN: They’re very clever. 

NICK: Fantasmo’s just looking at everything like this is a new situation for him so, he’s— he’s never been in a goblin house before, so!

AUSTIN: The house is small. His stature’s like three and a half feet, let’s say? Maybe four feet. Four feet. And, everything’s sorta to that scale? It’s a little taller, you guys can stand here, but your heads are near the ceiling, especially Hadrian who is the tallest, I guess.

DRE: So, it’s like a hobbit hole almost.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it even reminds you—the people who are in that dwarf house on the island— it reminds you a bit of that? But a little less cramped. Partially because, you know, it wasn’t built into a rock, you know? It’s easier to cut longer, more wood, than it is to chisel out the side of a thing deeper. So,

ART: I wanna know so much about— I wanna know how long he’s been here.

AUSTIN: There are some cabinets, a handful of books— not like a library. Again, a number of what looks like religious artifacts are in one of the cabinets, some totems, little carved things— 

ART: What religion?

AUSTIN: You recognize them as pagan religions, you know? Faces carved into wood and polished. You know— 

ART: Primitive nonsense, got it.

AUSTIN: Yup. Primitive nonsense. Maybe— listen. Maybe you can convert him one day and you could incorporate his “primitive nonsense” you think, but right now it’s still that first thing. What were you gonna say, Throndir?

DRE: Can Throndir do a “spout lore”? Maybe he recognizes some of the religious things.

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead. That’s a good call.

NICK: Fantasmo, as he’s looking around, he just sorta mutters under his breath:

FANTASMO: What a charming little abode!

NICK: Then, he makes his way over to the books.

DRE: I got a nine.

AUSTIN: You recognize one of the— so, he has a number of little figurines that are carved into really smooth mahogany wood in one of the cabinets. And, you recognize one of them— We really didn’t talk about what the snow elves worship. So, really quickly, do you have an idea in your head?

DRE: I feel like they worship the old gods, but I had this idea in my head that they don’t name them. Because names have power and if you say the wrong name, bad things could happen.

AUSTIN: Man, you are good at this. This is all the best…. for reasons.

DRE: Unless you’re a religious scholar. Unless you’re like “the Hadrian” of the people, you don’t get the learn the names, because if you say the wrong one, bad things happen.

AUSTIN: Yup! This is all— yeah. One of the figures that you see, is similar in terms of— it has a face— but, if you remove the idea that it was face, that it’s eyes and a nose, and a mouth, and just looked at it as geometry, and connected them together, you would see that it would be the runic symbol of safety, of your people. Do you know what I mean?

DRE: Yeah. Throndir kinda like, picks it up and looks at it—

AUSTIN: He reaches out— 

GOBLIN: Put that down! 

Throndir: Where’d— Where did you get this? 

GOBLIN: Put that down, now. It’s not a toy.

Throndir: But, I recognize this— No, I know what it is! My people have this! Where did you get this?

GOBLIN: Your people....

AUSTIN: He stumbles over to a pot and stirs it. There’s a little bit of stew in the pot that he’s warming up. 

GOBLIN: Your people… Your people took that from me. 

Throndir: What do you mean?

GOBLIN: You one of the snow ones? Hmm?

Throndir: ...Yeah.

GOBLIN: Hmm.. hm... So, are you bringing these ones back to, uh, torture them? Hmm?

Throndir: No, I left. I left a year ago. I didn’t want to come back, but I have to.

AUSTIN: He laughs to himself a little. To be clear, he did just suggest that Throndir was leading you back home to be tortured. 

ART: I heard that, yeah! That did not go over my head.

NICK: Yeah. At that, Fantasmo snaps the book shut, and is suddenly attentive.

ART: Yeah, we should pay attention to this. This seems important.

AUSTIN: The howling gets louder from outside, and he gestures to the door, like as if you would know what that means? If you look over, you can see there is like— It’s set up to be barred. If someone wants to go do that, if you understand his meaning.

ART: Yeah, sure. 

GOBLIN: The Nameless are coming. Another long night.

Throndir: What do you… “The Nameless”? Who are The Nameless?

DRE: Should I “spout lore” on that?

AUSTIN: I think… I think that Fantasmo should “spout lore” on that. He’s the one that would have the information.

NICK: Hmm, okay. 

AUSTIN: Given some previous rolls. 

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Specifically. There’s a chance, anyway.

NICK: I’m gonna use my books again, too.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Please, please.

NICK: Aw, god dammit.

AUSTIN: Oof. hoh..

NICK: I mean that’s a six with my book, but that doesn’t matter.

AUSTIN: It does not matter.

DRE: Could I aid? Could I peer over his shoulder— 

AUSTIN: You could totally aid! Yeah, you could totally aid with a combination of your local knowledge and his book smarts? Give me a “bond” roll.

ART: I like that Austin didn’t say “street smarts”
 
AUSTIN: I didn’t. I didn’t say “street smarts”

DRE: Wood smarts. I got them wood smarts.

AUSTIN: I got them wood smarts!

DRE: Seven.

AUSTIN: Okay, so you are now open to “danger, retribution, or cost.” Hmm… 

ART: Stop helping him!

AUSTIN: Right, no, there is definitely… Sorry, I have to keep pop up your stuff so I can see what you have here. Okay, here’s what it is. It’s a thing you work out over the course of a long meal.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And, you have to use your feast to get the strength— to dig through these books over the course of a long night. Throughout the night, you hear the hooping and hollering, and at one point you hear the braying of animals outside. As this is happening, you realize what these are. Fantasmo, you know that “Nameless Ones” or “The Nameless” or “Those Without Name” or things like that, it’s a term used by some magical theorists, but also it’s a very local term— this is a thing that Throndir’s able to tell you, or help you figure out— that’s used to represent people who’ve lost their identity. They once had names, but they were plucked from them, along with their sensibilities, along with their reason, and their sociability. They’ve been forcibly reverted to this other thing. You hear braying from outside, the man doesn’t seem to make any moves. 

ART: Oh, I— This is really inconsequential— but like, while they’ve been pow-wowing over what this thing is, I wanna think I’ve been trying to engage this dude in small talk?

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

ART: Like, “Hey, how long you’ve been here?”, “What’s it like here?”, “Nice house here.”

AUSTIN: You get a picture of this. He’s been here for a very, very, very long time. 

ART: Alright.

AUSTIN: He doesn’t—. Over the course of this talk— 

ART: You want me to make some kind of— 

AUSTIN: No, no… Yeah, actually, give me a— No. I think if you’re having this talk with him over the course of a long time, I think he would share information. I think that’s true. I think as everyone is here, that’s a thing that would come up.

NICK: That’s uh… yeah.

AUSTIN: Give me a—

ART: It’s not quite “parley”, right?

AUSTIN: It’s not… It’s almost, “discern realities” with charisma?

ART: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Do that. That seems like an interesting thing here.

ART: I did very badly.

AUSTIN: fuck, dude.

ART: Like, about as badly as I could do. As a person with a +2 charisma modifier, rolling two dice.

NICK: At some point, you remember a vaguely— What you think is like, charming— but is actually a straight up racist goblin joke, and you tell it to him thinking that you’re gonna break the ice or something.

ART: Yeah, that’ll do it!

AUSTIN: This is the thing, it’s silly we made this roll at all. Because one of the rules of Dungeon World is that you play to find out what happens. You don’t want to roll the dice if it means you don’t get the thing you want or need. Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You roll the dice to see if anything interesting happens. What’s interesting is if he gets to tell you something. It’s not interesting if you fuck it up and call him a “gob-o” and then he doesn’t talk to you. Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Obviously, there’d be costs and stuff at times, but that’s just not the game this is.

NICK: I mean, maybe he fucks it up but this goblin seems like he’s… I mean he’s been around. So...

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Or, he’s exhausted with it but he’s— 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I just don’t— This shouldn't have been a roll to begin with. It’s just more interesting if Art’s narration leads to this guy explaining something, which is:

GOBLIN: I ain’t seen a snow elf in, uh, long time, long time. used to live with ‘em.

AUSTIN: He’s talking to you about this, Hadrian, as you both sip some of his herbal tea. This is also before the braying of the animals outside. 

GOBLIN: Used to live with ‘em… Taught them a lot… Ah… Big fight… long fight… I don't—

AUSTIN: He looks confused for a second.

GOBLIN: I don’t remember… Big fight, but we left, and…. They were not so good, they did bad things. They did very bad things… This one seems okay, he seems alright.

HADRIAN: I agree.

DRE: Do I hear any of this?

AUSTIN: He’s very quiet. You’d have to be listening in, do you know what I mean? This is like, you guys are in the corner pouring over books and trying to put together what the fuck “The Nameless” are. 

ART: Which is oddly rude in its own right. Like, he says something and you’re like “We’re gonna go read for several hours, and we’ll be back.”

AUSTIN: But it’s a very— Yeah…

GOBLIN: Kindrali remembered...

AUSTIN: He says.

HADRIAN: Who?

GOBLIN: Kindrali, he who remembers the day? Kindrali remembers.

ART: Hmm…

GOBLIN: Well.

AUSTIN: He sighs.

ART: Is that a person or a deity?

AUSTIN: Good question. Do you ask him that, or? 

ART: Yeah.

HADRIAN: Is that a person?

GOBLIN: Yes.

AUSTIN: Do you also ask if it’s a deity?

ART: Yeah.

GOBLIN: Yes.

HADRIAN: Excuse me, sir. I have the market cornered on people who are also deities right now, and please stay in your lane.

GOBLIN: We left and started building again. We knew… we knew it would not be good. We needed to start building again. We needed more. 

HADRIAN: Okay… You know these orcs? Lem would love to meet you.

GOBLIN: They... 

AUSTIN: He kind of gestures with hand to outside. 

GOBLIN: They were with Kindrali. We were building… and… then they stopped building, and just took. 

HADRIAN: Oh…

AUSTIN: The braying starts, you find out what “The Nameless” are, he sighs. The cattle are heard further and further away— A sharp yelp, he doesn’t do anything. He lets them go.

ART: Yikes…

GOBLIN: Kindrali,

AUSTIN: He speaks louder now. I think at this point everyone has gathered together. 

GOBLIN: Kindrali, he lives in a cave, big cave… They came for him… The Word Eaters… They took his words, they took his name. Sleep?

HADRIAN: Yeah, yeah... I think we’ve all had a long day.... You know, not me but—

AUSTIN: Right! You’re just awake all night.

NICK: You have had a long day,

ART: Right.

NICK: for like four days in a row now.

AUSTIN: You’re allowed to sleep, you just don’t need to.

ART: Right. It’s probably polite to sleep. Not like— “Nah, I’m just gonna sit here for eight hours while you all sleep.”

AUSTIN: Nick, give me one more “spout lore” 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: —on hearing “Word Eaters”

NICK: I’ll use my books on that also— 

AUSTIN: Use the book, use one more book and that’ll make it a ten.

NICK: —run out of books… 

AUSTIN: Mhmm.

ART: Always more books.

AUSTIN: Always go buy more books. You know that feeling when there is a word on the tip of your tongue, Nick? And then, it slips away and you’re struggling to get it? In that moment, the word that you’re looking for is actually on someone else’s tongue. It's on the tongue of a Word Eater. And, you realize now that maybe these woods are thick with Word Eaters. It’s a hyperbolic term, it’s not like they don’t eat words, mostly. They mostly dig into someone’s mind and lap away at a word. It’s why you don’t actually lose a word, you just kinda “Aah! What is it?” and at that moment there, they’re licking it. The majority of them are lazy, it’s hard— 

NICK: Are they tapping into— Are they actually eating… They’re eating the power of the word the same way spells are forgotten?

AUSTIN: No, it’s not like that. It’s like losing your keys.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Now and then, a person has a thought so strong. They think so desperately, and gutterally, that a word can slip loose and be carried away. Hadrian, you’re saying your goodnight prayers. 

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Say them for me?

ART: Uh, shit. I don’t know them.

AUSTIN: Just say them.

ART: Uh… y’know… I don’t know any good… I’m a horrible secular human. Uh…

HADRIAN: Thank you. Thank you, Lord Samothes for— 

AUSTIN: Nope! You say “Thank you, Lord” and you’ve lost his name.

ART: Oh no!

AUSTIN: We’re gonna call it there. We’ll see what happens next week.

NICK: Cool!

DRE: Yeah!

AUSTIN: XP and stuff? End of session?

DRE: Yeah.

ART: Sure is.

AUSTIN: “When you reach the end of a session, choose one bond— one of your bonds you feel has resolved, completely explored, no longer relevant, or otherwise. Ask the player of the character you have the bond with if they agree. If they do, mark XP and write a new bond with whomever you wish”

NICK: This is weird, since we split the group up.

AUSTIN: It is, it is. I like that because it means when the groups switch up again, there will be these lingering bonds. You know?

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Like when you see Hella again and her sword is a little different— ‘cause it is— that will be a big deal, y’know?

DRE: Do we get XP from killing the owl bear— 

AUSTIN: We’ll get to that after we’ve done these questions. They go in order. So, first up, “bonds”.

NICK: I don’t think I have any bonds.

AUSTIN: Okay. Are there any you think are no longer relevant? Again, it’s tough because I like the idea that they’d still be there? But like, is Fero still your little bird? 

NICK: I mean, yeah. I guess not. Because I haven’t seen him for a while now. 

AUSTIN: Mhmm. If you did, would he be your little bird? ‘Cause if so, I think keep it. Y’know?

NICK: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: If you still wanna know— If you still think Lem King is an open book— 

NICK: Definitely think that. 

AUSTIN: Keep it.

NICK: And I definitely still want to— 

AUSTIN: If you still want to figure out what Hella’s— 

NICK: Yeah. And I definitely still want to teach Hadrian that his shit is backwards, and that science and magic are true way.

ART: Science and magic!

NICK: Well, It’s the same thing. In this world, magic is just part of like, getting to know how the world works.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Right. It’s only funny because we live in a world where we don’t have magic.

NICK: Yeah.

DRE: Or do we?

NICK: I guess Fero, I guess I lost any sort of connection, there.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, go ahead and— 

NICK: But I don’t feel like it’s resolved like— 

AUSTIN: Well, this is the thing, we’ve been saying “resolved” every time, but as written is “completely explored, no longer relevant, or otherwise” There’s a lot of flexibility here. That’s the thing, if you see him again, and think you should treat him like your little bird, then keep it. But if you think this distance has changed the relationship—and it might— then lose it. I think that’s interesting, y’know?

NICK: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: But, keeping it is totally viable. Like, this isn’t an XP— 

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: There will be plenty of room to get XP— 

NICK: No, I really don’t think it’s applicable anymore, but also at the same time I don't, you know. It’s weird to get XP for that, I guess.

AUSTIN: Yeah, well. Think of it as you’re freeing up a position for a new relationship in your life. Experience is a broad thing, y’know? It’s not spending that time once a week calling that friend anymore, and instead hanging out with a new friend.

NICK: Sure. 

AUSTIN: And that’s weird, but it’s experience.

NICK: Yeah, that’s true. Alright.

AUSTIN: And then you can write a new one if you want for anyone. It might make sense for Throndir, since you’re adventuring together.

NICK: Yes, I’ll definitely— 

AUSTIN: Same goes for everyone else. How are— 

NICK: —want a bond for Throndir.

DRE: I feel like the bond I written for Fantasmo was, “He’s an elf, but he’s one of the strangest people I’ve met. I have to learn more about him.” I feel like that might have changed because of that moment where Fantasmo was talking about how everything can be explained, and Throndir may now see him as someone who can help him figure out who he really is.

AUSTIN: Right, right. Go ahead and write something around that and take one. Hadrian?

ART: This is happened to me two games in a row now, but I can’t find where I’ve written my bonds.

AUSTIN: You’re kiddin’ me. I have those somewhere.

ART: I don’t know where these are, but now we have this sheet where I could put it. Like it’s on some file somewhere, and searching my computer isn't working… It’s supposed to work.

AUSTIN: Yup.

ART: Fuckin’ Apple.

AUSTIN: As it’s written for me, it’s “Lem’s misguided behavior endangers his very soul, Hella is at a spiritual crossroads and only I can see her through, Fantasmo’s foolhardy nature endangers the world”

ART: I mean, I still think that, but I don’t know if we explored it. I think I’m willing to let Lem go, because thinking about it, he’s the person in that group who I think I’m most— Y’know I’m realizing I don’t have any friends here, really. Yeah, like friend friends— and if it’s gonna be one of those three it’s gonna be him. So, I’m gonna pull back on being a judgmental bitch about that.

AUSTIN: Especially with regard to the fact that you had that experience with him. 

ART: Right, yeah. There’s some souls in danger, but it’s not because of his beliefs. It might be because of my beliefs. I would never put it like that.

AUSTIN: Let’s not use the “B” word. Let’s just say “a judgmental Ron.” I’m gonna mark down the time so Keith knows to bleep that out.

ART: Oh, sorry.

AUSTIN: No, it’s fine.

ART: He could bleep both of those out— 

AUSTIN: That is ideal, that is now the funnier bit.

ART: Yeah. Oh god, I hope he’s not listening to this. Oh, he wouldn’t have listened to this many, we’ve been so mean to him.

AUSTIN: No, we’ve been so mean. I mean, I haven’t heard anything. Anyway— 

ART: Aw… we’re the worst. So, I think I wanna take one with, uh, Thor-ren-deer? Am I doing that right?

AUSTIN: Yeah. To be clear to people listening “Thor-ren-deer” is spelled T-H-R-O-N-D-I-R. 

DRE: Mhmm.

ART: So it’s definitely “Thron-deer” right?

DRE: Nah, my people say— 

AUSTIN: You just call him “Ron” also.

ART: Oh no…

DRE: Don’t!

ART: Oh… That’s funny… We don’t have to bleep that one out— 

AUSTIN: But now we do!

ART: Except now we do because I just gave it away. Or Keith can just cut that out.

AUSTIN: Yeah, Keith is great. Oh I just clipped my audio so bad from that laugh, it was a real good laugh. Okay, so, what’s next. What are you doing for “bond”?

ART: I should write one for Throndir, and… I’m trying to think about this experience— what I want from him— 

AUSTIN: Let’s think about that. Write down what you have right now on your sheet here, so you have it, and then we’ll figure it out. Let’s move on, though. Did we learn something new or important about the world?

NICK: Wait, hang on. I wrote a new bond. It’s pretty simple, “There’s much to learn about Throndir’s past and people”

AUSTIN: Yeah, sounds good. Did we learn something new or important about the world?

DRE: I mean, for Throndir he learned that goblins aren’t— Like his whole conception of a race of people has been completely changed.

AUSTIN: This is a group decision, so I think if that flies for you— 

NICK: I think we all learned that here. 

AUSTIN: Mhmm, yeah. Did you overcome a notable monster or enemy? 

NICK: Yeah.

ART: “Notable” is one of those words. 

AUSTIN: I think so! I’ll give you the one.

ART: That’s just gonna be like— we’re gonna think back one day and think “Ah, yeah. It’s just some owlbear”

AUSTIN: Well, you fought a separate thing.

ART: Oh, right that whatever— 

DRE: Fucker, crazy ice-wrath-monster thing. I shoved a torch in its face.

AUSTIN: You might know what that thing is now. Did you loot any memorable treasure? No. You should’ve gotten treasure from both of those things, though. Now that I think about, when you beat a thing, it pops out loot because, that’s how games works.

DRE: kids’ games.

AUSTIN: ‘Cause games. I’m gonna figure out what you guys got here, give me a second. I think some probably some sort of rations from that owlbear, if you want them, right?

DRE: Yeah, we cut up it’s meat or something.

ART: Ew!

AUSTIN: Or maybe— 

DRE: Listen man, waste not, want not!

ART: Yeah, I’m just saying some of us have gods that protect them from eating owlbear meat. 

AUSTIN: And some of us are vegetarian.

DRE: Just gotta cook it low and slow.

AUSTIN: Oh boy.

ART: —some good owlbear brisket?

AUSTIN: Aw, I could eat some brisket.

DRE: Yeah, snow elves are really good at barbeque. 

AUSTIN: Are they? Is that a thing they’re good at?

DRE: Sure, why not? Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

DRE: I mean, we gotta keep fires burning all the time because it’s so cold, right?

ART: Yeah, might as well cook on ‘em.

AUSTIN: But, owlbears? Is that the thing you were gonna say earlier? When like, you notice— 

ART: It’s an owlbear!! it’s delicious! 

DRE: It’s an owlbear I haven't had one of these in years! Aw!!

ART: It’s an owlbear! Be sure to rub it before you— put a good spice rub on it before cooking!

AUSTIN: Oh no…

DRE: Make sure you get some salt water in that wound you just opened because you have to brine it properly!

AUSTIN: Great, great. Not good. Bad.

DRE: Welcome to Friends at the Food Cast.

AUSTIN: Oh boy, we’ve talked about bread before, I mean. I’ll think up some stuff to give you guys over the break. ‘Cause like, that’s my least favorite thing, maybe, about this game, is that like, “Oh yeah, you killed those owlbears and now look at this chart and say what they got for it” ‘Cause like no… it’s just an owlbear. Like.. that’s what got. A dead owlbear corpse. Congratulations.

ART: I mean, there could be stuff caught— He could’ve eaten some shit or— 

AUSTIN: That’s where we’re gonna go with it. Anyway, are we all— 

ART: —could’ve eaten a bunch of gold

AUSTIN: It was delicious! Yeah, so, is that it? Are we good on leveling? Did anyone level?

NICK: No.

DRE: So, how many points did we get from the monster hunt.

AUSTIN: One. You get one for defeating a monster, not per monster. One for defeating a notable monster or enemy.

ART: And then one for learning something about the world?

AUSTIN: Yeah, one for learning something about the world.

DRE: And then, I got one for my bond— 

ART: I got one for my fail at that roll. I’m up to five.

DRE: And then I failed, I failed three rolls. So I didn’t level but I’m close.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Are we ready to sign off?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Thank you for joining us on Friends at the Table. As always, I’m your GM, Austin Walker. You can find me @austin_walker on Twitter, the thecalcutec on Twitch, clockworkworlds.com. Joining me today was, for the first time Andrew Lee Swan:

DRE: Hey! Yeah, you can find me on Twitter @andrewleeswan and of course on Stream Friends.

AUSTIN: Nick Son-der— Son-der-ga? I’m gonna—

NICK: Nick Scratch.

AUSTIN: I’m gonna. Son-ger-ath?

NICK: Sure. Whatever.

AUSTIN: Nick Scratch, yup.

NICK: You can find me on Twitch, Twitter, YouTube slash drevilbones. And also on Stream Friends.... dot TV.

AUSTIN: And, Art Tebbel:

ART: Hey, you can find me on Twitter @atebbel, you can read movie reviews most weeks on comicmix.com— we’re getting to the fall season here, it’s thinning up a little bit. And, yeah, also on Stream Friends and stuff.

AUSTIN: That’s at streamfriends.tv for the archives, twitch.tv/streamfriends to watch us live. You can also, please, subscribe to us on iTunes, give us a review, keep us up in this “New and Noteworthy” category, or maybe even— Maybe we can get into the “What’s Hot” category. That’d be the life. 

ART: We’re gonna need facecams for that.

AUSTIN: Because of how hot we are?

DRE: Yeah!

AUSTIN: We’re pretty hot.

NICK: I mean, we’ll have facecams, but it’ll still be an audio podcast, so.

AUSTIN: Thanks for joining us everyone— 

ART: That’ll be for our platinum backers.

AUSTIN: Aw, great. Thanks for joining us. Everyone have a good week. Three, two, one, clap! Oh, that was way worse!

DRE: Yup!

AUSTIN: That’s fine. Keith’s a genius.

ART: Love you Keith!

DRE: Keith is a genius.

[AUTUMN09]

GREGALOS: Do any of you know the way to Rosemerrow? 

AUSTIN: He says. 

GREGALOS: There's— There's something I'm interested in.

FERO: Calhoun, boat party! Whoo!

CALHOUN: Boat party! 

FERO: Boat party!

AUSTIN: Does a little spin of his finger, and you realize quickly that like the way he says, "Boat party," communicates more than you thought. Like this time when he says that some people swing into action. You could try to straighten it out and regain control, but that will put you right into line of Brandish's boat.

ALI: Have I killed this guy, I should know that, right? 

AUSTIN: Yeah. I don't know. Have you?

ALI: Sh-sure. I think that he's dead. 

AUSTIN: Okay. You think that he's dead. Sure. 

KEITH: He's dead. He's an undead pirate. 

ALI: Sh— 

AUSTIN: I think I like about this game is when I wrote these notes, he was a living pirate king, but now he's definitely an undead pirate king.

ALI: Thanks, Keith.

KEITH: Yeah. Yup.

AUSTIN: At this point— At this point, I think Calhoun puts the call out. Do you know what I mean? He goes— He like, slams his fist into his hand. He goes, 

CALHOUN: Boat party!

AUSTIN: And everyone knows — 

FERO: Yeahhh, what's up?

AUSTIN: — what that means. At the helm is a man in a long brownish red jacket with blood stained, khaki pants. His neck bears the scars of a failed decapitation. It is open a bit and you can hear him singing through the wound.

AUSTIN: Uhh, Lem. What are you doing now that the ships have been locked up?

JACK: Um, hmm. Um, let me just check my character sheet. I kind of feel like I should probably join the fray. Um… 

AUSTIN: That seems— That seems fair. 

JACK: Uh, I'm not on board the other ship, right?

AUSTIN: Not yet. 

JACK: Um, so I'm just gonna sort of… sort of try and board, uh, board via one of the board things. I'm not going to try and do any fancy swinging or anything cause uh, I'm not a pirate.

AUSTIN: You— No.

JACK: I'm just gonna… I don't really know how engagements like this begin. I think I'm probably just gonna pick a skeleton with its back to me and th— and and go ham. Um.

AUSTIN: Go ahead. What are you, how are you, like… I guess it's, that's kind of tough because… I guess I kind of like this actually. I do like the image of like you're last, across the boarding and everyone else's kind of engaged in little melees here and there. 

JACK: Yeah, just sort of opportunistic.

AUSTIN: And you're like, "Ah, ah ah, augh." So yeah, go ahead and make your— Go ahead and make your— 

JACK: This is Hack and Slash, I think.

AUSTIN: Yup, yup. It definitely is. 

JACK: So that's just 2d6 +Strength?

AUSTIN: Mh-hmm. 

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Please be a good roll. Please be a— Oh yes!

KEITH: Nice. 

AUSTIN: That's an outstanding— outstanding 11 you rolled. 

JACK: I rolled an 11. Um… 

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

JACK: Uh, so I also— I also have…

KEITH: Welcome to the 11s club.

JACK: So I've got a kind of— My weapon— We talked about it as classed as a machete but I don't think it's— it's sort of just like a long wide sword. Um…

AUSTIN: Okay. I— 

JACK: Wider at its top than its base.

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah, I have that in my mind, I think. Um, I—

JACK: Um, so it's not like a little short weapon.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I know what you mean. Um, one of the things that I added, I don't know if you caught this was, you know, the Bard traditionally starts with a— like a dueling um, rapier which is a +1 damage and uh, Precise or something like that. 

JACK: Mmm.

AUSTIN: Um, and instead of Precise, I didn't think that that— We decided last week that that didn't really make much sense. But I— I decided Messy makes a lot of sense for that weapon. Um, Messy doesn't really do anything extra for damage or like armor penetration or anything, or like uses Dex the way Precise did, but what it does do, is when you describe your attack like, and it hits, it's a messy hit. It means that like, oh you can dislodge limbs. You can sever hands, you know, like? Your hits…

JACK: Okay, so it's mechanical bonus is that it's Messy.

AUSTIN: Right, is that it's a messy hit. And like, that's mechanical. You know, fiction and the mechanics here blend really well.

JACK: Okay, so I'm gonna…

AUSTIN: So go ahead and do your— do your damage.

JACK: Uh… Uh, I don't have any bonus for my machete, right?

AUSTIN: No, it's just your—

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: Just your straight damage roll.

JACK: 1.

KEITH: Yeesh.

JACK: I'm back.

KEITH: Been there buddy. Welcome to the 1s club.

JACK: I—

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: I don't mark XP for this, right?

AUSTIN: No,

KEITH: No, no, no.

AUSTIN: you don't mark XP for a low damage rolls. You just have done low damage, sadly.

JACK: Okay. Also uh, um, I've got Duelist's Parry here. When I Hack and Slash, I take 1 Armor forward.

AUSTIN: Ooh, that's useful.

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: Make note of that, for yourself.

JACK: So I've just boosted my Armor to 2 here, temporarily. So um, he— Oh, I guess you narrate what happens also might how—

AUSTIN: Uh, no, I'm actually curious, because of that— because of that parry. Like what's that— what's that look like it terms of your fighting style? Because of what it's saying to me is like the way you fight is kind of defensive… thing, right?

JACK: Yeah, I…

AUSTIN: Like when you get into a melee, so what's that look like for you? How does Lem fight?

JACK: Um, I'm trying to think. Um… It's— It's— It's quite scuttley but it's a sort of— it's a sort of panicked maneuver rather than a calculated one. 

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: Um, I'm kinda thinking about in Bioshock 1, when you meet Leadhead Splicers. Not Leadhead Splicers, I'm sorry. Your standard Splicers. They do this move where they drag their weapon along the floor as they're running towards you. 

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

JACK: And this is kind of a little like that except rather designed to be menacing, it's just sort of out of necessity and panic and movements. So Lem probably ducks underneath attacks and his machete drags along the floor or almost becomes tangled in scenery nearby or something. Um, it's kind of vaguely sloppy. But at the same time it's— it gets the job done, so I guess I get 1 Armor going forwards.

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah, yeah, that sounds right. Uh, well you have— you have ticked off more than anything, Emmanuel, the… I think this guy's probably the— one of the pirates who was manning their— um, their cannons.

JACK: Oh, Emmanuel used to be a pastry chef.

AUSTIN: Well now he's a— now he's a pirate cannoneer um, and…

KEITH: Well hold on, he was a pastry chef but then he's a pirate.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: Yes.

KEITH: It wasn't like he went from pastry chef to un— Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: He's been a pirate from awhile.

AUSTIN: Maybe he was actually— Yeah, maybe he wasn't a— But like, you know, he manned the cannons.

KEITH: Maybe he was the quartermaster.

AUSTIN: Right, he was, yeah. He was the quartermaster. He made them delicious pastries. Uh… and then—

KEITH: And they never fucking appreciated it.

AUSTIN: They hated them. And that like, anger, ah, he was already angry.

KEITH: They just didn't— they just didn't get it, you know?

AUSTIN: Right. They, yeah, they didn't—

KEITH: They didn't— Like, oh my— Nobody was like, "You have to try Emmanuel's pastries. They are to die for."

AUSTIN: And also to be fair, his location was just not good. Like you know no one wants to go to the pirate ship for the best pastries, you just want to go to town, you know, like that's not—

ALI: Right.

KEITH: Mm-hmm.

AUSTIN: So, uh, you slice across his back and— and cut into his flesh. But it's kind of hard to tell if you're doing damage to these things because like they already have wounds.

JACK: And also I rolled 1 damage as well.

AUSTIN: Right, so it's just hard to know. But you do know you have his— he has your attention now. Fero, what's up with you?

KEITH: Um, where— So I'm imagining…

AUSTIN: You're surrounded— I think at this point you're at the front of the…

KEITH: That's exactly where I was picturing myself, definitely at the front.

AUSTIN: Yeah, um… Yeah, let's— Let's toss uh… This is— Let's toss this— Let's give you a real thing. I was gonna give you this sleepy halfling, but let's give you this regular sized halfling, uh, up at the front of this deck.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Uh, ignore the size of this thing. You're smaller than that.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: This isn't to scale, again, but you're up here, for sure.

JACK: Alright, what the hell is going on in this image? 

KEITH: Oh, I thought— When you— 'Cause I was looking at the map. When you said— I was going to give you this sleepy halfling, I thought that you were talking about enemies that you were going to throw at me? I was like, no, I was going to give you the sleepy halfling, but…

AUSTIN: No, you're surrounded by uh, you know, I think four five, maybe six, of— of Brandish's better men. Like this is like his first mate is up there with him, um his— not his quartermaster, what's the— there's a better name for like a— for someone who's like in charge of ordering a bunch of people around on a ship and I don't remember what it is. Like…

KEITH: Uh, uh… first mate?

AUSTIN: No, first mate is definitely up there. I already set that one up.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Whatever. But there's a bunch of his like officers up there.

KEITH: Ooh, second mate.

AUSTIN: Great. The second mate is up there, uh, and they all of swords at the ready. Ready to— to close in on you. They're— They're— So the thing that was weird here is like, when you landed and turned back into your form, they were taken aback for a second. Uh, but were like, ready to capture you, because they outnumbered you so well.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: And then, Hella lead this boarding action and then suddenly you can see it, as they like— they go from like a, "Heheheh," like, "We got you now," to a, almost, not scared but like um… They need to make an action immediately. They need to— They need to go, and they have to kill you, so…

KEITH: Here's what I'm gonna do. Here's what I'm gonna do.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: I'm gonna turn around.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: Jump off of the ship, in midair, turn into the eagle, fly up into a huge, like spread my wings and caw at them.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: That's what I'm gonna do.

AUSTIN: First, that's a Defy Danger, let's say.

KEITH: Is it?

AUSTIN: How are you getting— Yeah, 'cause they've surrounded you, like to—

KEITH: Oh— Oh, I was just thinking— I'm at the very edge of the boat, is what it looks like to me.

AUSTIN: Oh, no 'cause that's like— there's like boat back there, do you know what I mean? There's not like, um— You would have to like climb onto a thing and that would also be Defy Danger, do you know what I— Like, so…

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You can do that. You can back up to the mast, if that's what you're saying. You wanna like dive off the mast of the ship?

KEITH: Well if it's gonna be Defy Danger, then I don't need to be showboaty. Like…

AUSTIN: I mean, the other way to think about that is, if it's gonna be a Defy Danger, you may as well be show boaty.

KEITH: Well is it gonna be a Defy Danger if I just turn into a bird right now, anyway?

AUSTIN: Yes, yeah. Yeah.

KEITH: Okay, well then yeah, sure. I'll jump off the fucking boat then.

AUSTIN: Yeah, okay, so you wanna back up, slowly to the mast and then like…

KEITH: I wanna do like a fucking… like a smirk and then a running dive.

AUSTIN: Okay, so…

KEITH: I wanna smirk at them. They have to see the smirk.

AUSTIN: They— They'll see the smirk.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: They'll see the smirk, Fero. Uh…

JACK: Uh, these third to seventh mates will all see the smirk. 

AUSTIN: Are you— So what's your— Is your plan just to sprint? Is this a Dexterity thing? This is probably a Dex thing if you're just going to turn and sprint um, to do this.

KEITH: Um, if I was climbing over stuff, would it also— Would it be Strength? I thought you said it was climbing— I have to climb over—

AUSTIN: Yeah, you'd be like climbing on top of this, that could be Strength. Um… To like quickly do it, yeah.

KEITH: Yeah. Okay. Oh, it only rolled one thing.

AUSTIN: No.

KEITH: It only rolled 1d6.

AUSTIN: No it didn't.

KEITH: Oh, there is it. Okay. I saw— I saw another roll happen for whatever reason.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Uh, I got— That's a 7.

AUSTIN: That is a 7. Uh, you can— Hm… Yeah, okay. You make it up to the, the mast. Like you give them a little smirk and, most of them— most of them are kinda like, "Huh?" like what— What's up with that?

JACK: He shouldn't be smirking in a combat situation. Also he's an eagle now.

AUSTIN: He should not be. But one of them, probably the first mate, charges at you. Drops his sword, like, he gets this, and goes to tackle you. Um, uh and draws a little dagger.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: And gets one little good hit in, but you're able to make your transition. But he's— he's still going to be on you.

KEITH: Okay. Well I wanna— What I want to do, I want to dive and get out of their view, before they— before I transform, and then…

AUSTIN: Okay, but he's— he's hold— In other words he's like, he's grabbed you. You're with him— He's with you as you dive off this ship.

KEITH: Oh, okay. Sure.

AUSTIN: And you take— you take one quick dagger shot in the side, um. 3 damage.

KEITH: Okay. And I'll do my transformation roll.

AUSTIN: Yup. What are your HPs at? Can you guys mark that in your character sheets on the thing.

ALI: Yeah. 

KEITH: 6. Hold 1.

AUSTIN: Woof.

KEITH: Yeah, it's hold 1, plus quote "something the GM says."

AUSTIN: Is that what it says? Let me see.

KEITH: Yeah, I'll see—

AUSTIN: "On a miss, hold 1 in addition to whatever the GM says." Okay, um, what are you changing into? The eagle again?

KEITH: Yeah, the huge eagle.

AUSTIN: Okay, uh, the…

KEITH: Oh, I'm at— I'm at 13 for health, by the way.

AUSTIN: Okay, um, I'm gonna mark that in your sheet. Can everybody do that, actually? I got yours already, 'cause I had your sheet open, Keith.

JACK: Mark…

ALI: Yeah, I'm…

AUSTIN: Your current HP in your character sheets so I can see that stuff.

JACK: Oh, I did that.

ALI: I did mine, yeah.

JACK: I'm keeping mine up to date.

AUSTIN: Alright, good. Good, good, good. I was just—

KEITH: Ope, my pen just exploded on my fingers.

AUSTIN: That's not good.

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: Also not good is that in the middle of this fight. So you make this big triumphant like, caw. Um, and it startles the men on the boat for sure. They like, "Augh," stumble backwards. But, like, climbing up your back, like Shadow of the Colossus style, is this first mate. The first mate by the way is named… Ginny.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: So, get Ginny in your mind here.

KEITH: Alright, I heard the char— the character name generator click.

AUSTIN: Uh, that one wasn't. That one wasn't, believe it or not.

KEITH: Okay, okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Ginny— I've three here that aren't and then a couple that are. Logan was, uh, Emmanuel was, but Ginny is not. Um… and with her dagger, put it up against your bird throat and she yells,

GINNY: I have your boy!

AUSTIN: What do you do? And this you is more… This you is more towards Hella and— and Lem, than Fero, who if he moves could get hurt really badly. And a reminder, he failed that roll. Just, like, to be clear, I'm not fucking with him, but failing rolls is bad.

JACK: Um… Hella?

ALI: Well, uh…

JACK: I-I'm—

ALI: I'm—

JACK: I'm comparatively good at Parley and— and Speaking Frankly with people. But we need some sort of leverage here, um… 

AUSTIN: They have a lot of leverage on you right now.

JACK: That's the problem. I was wondering if…

KEITH: I do not think that Parley is gonna work here.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: Well, we have to have leverage. Um…

AUSTIN: You do.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Leverage is a lot of different types of things. I mean, maybe you can have something that they want. Maybe you could offer them that.

JACK: Um…

ALI: Is it too late to try to Aid Keith?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: And also, there's no way—

KEITH: Oh yeah, to be fair, if you guys had Aided me, that would've been a 7.

AUSTIN: You can't. You can't— How are you— There's no way you could Aid him to become a—

KEITH: Hey, Jack's got a magic fiddle and we have a Bond.

AUSTIN: Yeah…

ALI: Right, I have a Bond with him too and can like…

AUSTIN: That's close.

KEITH: Um…

AUSTIN: I— There's no way you could make him turn into an eagle better, Hella. I love you but like, I don't—

KEITH: No but I could've— I could've— Oh yeah, that wouldn't have worked.

AUSTIN: That's the thing— That's the thing that you failed, you know. That's the thing that you failed.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, that wouldn't've helped.

AUSTIN: If it had been the— Yeah.

JACK: Um… This—

AUSTIN: Also there's just you weren't near him. Like, there's all sorts of reasons why it's not.

ALI: Right, right. Fair, fair. Um…

JACK: So to me, this almost feels like a brewing hostage situation. They like, should've been— She's could've killed Keith but instead she's choosing to address us.

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes.

JACK: Um, oh sorry, she's gonna kill Fero.

KEITH: Where is…

JACK: Um, so if she's choosing to address us, it sort of seems like we should be moving into a place where we can enter into an, inverted-commas, "negotiations," here a little more, effectively than we are currently. Unfortunately I'm a… Bard, not a Fighter, and I don't know- 

AUSTIN: That's true.

JACK: what I can do to— I feel like I'm the step two here rather than the step one.

AUSTIN: Remember that leverage is not just threats, right? Like, so far in this game we've only played leverage, in Parley, as like, "I'll kill you if you don't do what I want." But like, you could also-

KEITH: Oh shit.

AUSTIN: -offer them a real thing.

KEITH: Like the fucking book, and if you roll good enough, we don't even need to give them the book first that we don't have.

JACK: Right, but we don't have the book.

KEITH: Yeah, exactly, that's what I'm saying.

AUSTIN: But that's not— that's not— You don't need the book to Parley. So okay.

KEITH: You can just say, we're getting this book, it's a dangerous book.

AUSTIN: I'm not saying this is what you should do.

ALI:Yeah.

AUSTIN: There are lots of things that I have in mind that you could do, that you could parley with. While, when you— when you have leverage on a GM character, and manipulate them, roll +CHA, +CHA. Leverage something they need or want. On a hit, they ask you for something and they— they ask you for something and do it, if you make them a promise first. Um…

JACK: Um, this is a promise we can—

AUSTIN: Sorry— Yeah, yeah, that's right.

JACK: This is a promise we can absolutely renege on, right?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but— and then— and then what happens? You know, like that's the…

ALI: But like, we don't know…

KEITH: Yeah, and then they come at us later. We're not worried about that.

AUSTIN: I— You could offer them— There's lots things you could offer them. I'm not saying…

ALI: Yeah, I don't think…

KEITH: We just won't take a boat again, like we shouldn't have, this time guys.

ALI: 'Cause I don't think the boat is…

JACK: I kind of don't want to offer them Calhoun 'cause…

ALI: Well, no…

JACK: 'Cause that's a thing we could do, but I don't know if that's probably…

ALI: Well, I guess we could.

JACK: We could…

KEITH: We could— I don't want to 'cause he's our boat party bro.

ALI: No, no, no, 'cause that's the thing is I'd rather offer him— offer them Calhoun and then go back on it, then offer them the book which probably has no value at all to them. We don't have like the minutes here to be like, "Oh we're gonna get this book. It's probably really cool."

KEITH: They're undead pirates. I'm sure they would love a dangerous book.

ALI: No, no, no. They're not— They've been undead for like a week.

KEITH: They've what?

ALI: They've been undead for like a week.

AUSTIN: Yeah, they're very new undead.

ALI: Yeah, and they also like— They're all—

KEITH: Yeah, but, but, but I'm saying pirates. It's not the undead part, it's the pirates part.

ALI: Mmm.

KEITH: They want to fucking— They've got magicians, they want a book that can do…

AUSTIN: They don't have any— They don't have magicians.

ALI: No, they don't have any magicians.

KEITH: You said they were magicians. You told me that they did.

AUSTIN: No, I said they had musicians.

KEITH: And then I said, "I thought you said magicians," and then you said, "They're both."

AUSTIN: No.

ALI: That didn't happen.

KEITH: Yeah, you absolutely did.

AUSTIN: No I said— What I said was…

KEITH: I'm gonna— Here we go, I'm gonna edit out that part and I'm gonna drop it in here.

AUSTIN: Mmm.

KEITH: Edit point here. Boop.

AUSTIN: The warlike beats, you realize, are not yours to drum. Your drumming becomes uh, quiet in the face of the rhythm of the Kingdom Come which has its own musicians at work. They're probably not, you know, pattern magicians like you are, but theirs is a— is a more simple…

KEITH: Oh, you said magicians, not musicians.

AUSTIN: Both. Both, uh…

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: Those— Theirs is a much more simple magic.

KEITH: Boop.

AUSTIN: Here's what— No, here's what I said. I said that they have a very simple— I said that they have a… I'm trying to remember exactly what they said. I said that, like you, they had musicians on their ship, but theirs was a more simple magic. I wasn't saying that they were casting real magic. Their magic is just they were playing angry music to make their people more angry.

KEITH: I'm— I'm gonna edit in a second time, here.

AUSTIN: They're— Okay. You're gonna and you're gonna see what I said.

KEITH: Boop.

AUSTIN: Theirs is a— is a more simple… 

KEITH: Oh, you said magician, not musicians.

AUSTIN: Both. Both, uh…

KEITH: Boop.

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: They don't have any… Mmm. Jack is the only person in the world who can do magic via— via music.

JACK: Are they— Are they about to hit me with a sword? How much time do I have? Do I have enough time to conceivably roll Discern Realities?

AUSTIN: At this point the— No.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Discern Realities is fairly specific that it's— you're taking, when you closely study a situation or person, like, you would…

JACK: Yeah, I— I don't have…

AUSTIN: I don't— I don't think— Not like if they were now— If active negotiations— If you were at a table, You could do that, you know what I mean?

JACK: Yes.

AUSTIN: Um…

JACK: Fero. You're an eagle right now.

AUSTIN: At this point everyone has kind of stopped.

ALI: Well I—

AUSTIN: He is.

JACK: You have a ring.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but he isn't— He's not wearing it, you know what I—

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: I mean, I've got it in my pocket.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: You have eagle pockets?

KEITH: No, but all of the stuff that I have, stays with me.

AUSTIN: He has like, yeah…

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ALI: But you can't like pull it out as an eagle.

KEITH: No, I can transform back into a thing, though. I don't have—

ALI: Do you want to just do that and fall in the ocean with this person?

AUSTIN: That could work.

KEITH: Yeah, I'll do that. Do that.

JACK: Cool going.

KEITH: I'll fucking go in the ocean for this.

JACK: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.

AUSTIN: Actually— Everyone.

JACK: I might— Can I— I might roll an Aid here, um, which probably…

AUSTIN: To do what? No one's making a roll.

KEITH: I don't need to roll to transform back into a human, I can just do it.

JACK: Oh. Oh cool. Okay.

AUSTIN: He's just gonna— He's a human.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um…

ALI: I mean, 'cause it's either— Okay, yeah, that's fine.

AUSTIN: Okay so, for a brief moment, everyone has stopped to see this happen. Like, "Huh, okay." Like the whole combat, everything stops and like looks up and then Fero turns back into a halfling man, and falls with Ginny back into the— into the sea. The waves lapping up against the boat.

KEITH: Mm-hmm.

AUSTIN: Um… And they're gone for— And then like, "Oh, okay." Everyone starts fighting again. Hella, what's up?

ALI: I mean, I'm— Am I still surrounded or…

AUSTIN: You— There are still other pirates. Yeah, in fact, how 'bout for a brief moment—

KEITH: Great idea Ali, by the way.

AUSTIN: That was a great idea. You have a brief moment now where um, you can— you can probably just like hit a couple of them.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like, they're distracted in this moment, so go ahead and— and attack. I'll even say like, you get one free damage roll because of all this nonsense. Like you're gonna be the first— you're the Fighter. You're the first one to take this hit. Like, to get to start the melee back up. So go ahead and just roll damage. And then you get to also roll a second Hack and Slash.

ALI: Oh, I'm just— I'm rolling damage and then for Hack and Slash, or…

KEITH: Yeah. Free damage roll and then…

AUSTIN: Free damage roll and then we'll do another attack to kinda represent that. You got one free hit in.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: 'Cause everyone was like looking at this weird situation.

KEITH: Mm-hmm. Which that happens— that happens any time that you've surprised someone not ready for combat, right? You just take a free damage roll?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you just take— take the damage.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: You take the damage as, as it's been set up basically.

ALI: I do not do great damage.

JACK: You know, that's not bad.

AUSTIN: That's okay. Uh, you know, that's, you know.

KEITH: Yeah, 3's fine.

ALI: Um…

KEITH: You could've done 70% better.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Right. Um…

ALI: And then I do my…

AUSTIN: Carlene is not— is not pleased. So yeah, go ahead and do your damage or your—

KEITH: Nice.

AUSTIN: That's a good hit.

KEITH: That is a good hit.

AUSTIN: And then do damage on that.

JACK: Oh dang.

ALI: Oh my god.

KEITH: That's a bad one. That's a bad hit.

AUSTIN: Well this is— So one of the things that's happening here is like each attack roll isn't a specific single swing of the sword.

JACK: Yeah.

KEITH: No, this is…

AUSTIN: This is like— So you slam your blade into Carlene and really thought like that was a good hit. But then like as you wriggle it around, it's all bones in there. So it's like, you hit something but ehh, but then you pull back and then like doing like a sword fight across this— this deck of this ship. And she's parrying a lot of your blows but you're getting in a good hit now and then. Uh, Lem…

JACK: I kind of…

AUSTIN: Meanwhile, faced off with this pastry chef.

JACK: Yeah. Um… I'm kind of— If we want to take this boat, is our strategy just going to be kill everybody in it? Is that all we can do? Is there any chance we can— There's no way we can get the boat without killing everybody on it, right?

AUSTIN: I don't know, it's up to you.

JACK: I was asking everyone. Well, I was asking Hella I guess.

KEITH: Yeah, they'd probably surrender. At some point— At some point there's not going to be enough of them to fight back and they'd surrender right then.

JACK: Alright, well…

ALI: I mean, so if we're doing that, you're going to be the one who gonna be able to convince them. Like Hella is on this ship and she's like, "I'll kill as many people as I can but if you want to talk to some folks, it's fine.

JACK: Yeah, I'm trying to work out like what…

AUSTIN: There are— What I will say at this point— Right.

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: There are still a lot of folks at this point is what I'll say, like…

JACK: Yeah, I think we should probably thin them out some.

KEITH: How are Calhoun's men doing?

AUSTIN: Eh. They're about evenly matched.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Um, you know, half of these people are undead and the other ones fell over so… 

KEITH: With the undead pirates, that's pretty good.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: So um…

ALI: Keith, Keith, they're fine. Keith.

KEITH: What?

AUSTIN: They're recently undead.

KEITH: So they're learning.

AUSTIN: Right.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: They're still learning how to be undead?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: So I think I'm still—

AUSTIN: There's definitely a couple of times when it's like, "Oh no!" Like, "I'm dead— Oh, no, I'm okay. I'm—"

KEITH: "Ah, I just tried to eat soup! What was I thinking?"

AUSTIN: Or like, I'm just saying like when they take damage now, they are getting hit in ways that would normally be like, disastrous and now they're, "Oh. No this is— I'm alright. Like this is okay."

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: "I forgot that I'm a skeleton now."

JACK: So they're fully like sentient, right? They're not like…

AUSTIN: Yeah, they're not lost to their undead status yet.

KEITH: Yeah, they're still Logan and Emmanuel and Ginny.

JACK: Okay, so I still have—

ALI: So Emmanuel still loves pastries?

AUSTIN: And Carlene.

JACK: Oh, he loves pastries.

ALI: Aww.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Anybody got any pastries we can use as leverage? I think— 

KEITH: I have a honeybun?

JACK: What?

AUSTIN: Aww.

ALI: You're in the ocean.

KEITH: It's a wet honeybun.

AUSTIN: Ahh.

JACK: I'm gonna roll— I'm gonna roll Strength. I'm fighting Emmanuel still.

AUSTIN: Hack and Slash, okay.

JACK: Okay so um… I rolled a 7.

AUSTIN: A 7, on a 7 you get to do damage and also uh, take…

JACK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Open yourself up to attack. Yeah, so go ahead and do your damage.

JACK: Hmm. Did it— It didn't go through.

AUSTIN: Yeah it did.

JACK: Really?

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

JACK: Oh yes, okay. Just took a second.

AUSTIN: It just takes a second sometimes. Um…

JACK: So uh, I basically just go in at him with a machete. Um… or the orc sword, um…

AUSTIN: Yeah, we need to get a better name for it. We need to get like a good name. We'll look— We'll research swords this week.

KEITH: I— Listen, when we were talking about it before, I Google Image Searched scimitars and that's exactly what Jack was describing.

AUSTIN: No it isn't 'cause it doesn't have a curve.

KEITH: Not all the scimitars that I saw had curves.

AUSTIN: They're all curved.

JACK: I'm gonna google "straight scimitar."

AUSTIN: "Scimitar is a curv— Is a back sword or saber with a curved blade." Like that's the fourth thing in the— they all have curves.

ALI: Anyway, I have a sword blog. We'll figure it out.

AUSTIN: Okay good, I'm glad.

JACK: Um, okay so uh… I deal 4 damage.

AUSTIN: So you slash into Emmanuel, um pretty well and Emmanuel drops for a brief second like down to one knee and I think you probably— you probably hesitate for a brief second. Um, not that you know he likes— Woah. And he's like almost at his last leg but like,

EMMANUEL: Ergh!

AUSTIN: Thrusts up with his blade and catches you fairly strong, uh, across the chest.

JACK: Uh, so um… That's jeez right, so uh…

ALI: Can…

JACK: That comes out as 4…

AUSTIN: Those have curved blades.

ALI: Jack how—

KEITH: It's curved but it's mostly straight.

AUSTIN: Sorry, continue.

ALI: Jack, how bad is a 4 for you right now.

JACK: Um…

ALI: Is this your first hit of the day?

JACK: Well I've got +1 Armor forward. No this is my second but a 4 would take me down to 5 health, I'm— Out of 15, I can probably weather that.

AUSTIN: No, but you took a 6, you didn't take a 4.

JACK: No I took a 6 and then I took 2— 2 armor.

AUSTIN: Oh, right yes.

KEITH: Oh! I just remembered that when I was stabbed I was still a person so that's 3 -2 for my Armor.

AUSTIN: There you go, good.

JACK: So I get—

KEITH: So I'm at 15.

JACK: Hella, I can go down to 5, it's fine.

ALI: Okay, 'cause I can reroll that for you if you need it.

JACK: Uh, no it's cool. Save it.

AUSTIN: I'm glad you remembered that this time.

ALI: Shh, Austin.

JACK: Um, and now I lose my extra armor thing, it's gone now. That's the parry that's gone.

AUSTIN: What the— Oh, right, right, right, that's where you got that parry from. Right, yes, yes. 'Cause it was 1 Forward.

JACK: Yup.

AUSTIN: Um, cool. Fero you're in the water at this point.

KEITH: I'm in the water, yeah. Um…

AUSTIN: I think slammed up against this like, the side of this boat. Like, there are things hanging down— Like if you wanted to climb back up you could start to do that but Ginny is also down there with you, dagger in her teeth, swimming towards you.

KEITH: Oh, well here's what I want to do.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

KEITH: Um… I want to transform into a— to an osprey.

AUSTIN: Okay. Go ahead and— and start doing that.

JACK: Keith, why didn't you transform into a gigantic tentacle octopus?

AUSTIN: I— He doesn't have that stuff.

KEITH: I can't do that, I can't do that.

JACK: You can't do octopi.

AUSTIN: He has moun— 

KEITH: 12.

AUSTIN: He has mountain stuff.

ALI: Ohh.

JACK: Ohh.

AUSTIN: Alright.

JACK: Have you not heard of mountain octopuses?

ALI: Yeah. Buddy.

KEITH: Yeah, I mean I've heard of them, I just don't think that they lived on the mountains that I lived on.

JACK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Oh, different mountains.

KEITH: Different mountains.

ALI: That was… too reasonable of a response.

AUSTIN: So you are now an osprey and are— and have taken off into the sky again.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And Ginny has began climbing back onto the ship.

KEITH: Mm-hmm. Um, while she's climbing, I want to be scratching at her with my osprey claws and talons.

AUSTIN: Alright, go ahead and make a— make that attack.

KEITH: I did not do that. I did not.

AUSTIN: You super did not.

KEITH: I super didn't do it at all.

AUSTIN: Um…

KEITH: I probably can't get Aided right, can I maybe from somebody with a—

AUSTIN: Not on the side of this boat.

KEITH: Someone's got a magic—

AUSTIN: No one sees you.

KEITH: Has a magic—

AUSTIN: No one sees you, dude.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: I am in a swordfight.

KEITH: Oh yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, also.

KEITH: Oh, I thought that Jack had stepped back from the sword fight.

AUSTIN: No, he got stabbed.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Is the last thing that happened to Jack is he got stabbed. Um…

KEITH: You can get stabbed when you're not in a sword fight.

AUSTIN: Hm. Speaking of getting stabbed.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh… Uh, Keith, you were— you were— Lem is— Fero is trying to claw at Ginny but she is very good at this. Um, there's a reason why she's the first mate. Like, you can quickly tell that uh, Brandish might be the kind of brains of the operation but the reason that Ginny is his first mate is because of her martial prowess. She is like, there's a point at which you want to claw at her and she like grabs your claw with her undead hand. Like the skeleton of her hand and stabs at your foot with her dagger. And like, goes deep. It hurts, into your kind of like clawed foot and then tosses you back, up into the air.

KEITH: Dang.

AUSTIN: Um, and she keeps climbing. In fact, gets up to the top and flips over, into the— into the deck where she picks her sword back up. Uh, Hella, you're— you're still in combat with Carlene at this point.

ALI: Is she just one of the like skeleton people?

AUSTIN: Yeah, she's just a skeleton person.

ALI: Yeah, I'm— This has taken enough time.

AUSTIN: Yeah, uh-huh.

ALI: Like, I definitely want to move towards Ginny 'cause I— I assume that I remember from last time.

AUSTIN: You do. You probably— You probably thought you dispatched her too, or maybe Calhoun did, and you uh…

JACK: Hella what's your—

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead, what were you going to say?

JACK: What's your um… What's your history with these pirates other than fighting them before?

ALI: Um. You know what, we've probably had run ins.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ALI: That's probably…

JACK: But it's not like they killed family members or anything.

ALI: No. No, no, no. I'm sure like, because what Hella does a lot is travel people from Ordenna to Hieron.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ALI: So like, she knows of them, pretty well.

JACK: Right. Okay.

ALI: Yeah. Like she knows that Ginny is his first mate. And she—

AUSTIN: Um, so yeah. I— How about—

ALI: Well—

AUSTIN: Go ahead, sorry.

ALI: I was just going to say that she might be able to identify like a few other people.

AUSTIN: Um…

JACK: I'm still probably looking to Parley, eventually. But…

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

JACK: We're gonna need some… We're not any— When I say leverage there, I mean, we're gonna need a suitable lull in the combat.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

JACK: So, um, I don't know. I guess I try and communicate to Hella that maybe just either straight kill her or um, take her hostage like she did Keith.

ALI: Okay.

JACK: Oh, did Fero, I'm sorry.

AUSTIN: Calhoun— Calhoun gives Hella a nod and like, when he sees that you're looking over to Ginny, um, and like kind of steps in your place to take on the remaining four skeletons that you had— that you had engaged with. So you can go run to-towards Ginny.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Uh, as you're also moving there, you see uh, a strange thing out of the corner of your eye which is that big black bird of prey that had previously been on—

JACK: Oh god.

ALI: We should've just had a bird fight. Keith, why? 

AUSTIN: On— On Brandish's shoulder.

JACK: There's always time.

AUSTIN: And you see it like cross across— It like flies across the setting sun and as it passes the other side, seems to split into a number of smaller birds.

KEITH: Do you— Wait, hold on—

ALI: Aww.

AUSTIN: All black, all with— with kind of sharp features. And it swings around to the front of the ship where the osprey, Fero, is currently hovering.

JACK: Is this the helicopter?

AUSTIN: Yeah, sorry. I put an osprey down, but I guess it was a V-22 Osprey token, which is some sort of helicopter. Sadly— Sadly Fero is not a gunship and is in fact just the bird, the osprey. Uh, Hella, while that's happening, you kind of get into combat with Ginny. Go ahead and make your Hack and Slash.

ALI: Um… So I got an 8.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ALI: And then… 5 damage.

AUSTIN: Okay, um… You— As you— You get there just as Ginny pops up with her sword and you exchange a few quick blows and uh, unlike Brandish, she does have her whole neck and throat, um but uh… I think it's probably— probably missing some— some well placed skin in places so you can see her, like parts of her jaw sticking through. I want to be clear, this is all very like cartoonish in my head, we're not doing like Shadow of Mordor, like "Grr," like grimdark, you know, blood and guts. Like this is all very like, rad anime in my head 'cause that's who I am. 

JACK: Or like kind of like Coraline or Corpse Bride or something.

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly like that, yeah totally. And she says uh,

GINNY: Thought you'd seen the last of us, huh?

AUSTIN: And you get a good— she gets a good— Uh, you get a good hit in on her um, cutting through kind of her— Unlike the rest of the people, she has on like leather armor, and you make a good cut through it. Deliver a fair slash to her. But she is able to give you a good counter attack back. And you take 7, as her— She has an actual scimitar and cuts down into your— the kind of, meat of your shoulder.

ALI: So that's 5.

AUSTIN: Yeah, if you take your— your—

ALI: Ope, one second.

AUSTIN: So there's a bunch of birds coming for you, Fero. Like a bunch of them.

KEITH: I got a bunch of birds coming for me?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: You got a round number on how many birds are coming for Fero?

AUSTIN: Dozens?

KEITH: Um, do I— So what's— So I'm here at the front of the ship still?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: And then I'm uh— I'm picturing Jack and— Lem and Hella kind of near the center of their ship. Like sort of nearer to the bridges?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Well, I think at this point— as this point Hella's towards the front of the ship.

ALI: Yeah. Where you were before.

AUSTIN: Because… Right, because that's where Ginny was. She kinda sprinted across from the bridges, to the front of the ship, to engage with Ginny before she could do anything else.

KEITH: And how— how far off are these birds?

AUSTIN: Uh, I'm gonna plop some down for you. Um, but they're coming straight for you and are probably twenty feet away, something like that.

KEITH: Twenty feet? Okay. Um… 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Um… I'm going to…

ALI: Are you alright?

AUSTIN: I just put down some birds. I put down a collection of birds. None of which were really what I had in mind.

KEITH: I— Thank you. All of a sudden I feel so fine about this. I drink some tea.

AUSTIN: Uh, for the listeners, I plopped down, uh like— 

JACK: A single square.

AUSTIN: A single square of-

KEITH: Of doves it looks like.

AUSTIN: -nine doves. That's what I got from this token.

JACK: They're chickens. They're chickens.

AUSTIN: Those are not chickens. There is— Okay, there's two chickens in there. There are two chickens in this.

KEITH: There's definitely some doves.

AUSTIN: There.

KEITH: Yeah, that one— There's a lot of chickens actually. These are all chickens.

AUSTIN: Yeah, these are— These are all chickens.

KEITH: These are all chickens.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: I take it back, a lot of them look like doves.

AUSTIN: They do.

KEITH: But no, they're chickens for sure.

JACK: Oh is this image going to be available somewhere, please?

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah, I will— Here's— I'm gonna paste this into our…

JACK: 'Cause no— We will not be able to do this image justice.

AUSTIN: This is a pretty good image. I'm gonna paste this into our Skype chat there. It's from a website uh,

JACK: Oh god.

AUSTIN: that says, "I went to a farm this weekend so I'd figured I'd get some pictures of chickens and turkeys. I wanted to get some overheads of larger animals but climbing a tree to do it would've pushed my wife over the edge. Here's the thumbnail." To be clear, this is from a website for fans of tabletop game mapping so this person just took some pictures of their chickens so that people could print them out and use them as like things on a map. This is the cool world we live in.

ALI: Good job.

KEITH: Yeah, this was—

AUSTIN: Anyway.

KEITH: These were definitely like, magic wand-ed out of some backgrounds in photoshop and put on a white background. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Now if you can imagine—

KEITH: Not even a transparent background, a white background.

AUSTIN: No— Now you have to imagine that they are a flock of evil black birds.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Flying for you. They're all— each of them is smaller than you but there's— But they, as a group, make up a flock that is quite— quite bigger than you.

KEITH: But the way that— the way that Dungeon World works is that if I were to attack them, I'm not going to be Defying Danger per bird. 

AUSTIN: No, no…

KEITH: It would just be like a matched group, like it's not— mechanically it would not be different than one bird.

AUSTIN: Right, I'm treating this as one big thing.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: As a horde of— A single horde.

KEITH: I'm going to spend—

JACK: These chickens are bloody enormous. These chickens are about the size of Calhoun's boat.

KEITH: I'm going to spend uh— I'm going to make sure I have time for this 'cause we've never— We haven't discussed how fast this takes.

AUSTIN: No, we haven't.

KEITH: Uh, using Balance.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think you can go ahead and spend the Balance and then, if you want to Defy Danger to— Are you also attacking? Is that what your plan is here?

KEITH: I was going to attack, yeah.

AUSTIN: I think let's— let's go ahead and let you spend the Balance. What's that look like?

KEITH: I might— You know what? I don't even have time for that. I have to spend the Balance and then turn back into a person on the boat.

AUSTIN: Oh, you're right. Good call.

KEITH: 'Cause I'm not gonna have. I-I— have 2 moves left, that's 3 moves total.

AUSTIN: It is, it is.

KEITH: So I'm gonna spend a Balance and turn back into a…

AUSTIN: You could also— You could also try to attack them and just take damage. You know I mean, instead of doing the Defy Danger. Do you know what I mean? Like, you're a bird, they're a bird. You know, I don't know that you need to Defy Danger to attack them. Like you don't have to Defy Danger every time you close to attack.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Defy Danger and attacking is normally like, they have a ranged weapon and you have a melee weapon, you know?

KEITH: Yeah, I guess part of— part of built into the attack roll is seeing if I get attacked or not.

AUSTIN: Right, exactly, exactly. So just—

KEITH: Right, so I'll spend a Balance, um… heal—

AUSTIN: Are you specifically engaging them over the top of this boat instead of out in the sea?

KEITH: Yes.

AUSTIN: So that when you— Okay.

KEITH: Yeah. So I can roll… When I spend a Balance I can touch an ally or anybody

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's it.

KEITH: or use it on myself to heal for 1d4 per Balance spent.

AUSTIN: Yup.

KEITH: And I gain Balance, every time I make a successful attack roll.

AUSTIN: Yes. So go ahead and roll your heal. Wait, I thought you were doing— So you're only doing one of them?

KEITH: I'm only spending 1, yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, okay. So heal 1, what's that look like or feel like?

KEITH: Um, so, I-I— I imagine that, at any point I make a successful attack roll, any time I connect on a hit, I feel some of that energy that leaves the person.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: And then uh, it kind of— I'm kind of able to carry it with me until I deliberately choose to use a portion of that energy.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: And it kind of like swells up in me and I feel— I feel wounds physically mending.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: So I'm back— I'm at 13 health now.

AUSTIN: So go ahead and— And you just like going to like— How are you going to deal with this big flock of birds?

KEITH: I'm gonna fucking— When they— When they come at me in my human form, I'm gonna— I'm gonna swipe at them with my sword.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: And like kind of use my— I also have a shield so I imagine I'm also like, trying to fend off pecks and scratches with that. Um…

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Yeesh.

AUSTIN: Okay. You do not fend off the pecks and scratches but you do manage to slash through a few of them. Um, go ahead and roll your damage.

KEITH: 5.

AUSTIN: Okay! You take a good chunk out of them. Um, I said there were dozens before. By the time you're done with them, that number has— has dropped significantly. A number of them though, do like manage to— to slash through you quickly.

KEITH: Mm-hmm.

AUSTIN: Their beaks hurt a lot.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And you feel something uh, kind of toxic about them. Like something— When you're hit by them it's not like being hit by a bird. Uh, it's like being hit by um, a cold. You feel a little woozy.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Uh, nothing quite yet, but go ahead and— You're landed back on the ship and back to being a regular old halfling.

KEITH: Yeah. Um and then I— 2 from that 4 because of uh, my armor.

AUSTIN: What's the— Where are you getting 2 Armor from? Is that—

KEITH: I have a Shield and Leather Armor. And each one is 1 Armor.

AUSTIN: Okay. Does your shield carry into your bird form?

KEITH: Um, we haven't talked about this really.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Everything that I— Everything that I'm carrying on my person part becomes that.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: So in my head, I— it does. But so far I have not taken away from it.

AUSTIN: I mean yeah, for now let's— let's roll with it for the rest of this game but let's think about that over the break.

KEITH: Up to this point, I have been taking full damage when I'm an animal.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Let's think about it. I mean, 'cause that's—

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That's— I could see it going either way. Anyway.

KEITH: Yeah, me too. Which is why I haven't really brought it up because I feel like maybe… it's a thing we could talk about before we start enacting it.

AUSTIN: That's true. Uh…

KEITH: But I'll take that— I'll take that -2 to damage, uh…

AUSTIN: For now at least.

KEITH: For now.

AUSTIN: Lem, um, you've been— You and Emmanuel have— have been fighting this whole battle. This poor pastry chef and— and you this— this archivist bard are— are kind of. There's something about this that feels like play fighting for both of you. Not that you're not— your hearts aren't in it but like, there is something about other people dying all around you, or dying for the second time in some cases, that it's a very surreal experience to just be stuck around open combat this big and like, having fought with this person for, at this point, probably a couple of minutes. Um, and I think you can sense in him, a brief moment of resignation. What do you do?

JACK: Um, what's Hella doing?

AUSTIN: She is fighting Ginny at the front.

ALI: Yeah, I'm very distracted.

JACK: How's it going?

AUSTIN: They're just in melee. They're just— It's going, you know?

JACK: What's the rest of the— What's the rest of the skeleton pirates versus Calhoun at this position?

AUSTIN: At this point, Calhoun— they're still fairly evenly matched. Both are taking severe losses.

JACK: Or— How big is the Kingdom Come?

AUSTIN: Uh, it's about two to three times the size of Calhoun's ship. Again this thing we are looking at is not to scale.

JACK: Okay so it's— it's significantly bigger than it looks on our map, right now.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. On your current map, yeah.

JACK: Okay, right. So, I'm gonna sheath my weapon and I'm gonna take a couple of running steps up towards the—What's it called, where you step—the helm.

AUSTIN: The helm, sure. Yeah.

JACK: Um, would you like me to roll Defy Danger 'cause I imagine Emmanuel is probably gonna react to this.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

JACK: Like just running away from a fight.

AUSTIN: Uh, go ahead and— go ahead and yeah and roll Defy Danger.

JACK: Okay, Defy— Defy— I think this is probably— Just check Basic Moves. 

AUSTIN: It's probably Dex, if you're dodging attacks.

JACK: Yeah, I can see that. Getting out of the way or out of here fast.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.

JACK: Yes.

AUSTIN: If instead you're like taking those blows head on, that would probably be Constitution…

JACK: Mm-hmm.

AUSTIN: Um, and like if you're just trying to get there regardless of the cost but, yeah…

JACK: No, I think I'm trying to get away, uh so that… 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Oh god. Right. Please let this be good. Please, please, please. Aw yes!

AUSTIN: That's a very good roll.

KEITH: Good roll.

AUSTIN: Um, Emmanuel doesn't actually attack at you but some of the other pirates on the ship do, and you kind of deftly duck and dive out of the way. Uh, I fucked up my mouse cursor, one second, have to refresh this page. Um, and you make it up there safely, um to where Ginny and Hella are— are kind of slashing back and forth at each other. What do you do?

JACK: Okay, so I'm gonna uh, um… I don't really know how ships are made. But I think I'm probably gonna climb on the rail on the front of the helm looking— looking out onto the body of the ship. But kind of—

AUSTIN: Okay, upfront is— is that mast, you might recall. Um, so there's like um, there's like a mast going straight out into the— into the sea there. Uh…

JACK: Oh, so am I on the bow rather than the helm?

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, I guess I've been doing that backwards, huh.

JACK: So I'm thinking of standing essentially where the wheel is.

AUSTIN: I have been. No you're right. 

JACK: On the rail where the wheel is.

AUSTIN: Yeah, the wheel would be at the very back of the ship, right?

JACK: Yeah, on the…

AUSTIN: I forget that's how— that's how boats work.

JACK: It's the stern, right? Is the back of the ship.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, that is, that is. Yeah, that's right. I have to relaunch this thing, one second sorry.

JACK: That's okay.

AUSTIN: Not able to interact with anything right now. Uh…

JACK: This is Austin's gonna get back and there's just gonna be chickens everywhere.

AUSTIN: Okay, I think I can— Can I interact with things now? Yeah, okay. So, yeah you're right I have been thinking about this, the backwards way. There wouldn't be a mast there. There would just be a kind of flat back of the… There'd be a mast…

JACK: There would be a mast… There'd be a mast some distance ahead of me, right? Like, on the deck of the ship.

AUSTIN: Well ahead of you. On the opposite side of the ship, yeah, yeah. Or not a mast, I'm sorry, a um…

JACK: Like a bowsprit. 

AUSTIN: What was a um, masthead, a— Yeah sure.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: So yeah, you're back there with them. There's the thing you can look out over.

JACK: Right, so the move I'm gonna do here is Parley. Uh… And I— I don't know how I roll Charming and Open into Parley but I think I'll probably just Parley first, um…

AUSTIN: No, you— So what are you doing? Just tell me what you're doing, don't tell me what you're…

JACK: What I'm doing is I'm shouting very loudly and I'm saying,

AUSTIN: Okay.

LEM: Okay, right. This has gone on far too long. This stops now. Um.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

LEM: We need to stop fighting. We have killed your captain. We will continue to kill your crew. This is not going to go well.

JACK: Um, I'm sort of making an appeal to the resignation that I saw in Emmanuel.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

JACK: And also the fact that uh, um. Hella is a built human fighter who is going against an undead soldier, um… And uh, so essentially, I'm just sort of saying like, "Alright, like, let's stop." My leverage here is, I guess a combination of, "You don't want to fight anymore and we've killed a lot of your sailors already."

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. Go ahead and…

JACK: Roll Charisma?

AUSTIN: Ahead and make your Charisma roll, yeah.

JACK: I'm uh— I'm appealing to the good nature of undead pirates.

AUSTIN: You are.

ALI: Good luck with that.

JACK: 6.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: It's a fail.

AUSTIN: Uh, it is, uh, and you've made that kind of claim. You've made that pitch and then from behind you, you hear two loud steps and a loud voice that's kind of uh… You look over your shoulder at this and you see it's a man holding his throat closed so that his voice can be heard.

JACK: Oh God.

ALI: Yes…

BRANDISH: I ain't dead, ya ninny.

ALI: Yes…

JACK: Yeah…

AUSTIN: And he lets his— pulls his hand off and draws his blade, wet from the— wet from the ocean.

KEITH: Am I going to have to throw this motherfucker back in the water?

AUSTIN: Uh, and… Trying to decide if that's if—

JACK: Why do I get the—

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think that's it—

KEITH: Did he take any— 

JACK: Why do I get—

KEITH: Did he take any damage from the fall or being tossed around by waves so long?

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure. I'll give— I'll give— Go ahead and…

JACK: How come I get good rolls for running away from people and not for actually communication which is… 

ALI: There's no way for anyone to aid in that, right?

AUSTIN: Roll— Roll your damage once, Keith.

KEITH: Okay. 4!

AUSTIN: Oh yeah, okay. That's significant. That's like meaningful damage. So yeah.

KEITH: Plus that whole 1 that I did earlier.

AUSTIN: Yeah that was really good. That was a really good roll you did.

ALI: There's— There's no way before this happens for us to have Aided Jack on that?

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah you could try to aid him, but… Yeah, so go ahead and make your Aid. We should've done before, I narrated.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Next time, like as soon as someone fails, if you want to Aid, you have to tell me right away before I say that. But go ahead and we'll keep my thing but maybe just switch up how this negotiation happens.

JACK: It's not a very good negotiation so far.

AUSTIN: It's bad.

KEITH: It's so far it's pretty bad.

AUSTIN: And explain— Actually explain to me how you're helping before you roll.

ALI: Well… I mean Fero do you want to try to Aid either? You have a bond with him, but… Okay.

AUSTIN: Fero is off the ship.

KEITH: I'm off.

ALI: Oh, right, right, right.

AUSTIN: As off— As a bird.

KEITH: No, no, I'm not— I'm not.

AUSTIN: Oh, oh, you're back on. You're back on.

ALI: Yeah, you're back on.

AUSTIN: Right, right, right.

KEITH: Yeah, I'm like right near where Jack is, actually. Where Lem is. Um…

AUSTIN: Then sure. Then sure. Either of you could help.

KEITH: Okay, I got—

AUSTIN: But Hella— Actually no, it was Hella's instinct to Aid here. She should be the one to who does it. 

KEITH: Yeah.

ALI: Well, I mean he's Parleying and saying like, "You should stop fighting us because we've already like, taken a bunch of your people down." Does it even need to be like an action with Hella or is it just like, the rest of these—

AUSTIN: It could be an action or a thing you say. It could— You have to do a thing.

KEITH: You could start like beating your shield with your sword? Do you have a shield?

AUSTIN: She doesn't have a shield.

ALI: Right, yeah, like, the rest of these pirate people can see that I'm doing like, a pretty good job with Ginny. Right?

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Well no, you and Ginny have been evenly matched so far. The last thing that you did was both did a bunch of damage to each other.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So you have to make an action or make a claim, a verbal claim. You have to do something to back him up. You can't just reference what you've just done.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So like, what are you— What are you doing to aid here? To help sell his point?

ALI: Um… 

KEITH: Start screaming. Screaming really loud.

AUSTIN: That's… acceptable. That— Any of those— Yeah.

ALI: Yeah, I mean, I— I could just yell. That works. And like attack her, harder.

AUSTIN: Yeah, and slam your— And maybe in like a very visible way.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Where like, in a way that's— that's maybe not the most— You're not going for hits at this point.

ALI: Right, no.

AUSTIN: you're going for like—

KEITH: You're showboating?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you're showboating a little bit.

ALI: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: So yeah, go ahead and roll a plus—

KEITH: You're diving off the boat.

AUSTIN: +Bond. How many bonds do you have again? Just the one?

ALI: Just the one, yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so plus— 2d6 +1.

ALI: So that's a 7.

AUSTIN: Okay. So that means he gets his +1, um, but also you're now exposed to danger, retribution or cost. Um…

JACK: Thank you Hella!

AUSTIN: On a— On a 7— Which means, yeah. So on a 7-9, for Parley, they're gonna need some concrete assurance of your promise. Which…

KEITH: What was our promise? That we're not going to kill them anymore?

JACK: It was sort of a…

AUSTIN: I guess that was your promise.

KEITH: Or was our promise—

AUSTIN: I should've made you more clear. I think his probably—

JACK: Oh God, okay so… 

AUSTIN: It sounded like your promise was you were going to kill them more if they didn't stop.

JACK: It was kinda— The promise was—
 
KEITH: Oh okay, yeah.

JACK: The promise, it was sort of twofold. It was, um, nobody wants to be fighting anymore. And/or, we will kill you all.

ALI: I think my Aid with that adjusts our promise pretty… pretty well.

KEITH: Uh…

AUSTIN: Yeah, your Aid makes it pretty clear that that's— Yeah.

KEITH: So— So you're saying to— to—

JACK: I could also…

KEITH: to show that we mean business, should I take out one of my throwing knives and throw it at someone?

AUSTIN: It has to be Hella. Hella was the one who—

KEITH: Oh, it has to be Hella? Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah, she rolled it.

JACK: Hella has to make concrete assurance?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: No, no, no. I'm saying it could be either of you but it can't be Keith. Keith can't do it from…

JACK: I wonder if… 

AUSTIN: He wasn't the one who… Yeah, anyway.

JACK: Um… Do you think, I can't do Charming and Open as part of this assurance, right, can I? Could I? I think I could get Emmanuel to willfully disarm himself. That might count as assurance.

AUSTIN: Tell me how that works again?

JACK: When I speak frankly with someone I can ask them a question from the list. They must answer truthfully, then now ask you a question from the list. You must answer truthfully too.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: I think I could probably use the Bardic way-

AUSTIN: No, no, no.

JACK: Oh, whom do you serve?

AUSTIN: Questions.

JACK: What do you wish I would do. How can I get you to— What are you really feeling right now? What do you most desire? I think that I—

AUSTIN: Yeah, but none of those are— none of those are like-

JACK: Could I not… Yeah.

AUSTIN: Stop doing the thing you're doing.

JACK: I could, "How could I get you to stop doing what you're doing," I suppose, but that doesn't actually result in an action, does it?

AUSTIN: Um, the thing is that he did stop doing what he was doing. Um, it feels like you maybe overestimating how much the rest of this crew is ready to stop the way he is.

JACK: I don't know if I'm overestimating it, I think I'm hopeful that we could get them to that stage.

AUSTIN: You are hopeful.

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: You are hopeful, yeah.

JACK: So um, Hella what have you got? We could just kill Emmanuel but that feels really bad.

KEITH: Kill Emmanuel.

AUSTIN: He's far from you now though, at this point, you know what I mean?

ALI: I mean, I would kill Emmanuel but I can't right now, is the thing.
 
AUSTIN: She's still locked in combat with Ginny. Um… Again, I am still just super not clear if the promise— I guess that the promise at this point is that you're willing to kill someone. Um, so I think it has to be an attack if you're trying to communicate your willingness to hurt people, right?

JACK: Uh. Hella, how free up would you be to attack Brandish? Or are you— are you really in— in business with Ginny?

AUSTIN: She's in combat. She really is.

ALI: I mean, I specifically heated up my combat even moreso.

JACK: Well then, I—

ALI: To help you out, so I don't know if I can…

JACK: Yeah, I guess…

KEITH: I— I think-

JACK: I could may—

KEITH: Could he do a grab on one of them and try to like, take them as a fucking a, "We'll fucking kill this idiot."

AUSTIN: Sure.

ALI: Could I—

KEITH: "See, we're serious."

ALI: I mean, could I roll to see if I can um, you know, put a knife to Ginny's neck?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, go for it.

ALI: Would that be…

AUSTIN: That would probably be… That might be Defy Danger Strength.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Right, because you're not—

JACK: Problem as well is the captain is now onboard.

AUSTIN: He is. He is. But maybe— Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah. Mutiny.

AUSTIN: But maybe she could be— She could be—

KEITH: Pirates love mutiny.

AUSTIN: Ehh.

ALI: Yeah, but I would just be like, "We're definitely going to kill her."

AUSTIN: Right. So go ahead, that'd be Defy Danger Strength, probably.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Your power— You're trying to overpower her.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: Defy Danger is so versatile.

AUSTIN: It is, it is.

ALI: So that's just 2d6 plus…

AUSTIN: Yeah, +Strength.

ALI: So I roll a 7 on that.

AUSTIN: Hoo, man.

KEITH: Man, lots of partial successes here.

AUSTIN: Lots of— Which is interesting. Which is good but like… Um…

KEITH: Which is making it really difficult to figure out what's happening.

AUSTIN: Alright yeah, so let's paint this picture again. I wanna— I wanna like take a step back and paint what's happened in the last few seconds. Fero was fighting birds. Lands on the deck, near uh, where Hella is engaged with Ginny in one-on-one combat. Lem, uh, stops fighting Emmanuel when he sees that Emmanuel has resigned uh, to death or you know, just to stop this combat and sprints up to kind of say, "Hey, hey, no, no. No more, we're done." At that moment, Brandish climbs back on board and sees as Hella takes Ginny hostage, um, putting that— I'm guessing you're putting that throwing knife that you took that one time from that tower up against her throat or are you just putting your sword against her throat?

ALI: Um, my sword probably— Or I guess that knife. No, I wouldn't—

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: I wouldn't have to put my—

KEITH: Actually I think Ali's wasn't even the throwing knife. I mean it was just—

ALI: No, no, no.

KEITH: Right?

AUSTIN: It was the big knife, yeah, yeah, yeah.

ALI: Ali was the knife, mine were the throwing knives.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um… So you have her—

ALI: I mean, I plan to throw it one day but I don't think I'd be able to put my sword away and then grab that knife so it's probably just my sword.

AUSTIN: Okay, good call. So you have— You have the sword to her throat. Uh, and I think I can— I think I can work with this, because one of the things is, the GM will offer you a worse outcome, hard bargain or ugly choice.

KEITH: Hm.

AUSTIN: Uh and he says… Again, he has to hold his throat together to talk to you. He's like putting his hand over his throat, which is interesting because it's almost like he's… It looks almost like someone stroking his beard, do you know what I mean? Like he doesn't have one anymore, he's like clean shaved, but that's like the motion that he does as he talks, like massages the works out.

JACK: I love the fact— I love the fact that this guy has shaved his beard to make his neck wound more menacing. It's like the creepy equivalent of Blackbeard setting his beard on fire.

AUSTIN: Right, yes. I'm gonna wait for this to stop.

JACK: It's done now.

AUSTIN: He looks around his ship.

BRANDISH: We ain't gonna have much a hard time getting more soldiers. Ya left us the bodies for that. But leave us Calhoun, and you're free to go.

AUSTIN: He— He gives a little smirk to Calhoun.

ALI: Oh. Are they gonna kill Calhoun?

KEITH: Yeah, they're gonna kill— I'm not fucking leaving Calhoun.

ALI: I'm not leaving Calhoun.

JACK: I'm not leaving Calhoun.

KEITH: To be fair, I will— I will remind Ali that Ali is an evil fighter.

AUSTIN: You— Ali is an evil fighter.

ALI: Yeah, but like…

AUSTIN: If you're not— Like, what this sounds like to me, again like, if you say no to this, you might not be evil. It might be time to rethink who Hella is. Which is fine. Like we can do that, the— You know…

KEITH: Maybe Hella is…

ALI: I mean if—

AUSTIN: Alignments are meant to be changed, but…

ALI: If it was anyone else it would be fine, but Calhoun has value to me.

AUSTIN: Why?

ALI: She can get a favor out of Calhoun more easily. She knows how to—

AUSTIN: She got a favor out of Calhoun.

ALI: Yeah, and she can continue to do that. She knows how to work him.

KEITH: Well we just let him get drunk by himself.

AUSTIN: Right. I— I'm— I really want you to think hard about whether or not Hella is actually evil because this is like— This is like Evil 101. Like yeah, I'll make that fucking trade.

ALI: I mean, if that's it, yeah.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean? Like… But— You know what I mean? Like that's— The trade is being offered to you here and I'm not saying you have to take it. You don't have to take it, but if the answer is no here, then this is one of those illustrative moments where it's clear that whatever history Hella had had as someone who is evil, before this adventure started, that might not be the case anymore, do you know what I mean? 

JACK: Um… 

AUSTIN: She's made some bonds, she does have friends, and is shifting towards something else. But this is going to be one of those moments where we can kinda figure that out.

ALI: Okay. I mean as a—

AUSTIN: And I think at this point Brandish is definitely addressing you more than anyone else.

ALI: That's fair.

AUSTIN: As the person who's beaten him in combat. So…

ALI: I mean—

AUSTIN: What's Hella doing?

ALI: As like a player, I really don't want to give up Calhoun. And if there's like the possibility that we can go back and save him, then I'll take that. But as far as like, this bribe that's being put up, if she can take that, that's fine.

AUSTIN: So she does want to leave Calhoun.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I guess, I guess that's the one thing to say here is, this will probably not be the last you see of Calhoun. I don't know what state he'll be in next time.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Um…

KEITH: That means he'll be undead.

AUSTIN: I don't know.

KEITH: Undead Calhoun.

AUSTIN: I don't know! May— Who knows. I really don't know. I haven't thought about it. Like that's the— that's the easy answer. Right? Like, oh yeah, next time they have to fight Calhoun the undead pirate, but maybe that's not the most interesting answer. Would be a— You know, I will think about what happens to Calhoun and what Brandish wants and what Brandish needs and all of that, you know? And what Calhoun, once he's sobered up, wants and needs, right? Like, who knows? I don't know what type of man Calhoun is, really? You know, I know he likes drinking, I know he likes adventure. Maybe he doesn't mind being on this pirate ship so much. Like, we'll— I'll think about that and we'll figure it out. Um…

KEITH: Oh yeah, 24/7 Boat Party.

AUSTIN: Right, 24/7 Boat Party. Uh, Calhoun— So what do you do? How do you communicate that that's a fair trade?

ALI: Um… I guess I put my sword down and I nod.

AUSTIN: Okay. Like just— Like not on the ground you just lower your blade.

ALI: Yeah, no, I lower it and put it back over my shoulder.

JACK: I'm not happy with this decision at all but um…

AUSTIN: Ginny walks away, holding her side where she's been cut a few times and smirks. Uh, Brandish nods and— and sheaths his sword and does a similar hand motion to the one that— that Calhoun would do when he shouted "Boat Party." But he does not shout, "Boat Party," though, he says,

BRANDISH: Let them go. Leave the bodies, they're ours.

KEITH: Aw man, this is a bad dream.

JACK: This is a bad— Yeah, Lem is super not about this decision. But I can't do anything about it because I am a Bard.

AUSTIN: And you board back onto your ships.

ALI: I mean—

AUSTIN: And…

KEITH: Without Calhoun?

ALI: This is sort of our only choice here. We can't like…

AUSTIN: Without Calhoun.

KEITH: We could've probably beat them.

AUSTIN: I don't know.

JACK: Well, the option— There is another option here, which is uh… that we… 

ALI: Because in my mind, she can say yes because she would say yes, but we can like, go back on that. That's the point of Parleying, that it's a false promise.

KEITH: Yeah, but the— the false promise in this case because you didn't roll a 10 involved giving them Calhoun now and leaving.

JACK: Unless, we… So this is kind of illformed but I'm kind of— There's nothing saying that we need to go uh, the book mark—The bookmark— There's nothing saying we need to go to the book mark immediately. We could regroup our strength. Hope for better rolls looking at charts and the movements in the waters, god I wish we had a wizard.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

JACK: And go back to the boat. Try and see if we can board the boat in the cover of darkness. Make a raid to try to rescue the people. You know, there's nothing saying that we can't refocus our mission goals.

KEITH: You guys want to do a fucking raid, I'll do a fucking raid. I'm all about raids.

ALI: Yeah, I'm into that.
 
AUSTIN: We can do that. I'm fine with that. We can leave off here tonight and do that next time. Uh, but what I will say is, you know, this world continues as you do.

JACK: Oh, yeah.

AUSTIN: And I'm not saying not to do that, but like…

JACK: Dude, my problem is that he's gonna be a zombie. That's the—

AUSTIN: No, no, I know. I know, I know. But in other words, there are other interests in that mark on the map. So when you make that decision know— Make it knowing that I'm going to move that, also. That that clock ticks. Do you know what I mean?

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You're now choosing— This is the hard decision. This is the— This is the partial success. You have your lives and now we're extending that partial success to say, yeah, you can go after Calhoun tonight or tomorrow, once you've regathered your strength and once you have a real plan, um and scouted it out and all that. But you know, Greggy expects you in two to three weeks and… and whatever is known, whatever you know about this stuff, other forces also might know. Other forces are also in motion. Um, not to mention, of course, the uh, the archivists, who by now, certainly have started to wonder where Captain Calhoun went without getting proper clearance. All sorts of things are in motion. We can make that decision off— off camera, so to speak. We can think about this. Let me know in the next couple of days so I know what to play a little bit, going forward. Like… Um… It would be…

JACK: Oh, because I guess to an extent your planning is also going to have an effect on— on the other team's world.

AUSTIN: Yes, absolutely. Um…

KEITH: I like Calhoun.

AUSTIN: Me too.

ALI: I do too.

AUSTIN: I like him a bunch. He's really cool. He's fun.

KEITH: He is really fun.

JACK: Yeah, so what you said about the world moving is interesting to me because, sure there are the interests of the map and the Archivists are moving and stuff and we don't quite know what that entails.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: But just from a very practical perspective, the book, one would assume, either— unless the book gets destroyed, which is a possibility, the book is going to continue to exist somewhere within the world, no matter what the outcome is.

AUSTIN: Sure. Right.

JACK: Captain Calhoun is possibly going to exist in the world, but there is a very, very good chance he's going to exist within the world in a changed form.

AUSTIN: Yup.

JACK: And so from my perspective, if we're talking about the world changing, the change that leads to us maybe having to find something out a bit differently later or a man being transformed into a terrifying living dead creature.

AUSTIN: Uh, so here's what I'll— Here's what I'll say, because I know what you're basically saying is like, "Okay well, if the bad guys get the book— if somebody gets a book, we can just go after them and get the book." But I want, just to illustrate, this is a, kind of a behind the curtain moment. Um… Which is, the way Dungeon World works, with regards to prep is you don't prep out like— You don't design big long adventures um, in great detail because that kind of railroads the characters into doing one thing, right? Like, even here I wanted to— I gave you guys a couple different options and I knew what was in these areas in the world. Um, but there is another version of this game tonight where you don't even see Brandish, right? Like, you succeed on all those rolls, you do really well and you get through and we hit a different thing. Like I know what some of it—

KEITH: Or we didn't even take the water.

AUSTIN: Right, or you didn't even take the water. Right, exactly. Um, so— so the way all that works, one of the way that works is that you design things called Fronts. There's Campaign Fronts and there are Adventure Fronts. Fronts are a collection— Is kind of like a— It's a thing in the world, it's a— it's a stake. It's something that people want. And inside of a Front, you have dangers, and dangers are things like organizations or really bad characters or giant monsters or whatever. And part of designing a danger is setting up impend— an impending doom um, and a set of kind of, uh— What's the word I'm looking for. There's a specific word for this. Um, uh, Grim Portents. Things that will happen because they haven't been stopped.

JACK: Mmm.

AUSTIN: Um… Brandish's people are one of the— Are a danger on a Front. So they have Grim Portents that they will work towards. Um, but there are other dangers on Fronts that will advance their agendas also, if not stopped or checked. So I— Again, I just want to sell that this isn't a false choice. The answer of going after Calhoun, the alternative isn't, "And then we'll have to go ten feet further to get the book." It's that, whatever's happening down there will happen and the clock will tick one hour further, closer to midnight, right? Closer to the nukes launching, if that makes sense.

JACK: Mmm.

AUSTIN: So, again I'm not saying that this is— That you shouldn't go after Calhoun, because again, Brandish's pirates are one of the clocks on the table. They're also up for something, you know? Like, but I want it to be clear that it's not a false choice where the good outcome— This isn't a sidequest in Dragon Age where, you know, nothing bad will happen if you do the side quest. The clock will keep— Or in Mass Effect, right? Like, the— the Reapers are coming and— and you should be quick about it. Or, not being quick about it will have a reaction.

JACK: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: I just wasn't sure if that was clear. I hope I don't sound like I'm railroading further, or something, you know?

KEITH: No. Well, because— because— Even if we bail, 'cause like, the idea of missing something swings both ways where if we did one thing, we miss another thing to do with it. 

AUSTIN: Right, yup, absolutely. Absolutely.

KEITH: So it's not like— It's not like, "You gotta do this because you'll miss it otherwise," it's, "Just remember that no matter what you do, there's something else happening that you're missing."

AUSTIN: Yes, yes. Exactly, exactly. And to take that into account with when you decide— with what you're deciding what to do.

KEITH: Right, yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, which could mean, this is a moment where Lem and Fero and Hella can say, "No people are more important to me than some old book." Right?

KEITH: Yeah. Um, and then— and then—

AUSTIN: But you also know that like, this book— You also know what was at that tower, do you know what I mean?

KEITH: Yeah. Right, yeah. But it's like— 'Cause— And then to throw some— some more metagame on top of this, it's not like we're going to get to the tower and the book's not gonna be there and then we're gonna be like, "Oh, I guess our adventure's over." Like there's still gonna be stuff to do.

AUSTIN: There's still gonna be stuff to do, yes absolutely.

KEITH: Yeah, there's still going to be more interesting story-

JACK: No, we blew it.

KEITH: because that's what— Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yes, absolutely.

KEITH: We can't—

AUSTIN: That's the other way to think about this is like, hey what story are we interested in pursuing right now? Like from the— from the meta level.

KEITH: Right, yeah.

AUSTIN: Both of those are fine. Like, I— I, in a lot of ways, like this group a lot because it's less driven by, like the desire of power, than the Hadrian-Fantasmo group, you know?

JACK: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And so, I totally support either way you're going here, I just wanted to make sure all the chips were on the table in terms of what the stakes were.

KEITH: Or that—

AUSTIN: Or in fact, that there are stakes, you know?

KEITH: That does remind me, I haven't— Dre wrote a big thing about Throndir that I haven't read yet. Because I was at work when I saw it and uh, I have to go back and read that. Because I don't know anything about his character right now. Other than that he has a mastiff.

AUSTIN: He does have a mastiff. Spoilers for next week's episode. So yeah, we can decide that off the table or we can decide that now.

KEITH: Probably, I can bleep that.

AUSTIN: Nah, it's not— They're allowed to know that he's gonna have a cool dog. Dogs are cool.

KEITH: Okay. He's gonna have a fucking big mastiff.

AUSTIN: So you wanted to decide this— Do you guys want to decide this over the week? Or do you want to decide it now?

KEITH: Um… Nah, cliffhanger this.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that's what I'm saying. We'll cliffhanger this.

ALI: Yeah, let's talk this out.

AUSTIN: Uh, the— The ship, the um, the fuck is the name of his ship again? Oh it was a really good name.

KEITH: The Kingdom Come. The Kingdom Come.

AUSTIN: Thank you.

KEITH: That is a good name.

AUSTIN: The Kingdom Come drifts away in the night as the sun sets and you return to Party Boat, without Calhoun. And without many of the men and women who piloted it. And it's a somber night, and people still drink but uh, not— not too much partying really. More of a, whether or not you think you're gonna go save him, it reads emotionally like a funeral. We should do uh, end of session stuff.

KEITH: I like Calhoun.

AUSTIN: I like Calhoun too.

KEITH: Yeah. Yup.

AUSTIN: So, end of session. Did we learn something new and important about the world?

JACK: I think we did.

KEITH: Yeah!

JACK: Undead pirates exist.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: There's a fucking pirate king out there with a crew of undead that's going around collecting bodies to increase their thing— the size of their army.

AUSTIN: That's true, so that's 1. Take 1.

JACK: So that's 1, mark XP.

AUSTIN: Mark XP. Did you overcome a notable monster or enemy?

ALI: Mmm, no.

AUSTIN: No.

JACK: Well, uh, we survived. Does that count as overcome?

AUSTIN: Yeah, but I don't—

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: Debatable. I don't think so, no. Overcoming means like, if it was a— Yeah or like, let's say he was blockading you from going forward and you broke his blockage. You didn't kill him but you broke— you overcame. Or you didn't overcome.

JACK: Uh-huh.

AUSTIN: Did you loot any memorable treasure?

KEITH: I got that dope ring.

JACK: Oh. Uh…

AUSTIN: Uhh.

ALI: That's not looting.

AUSTIN: That's not looting. He gave you—

KEITH: That's a ring that gives me favors wherever I go.

ALI: That's not—

AUSTIN: He gave you—

KEITH: He did give me— It has to be specifically looting?

JACK: Oh, wait hang on. When we took that overcome, we evaded the archivists.

AUSTIN: You did, but I don't— I don't—

JACK: Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: Hmm, I don't know, I think that that's a lot.

JACK: Austin, they would probably have killed me.

AUSTIN: Hm. It is a notable enemy.

JACK: Yeah, he's named.

KEITH: Yeah, that guy has like a name and a— and a thing and…

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, okay. You can take the…

KEITH: He's— Like that guy's gonna show up over and over. Sure.

AUSTIN: Take the 1, from— from evading Morbash.

KEITH: More like Less-bash, you know what I— You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm talking about?

AUSTIN: Morbash, Morbash, my bad. Or, I think Morbash is right but it's spelled B-A-S-H.

JACK: There's a— We actually have a political cartoon like that in the Archives. That exact joke.

AUSTIN: Yeah, um, okay, so now, the rest of this is…

KEITH: I might be gaining a level right now.

AUSTIN: That's— It's feasible.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You guys did a lot. Uh, so people with Bonds, does anyone want to resolve any Bonds? What are your Bonds?

KEITH: I would really like to resolve a Bond with Hella. Let me get my Bonds so I can see exactly the thing. So right now I have, "Hella can be relied upon in combat, she's a fierce fighter."

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

KEITH: And I want to take that down and I want to— and I want to replace it with uh, uh, that, "The decisions Hella makes in battle do not align with what I would do."

AUSTIN: You wanna like make that tighter. You wanna tighten that up a little bit?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, okay. Let's see. The decision… uh…

AUSTIN: You can be more specific or less specific than you would like than that. You don't have to be broad.

KEITH: Okay, yeah, yeah, um… Uh, "Hella's ethics are not lining up with what I believe in."

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay, make sure you update that on your side. Um…

KEITH: Yup.

AUSTIN: Hella, what about you?

ALI: Um… It's tough. I have a Bond with… Lem that is, "I worry about the ability of Jack to sur— to survive in the dungeon."

AUSTIN: Mmm.

ALI: And I think, we're two adventures deep and he seems okay.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah.

JACK: Oh, cheers.

AUSTIN: And you saw him fight a lot on that ship. Like, yeah, totally.

ALI: Yeah. I just— I'm not sure what to replace it with.

AUSTIN: It can be about anybody. It can be about Fero, it could be about… you know what I mean?

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Um, or—

KEITH: It also— It doesn't need to be replaced, right?

AUSTIN: Right, it can just hang for now. You could have another—

KEITH: Like this— But, this is the only time that we resolve Bonds but if you have less Bonds than you think than you want with people, you can just add Bonds, right?

AUSTIN: You can't— Well, not— Only to a limit, right? Like, because Bonds are basically XP investment, right?

KEITH: Right, I mean, unless you have too many.

AUSTIN: Right, exactly, yes, yes. 

KEITH: Like if you had only two bonds and-

AUSTIN: And you want—

KEITH: -then you're like, "Well I have two legitimate bonds to add…"

AUSTIN: Yeah, um I—

ALI: Can I take some time during the break to like think about that or do I have to make it now? Okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, but make sure you do and get back to me on it so that you don't forget about it.

ALI: Yeah, no.

AUSTIN: I'm gonna in fact make a note that says, "+1 Bonds, she hasn't done it yet."

ALI: 'Cause that brings me down to two so I definitely need one more.

JACK: Um, only she gets XP for that, not me, right? Or do we both get XP?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yup. No, just her. Just her.

JACK: Um, I have two bonds with Fantasmo. Um, out of three bonds. Do— Should I just leave them because I can have extra bonds with…

AUSTIN: I would leave them. Yeah, yeah, I would let you— I would leave one. Or leave them, because— And also they didn't— They certainly didn't resolve, you know what I mean?

JACK: No. Are bonds with party members or with anybody?

AUSTIN: They're with— I think they're with anybody. Um, I'm pretty sure that that's how that works. I'll double check it. Um, let's see. Like notable you have one with Hella's sword that still hasn't come up though perhaps will… though perhaps will or should have today. Um… 

ALI: Well he hasn't heard it yet, so…

AUSTIN: Yeah, but I'm trying to see if they would've said anything, today. But I don't think so. I don't think they would've spoken about this. They would've been fairly quiet believe it or not. Um… Uh, bonds, here we go. Uh… Yeah, just says character, as long as you have… Yeah, I think you can go outside. I think you can.

JACK: Okay, um. I'm gonna make a bond and— I think I'm gonna try and make a bond with Emmanuel.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Um, which is um…

AUSTIN: Hm.

JACK: Emmanuel and uh— Emmanuel and I shared a moment of um… Essentially I want us to both feel uncomfortable with the things that we found ourselves doing. Emmanuel and I— No go on.

AUSTIN: You're only writing for you. Like, you can't write the bond— 

JACK: Oh, right, yes, okay.

AUSTIN: Your bond does not reflect his position. Um…

JACK: Yeah, sure, sure. Um… "I felt uh…" Well 'cause I could be like super wrong here and I want to account for that in the bond. Um…

AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly, exactly.

JACK: Um…

AUSTIN: I'm also still double checking to be 100% sure that that bonds can go to… Here we go, here we go. Each— No, it has to be with— It has to be with the player character.

JACK: Has to be with the player.

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah, 'cause it says that each bond is a simple statement that relates your character to another player character.

JACK: That kind of make sense. I can see that work.

AUSTIN: It does, it does.

JACK: Um… So um… No I don't think I want to do one.

AUSTIN: Okay. And you don't have any that— no, I guess none of those resolve. That's fine. Alright, uh… Alignment is the only other thing. Uh, what were your alignments? Let's see. Fero, destroy a symbol of the old civilization.

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: Lem, avoid a conflict or defuse a tense situation.

JACK: I tried…

AUSTIN: Yeah, you did. You avoided— You avoided a conflict at the beginning. That's totally avoiding a conflict.

JACK: Oh yeah, huh.

AUSTIN: So take 1 for that.

JACK: Oh man, I'm so close. Dammit.

AUSTIN: Right. And then Hella, kill a defenseless or surrendered enemy. That would've been where like, if you had slit her throat, right? Um, but no I don't think you— you didn't so…

ALI: That's what I should've done instead of letting Calhoun go.

KEITH: Yeah, that is. 

ALI: Oh boy, whoops.

AUSTIN: Well…

KEITH: Well we probably also would've died maybe.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Probably maybe. It would've been tough. It would've been a fight. Like we would've kept fighting. Um…

KEITH: I mean after— after Ginny died, Ginny? Um, then it would've— it would've mostly been a fight about Brandish, right? And that guy's not a big deal. What?

AUSTIN: There's a lot of— There— Mmm. It would've been tough. It would've been a tough fight. Like you guys did well, for what that fight was, is what I'll say, right? Like it wasn't um… It wasn't meant to be an easy fight to take them head on, you know? And did well, given that. And got a bunch of XP, so.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Is anybody leveling up?

KEITH: I'm leveling up, yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Mostly not because of this fight, but because I missed so many last time.

AUSTIN: Right. You were already ahead of the game, basically.

KEITH: Yeah, I already had like 6 XP going into this.

AUSTIN: Okay, so where are you at now?

KEITH: Uh, right now I'm at 9.

AUSTIN: Okay, which is exactly a level, right?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: So you spend 9, and go down to level 3 and down to 0 XP. Okay. Anybody else leveling?

JACK: Uh, no I'm on 8.

ALI: Yeah, no. I'm uh— 

AUSTIN: So you're very close. Okay.

ALI: I'm lower than Lem.

AUSTIN: Alright, uh. I don't think we'll record next week because I'll be doing the other game for everybody else but then after that, if I have time to do twice a week, I will do twice a week, you know? It's just a matter of seeing if that's a thing I can actually do.

KEITH: Yeah, it's— I'll say this, uh. Our sessions are so goddamn long-

AUSTIN: Right, exactly.

KEITH: that if you record twice a week we'll be backed up six months.

AUSTIN: That is— That is the thing. That is part of my thought process.

KEITH: Yeah, we already have two months of stuff that hasn't gone out yet.

AUSTIN: Jesus.

JACK: When's tonight's episode going out?

KEITH: Is the thing. Not two months, one-and-a-half months, I think. 

AUSTIN: I— Once I finish this upload that I'm already doing.

KEITH: Alright.

AUSTIN: It stalled at some point during the first— I was uploading it earlier and then it stalled so, but now it's up so I can— I can do it.

JACK: Oh, cool.

AUSTIN: Which reminds me, if you're listening, uh and you should be listening, still.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You should go…

KEITH: Audience retention.

AUSTIN: Audience retention. You should go to iTunes, which is a music store and a place people get podcasts and stuff, and do a search for us there. Maybe you already did that. Maybe you're listening through your iTunes music player. And give us a rating of some sort. Like a five star rating would be pretty cool.

ALI: Yeah.

KEITH: Maybe even a review.

AUSTIN: Ideally a review would be yeah, would be pretty rad.

ALI: Yeah, write some— write some words.

KEITH: It doesn't even— There's not even a character limit. Like you don't even have to like, "Heh, do twenty words." Like no, you could just say, like "Yeah, hey, great job."

ALI: Just write—

AUSTIN: "P good." 

KEITH: Yeah, "P good."

ALI: Here's what you do. Give us five and then the review, write, "thumbs up." 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, thanks.

KEITH: Or, link to a picture. Link to an image of someone giving a thumbs up.

ALI: Or an image of a chicken so you get in-jokes.

AUSTIN: Can you do links?

KEITH: Yeah, sure. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Look at that.

KEITH: Bonus points if you put a chicken there.

AUSTIN: Bonus points for the chicken.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh, you can find me @austin—

JACK: If you put bonus points in the…

AUSTIN: Go ahead. Go ahead.

JACK: I was gonna say, for the bonus points for the chicken, each episode will uh, recede— will reveal one number from Keith's credit card. You know?

KEITH: I— A game that I've already started.

AUSTIN: Yup.

KEITH: Uh I will— We forgot to mention uh, Austin that that thread with the guy who took the pictures of the chicken, four pages long. That's it.

AUSTIN: That's a lot of thread. People were really into that thread.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Chicken thread. I'm Austin Walker, you can find me @austin_walker on twitter, theCalcutec on twitch, ClockworkWorlds.com for my writing about games and other stuff. You can also find our live video game streaming stuff at twitch.tv/StreamFriends and our archives of that at StreamFriends.tv. There are also— These episodes go up at StreamFriends.tv so you can go talk there in the comments if you're upset about a thing we did or if you want to tell somebody else that they're wrong because that's what you do in comment threads. Uh…

KEITH: Or you could just be like super nice and say super nice stuff.

AUSTIN: That's not the internet, Keith. Like that's not…

KEITH: I don't know. I don't know. I mean, when I link you guys RunButton comments, it's always the bad ones but there's a lot of nice ones.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Sometimes.

KEITH: Not on Silent Hill videos but you know on the rest of them.

AUSTIN: You should check out Run Button Silent Hill let's play which is on RunButton.net. It's old now, but uh…

KEITH: It's super old, yeah.

AUSTIN: Still pretty good.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You guys have grown a lot, let's say, since then.

KEITH: Yeah, no. Yeah we have, for sure.

AUSTIN: There are definitely words you use in that— in that— Not you really but Kyle. That Kyle uses in that Let's Play that he wouldn't use now. That's what I'll say. That's what I'll say. Where else can people find you, Keith?

KEITH: Uh, besides RunButton.net AKA youtube.com/RunButton, you can also find me @SomethingDumb on twitter and on twitch, twitch.tv/RunButton, a place where I uh, stream video games uh pretty frequently.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

KEITH: Not recently frequently, it's been, I've been busy, but…

AUSTIN: Jack, what about you. Where can people find you?

JACK: My name is Jack de Quidt. You can find me on twitch and twitter @NotQuiteReal. Uh, and at my game studio's website, theToolTreesGames.co.uk. And next time you hear me, I will be in a different part of the country.

AUSTIN: Ooh.

JACK: Uh, embarking on a university course, which is exciting.

AUSTIN: Great. That is exciting.

JACK: So uh, I will probably sound slightly less audio quality.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

JACK: Oh no it should be recording fine through— through Audacity.

AUSTIN: We'll see I guess.

JACK: So no noticeable differences and no clock.

ALI: Oh no.

KEITH: Aww.

ALI: That's a noticeable difference.

AUSTIN: That would be sad.

KEITH: That last quiet clock.

AUSTIN: Aww. Uh, and Ali, what about you?

ALI: Um, yeah, you can find me at uh, @ali_west on twitter and then you can find all of us on StreamFriends.tv.

AUSTIN: Great. Thanks for joining us everybody. Have a good week.

JACK: Bye, bye.

ALI: Bye.

KEITH: Alright.

AUSTIN: Alright, one more clap.

KEITH: Yup, alright. You want to do time.is or "Three, two, one."

AUSTIN: Man, we should just do three, two, one. We're better at it.

JACK: Alright.

KEITH: Alright, "Three, two, one," alright got it.

AUSTIN: Yup.

KEITH: Three, two, one. Okay. Okay.

ALI: We've—

KEITH: Here's how we're gonna do it from now on. Here's what's gonna happen. When I say "Three, two, one," on each number, I want you guys to do like a fake— like a half clap so you get into the rhythm. I want you to get into the rhythm. And we're going to start from five so you have a longer time to get into that rhythm. Alright, we're gonna go.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: That was everyone else, not me, right?

AUSTIN: Mmm.

KEITH: We're gonna— It's— I know that I was perfect. That's all that I know. Five, four— Like a conductor with your hands. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I got it.

KEITH: Four, three, two, one.

AUSTIN: Fuck.

KEITH: Little better.

AUSTIN: One more.

KEITH: Alright, one more.

AUSTIN: Whoo, shake it out, shake it out.

KEITH: This is gonna be faster. We're gonna do a faster, let's see if we can do an up tempo—

AUSTIN: Sure. Alright.

JACK: This is like a fever dream. 

[AUTUMN10]

DRE: Also Keith, I just adjusted my microphone, so sorry for killing your ears.

AUSTIN: He’s not really sorry.

NICK: Testing.

DRE: Oh nah, fuck Keith.

ART: Aw, poor Keith. Poor Keith.

AUSTIN: He hasn’t gotten any of these yet, so.. Y’know, these could all be just garbage.

DRE: What a dick.

AUSTIN: Welcome to Friends at the table, an actual play podcast focussed on critical worldbuilding, smart characterisation, and fun interaction between good friends. As always we are presented by streamfriends.tv and by runbutton.net. My name’s Austin Walker and joining me today are: Nick Songrath

NICK: Hi, I’m Nick. I was making popping noises to test my-

AUSTIN: You were.

NICK: ..my sibilance while you were doing the intro there, sorry.

AUSTIN: Ooh, it’s a good word though.

NICK: Ssssibilance.

AUSTIN: Ooh.

ART: Does that work? I don’t --What?

AUSTIN: I don’t --Don’t --That’s not..

DRE: Sort of. That’s-

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Oh, we’re all gonna do it, we’re all gonna start popping.

ART: Then gonna start walking.

DRE: Nick, which, which wristwatch is the Swiss wristwatch?

NICK: Yeah there you go. Yeah, Dre knows what’s up.

AUSTIN: Andrew Lee Swan is here with us.

DRE: Hey! I’m Andrew, you can find me on twitter @andrewleeswan

AUSTIN: Nick, did you say where you were?

NICK: You can find me @drevilbones, that’s it.

AUSTIN: And, Arthur Tebbel.

ART: Hey, uh, twitter, @atebbel.

AUSTIN: Good work.

ART: Me is there.

AUSTIN: Today --Oh, oh brother.

AUSTIN: We’re gonna continue our Dungeon World campaign with this group. At this point it seems clear that there’s Boat Party and there’s like Terrible Winter Ice-

DRE: Right 

AUSTIN: ..Dead Lands, Misery, Wordlessness, 

DRE: Is it too-

AUSTIN: Godlessness.. Party.

DRE: Is it too late to petition.. That Throndir should have gone with the other group?

AUSTIN: The thing is that you, Thron-, Throndir was always gonna be on this group.

DRE: Yeaaah.

AUSTIN: You were the one character that couldn’t move from this group.

DRE: Had, uh, I know 

ART: Is it too late to ask what we did to make you mad at us?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I don’t know. I think you guys should just spent some time reflecting and uuh think about it.

DRE: It’s probably my fault. I probably should have been like, yeah the Mark of the Erasure it’s a, it’s a big beach.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: It’s just a beach, and everybody drinks margaritas all day. It’s ruled by Jimmy Buffet.

NICK: Yep.

AUSTIN: Yeah that would have-

DRE: It’s ruled by Jimmy Buffet elf.

ART: It was too many, too many mojitos that caused this, this apocalypse.

NICK: I don’t..

AUSTIN: Guys don’t spoil the big mystery.

NICK: It was going well until the end there and then I think you actually maybe made it worse? Than our current predicament?

DRE: Ugh, Buffet elves. 

NICK: Maybe? I don’t..

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. As always we’ll be playing Dungeon World which is by Sage Latorra and Adam Koebel. It’s a hack of Apocalypse World by D Vincent Baker. Our agenda today is to portray a fantastic world, fill the lives with, fill the character’s lives with adventure, and to play to find out what happens. Speaking of what happens, what, what happened last time we played?

ART: Wait wait wait, I have, I have one more, I have a personal goal? And I feel like I should add that to the end of our group goals?

DRE: Uhuh?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Sure.

ART: And my, my personal goal is for, at some point, for, for an army of zombies to be coming at me and they’re just groaning ‘Wasting away in Margaritaville’.

AUSTIN: ‘Cause they’re actually wasting away. I see.

NICK: And then-

DRE: Yeah.

NICK: .. and then some are going ‘Saaaalt’.

ART: Saaaalt.

NICK: ‘Cause they’re looking for their lost shaker of salt.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: Uhuh.

DRE: I’m gonna not add onto this joke, I’m just gonna let it die.

AUSTIN: Andrew, what happened last week? Dre? What happened?.. Or, the last time we recorded.

DRE: Okay so we deci-, we decided that we had to go to the Mark of the Erasure. I don’t think Throndir is still one hundred percent certain why-

AUSTIN: That’s true.

DRE: ..Fantasmo and Hadrian are going to the Mark of the Erasure, but they started marching in there. We killed an owlbear! That was pretty rad.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: Then we ran into a cursed lake where there was like an ice monster?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: It was like, it was like a man, but he was made out of ice. I forget exactly how we killed it but I know Art punched it and I shoved a torch in it’s face, and some..

AUSTIN: It was the torch that did it, the torch that killed it. Yeah.

DRE: Yeah! Okay.

AUSTIN: Good work. 

DRE: So, so,, we killed it and then the, and the lake became less frozen. I mean, it’s still cold because it’s in the Mark of the Erasure-

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: ..But not less frozen. We made our way around the lake to a cabin where we found a old goblin man who let us in and explained to us the phenomenon of the nameless.

AUSTIN: Right. Which were..?

DRE: I’m gonna let, I’m gonna let someone else talk about the nameless.

DRE: Because I wanna see if anyone else remembers.

ART: Can, can we get a quick technical note? Is anyone else having people break up or is that my problem?

AUSTIN: No, I’m hearing a bit of that. I’m hearing a bit of that.

NICK: Yeah.

DRE: You broke up for me a little bit earlier Art, but everybody else was fine.

AUSTIN: We can just quickly re-host this call, If you want. Who is the best.. Like, Dre and Nick are probably more central than me?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Probably Nick.

NICK: Okay.

DRE: I can host.

ART: Oh sh-

KEITH: Boop.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Yeah.

DRE: Hey Keith, have fun editing that part!

AUSTIN: He’ll be fiiiine.

NICK: Sorry Keith, I love you.

AUSTIN: He’s a prooo… He’s a, he’s not a pro he doesn’t get paid for this. So then, the nameless that Dre just brought up. Does everyone remember who the nameless were and like what caused it?

ART: What caused it? No, I remember the, his older gods.. He had like fetishes of them.

AUSTIN: No that was something else actually. Those were just his older gods. The nameless were something else.

ART: I’m lost then.

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: Nick, you wanna give this a shot? Before I become a lore nerd.

NICK: I think it was they, it was caused by.. The, the elves.. No. That was a side effect of the, the elves in the erasure no longer speaking the names of their gods?

AUSTIN: That was part of it. That was, that was definitely a part of it.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: So, I’ll just do it so that Dre isn’t too much of a keener. There were these things called word eaters-

DRE: God, it’s grade school all over again.

AUSTIN: I know, it is. I listen, y’know, I don’t wanna shame Art or Nick, so..

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I mean, they should be ashamed. No, no they shouldn’t.

ART: I remember the cliffhanger.

AUSTIN: What was the cliffhanger?

ART: I, I couldn’t remember the name of, of my, of my deity.

AUSTIN: Right, and then Nick was also having some problems. What were your problems in general last game? Or Fantasmo’s problems?

NICK: Oh, I have to, Fantasmo forgot the invisibility spell.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: Or, or part of it. A, a major part of it so that Fantasmo has to concentrate to stay visible now.

AUSTIN: Right, and the key-

NICK: And when he’s invisible he’s in some other like parallel shadow dimension or something

AUSTIN: Right, yeah.. So briefly the name eaters, or sorry, the wordeaters were things that you were told kind of licked and sucked away at, and sometimes even ate, devoured whole words from people’s minds. And the nameless were the goblins who had lost their language and become kind of roving bands-

NICK: Oh right.

AUSTIN: ..of, of kind of drive, driven on instinct alone. They have a lost culture. And, and the person who told you that was.. The, the goblin, the old goblin man who kind of brought you guys in, and fed you, and gave you something warm to drink.

DRE: Yeah.

NICK: Did we ever learn his name?

AUSTIN: No one asked it. Which is, y’know..

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I’m just sayin’.

DRE: Ohh man, that is mmm. That’s disappointing.

ART: I mean-

DRE: Throndir wouldn’t ask, y’know..

NICK: Somebody would have asked.

AUSTIN: He thinks-

NICK: ‘Cause we were hanging out there for hours weren’t we?

AUSTIN: He th-

DRE: If anyone would have asked it would have been Hadrian.

NICK: I mean, we’re still there.

AUSTIN: You were hanging out there for a whole night. You slept there, yeah you..

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Last, the cliffhanger kicked in last time at like bedtime because, because it was Hadrian saying his, his goodnight prayer when he realised he’d lost the name of his god. Yeah, I think Hadrian had that like long extended chat with him, basically.

ART: Yeah.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you know his name is, his name is Mee kosh.

DRE: Mee kosh?

AUSTIN: Yeah. M E E space K O S H.

DRE: Okay.

NICK: That’s a good, good goblin name.

AUSTIN: It is a good solid name, solid name. The some of the other things just to kind of make sure that were back in this mode. You guys were in the middle of the, of the --And like to fill in some of the gaps here.You guys were in the Aldred pineland which are the which is the area around the, the Erasure where where it’s kind of .. cold in a way that the local climate shouldn’t be y’know. That’s that not just out of season but the, the weather here in general is just --You know this is out of place based on the, the weather in Velas which isn’t so far away. You, you know, Hadrian and Fantasmo that you’re there to head to one of the other marks that was on the map that you found in the first tower that you went to.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: And that is, was at the, the cent of where the Mark of the Erasure is here. And you’re headed deeper and deeper into the woods for that…. Aaand, I think that’s pretty much it, I think that’s all the other big stuff, I think that’s everything that..

DRE: There is, there is one thing that Mee Kosh said that I thought was interesting that Art or Nick seem to have forgotten.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: And that was Mee Kosh accused me of bringing the both of them to the erasure to be tortured by other snow elves.

AUSTIN: Yes. That is what happened.

ART: Oh yeah.

NICK: Oh yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s a goood point. This is what happens when our recording is two weeks apart.

DRE: I thought about letting it slip but..

ART: No I forgot that that day.

DRE: Yeah I know, like he said it and you all just let it go for the rest of that recording… And, while in character I would obviously never bring it up. I feel like that is, that is a point that could lead to some good, some, some good character building, so I didn’t want to let it just slip by the wayside.

AUSTIN: Good call.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Good call.

NICK: No, that’s a good, good thing to remind us. For sure.

ART: Well, we’ll be reminded when you start torturing us.

ART: Then we’ll be like ‘Oh! That dude warned us!’. 

DRE: That was the plan. Why did I ruin my plan??

NICK: Nooo.

AUSTIN: That’s what we call foreshadowing in the storytelling game. It’s just a character says ‘Oh, this other character’s gonna do this thing’, and then later he does it.

DRE: The ooold Chekhov’s gun and torture device.

AUSTIN: Right. The old Chekhov’s torture elf. 

DRE: Okay, you, look-

ART: It’s like the opposite of-

DRE: Man, we’re like ten minutes in and we already found the episode title-

AUSTIN: Boom! Nailed it. You’re welcome Keith. Keith doesn’t name these episodes, I do. I don’t know why Keith.. Okay… So you go to bed that night-

NICK: You’re welcome future Austin.

AUSTIN: Yeah I guess so. Oh, also in the future I changed my name to Keith, that’s why I said thank you Keith. That explains that. So again the last thing, kind of the last thing that is happening as you’re going to bed that night. One, this is the thing I also just left out that was: the nameless goblin did take the, this man’s cattle, which you heard.

DRE: Mmm. That’s right.

AUSTIN: Them like kind of braying and and calling for help and he kind of just let them go as if like ‘alright, this is just how it happens’. And the second thing was again that that Hadrian had forgotten the name of his god So I, I guess we should start there as as as Fantasmo drifts off to sleep and vanishes from existence-

DRE: Oh man.

AUSTIN: ..or, from view. Because when he isn’t asleep, because when he isn’t y’know conscious he can’t stay stay, stay focussed so he can’t stay visible.

DRE: Oh.. Oh man.

AUSTIN: But you know-

ART: He probably like comes in and out in his dreams in a really like fuckin’ weird to look at way.

AUSTIN: Ohh yeah.

DRE: Man! Yeah.

AUSTIN: Toootally. Hadrian-

DRE: Or like just bits and pieces of him fade in and out?

AUSTIN: Yeah, do you see that Hadrian since like, do you not sleep that night? 

ART: Right, no I don’t sleep… So yeah I guess, I guess that’s one of the things I watch is-

DRE: Wait wait wait, wouldn’t, wouldn’t you have to sleep though? Because one of your things was that your blessing was that you didn’t need the sleep but now that you can’t do your ritual do you have to sleep again?

AUSTIN: Well no, because his. No his, his.. His like vow to keep that benefit was to comfort those in need no matter who they are.

DRE: Mm.

AUSTIN: And, and it was forbidden to suffer an evil creature alive. So I think despite the fact that he’s lost this name, that effect is still in play.

DRE: Okay.

ART:: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I don’t think he’s --I think he even, I think you still at the moment probably feel a connection to you god and that’s kind of what makes not knowing the name so creepy.

DRE: Hmm.

ART: Right. Well it’s, its like, it’s like that feeling right? Like, I must feel like it’s on the tip of my tongue, right?

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: Like..

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah, you’re probably actually really close to it, right? Like, you’re, you’re going over other --You’re like: Samol? Samanta?

ART: Yeah, it’s-

AUSTIN: Samantine? 

ART: It’s three syllables, so-

AUSTIN: Samot? No, Samot’s that other guy. 

DRE: Yeah.

ART: It’s three syllables, I’ve heard it a lot. Like, Arggghhh. And it’s just like eight hours then probably, right?

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Just like sitting there, y’know like just like pounding my head against my own..

ART: Like not literally but like that like-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: ..endless frustration.

AUSTIN: Mhm, yeah definitely.

DRE: Yeah.

ART: And like probably a little bit of rationalising as we get toward morning and like this isn’t happening, right? It’s like, well you know the name is important but like my devotion is probably the most important thing.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: Y’know, we’re gonna get through this, me.

AUSTIN: So at some point --So yeah again, all through the night you see Fantasmo drifting in and out of existence. In this kind of --On his --I’m guessing you probably just have like --You’re all just sleeping on the floor, is what I envision. This guy has like-

DRE: Yeah, on whatever those rolls are, like bed rolls.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Honestly, this has been the best night of sleep you’ve gotten so far, right? Like you’re indoors, it’s fairly warm in here.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: You had something hot to eat that wasn’t what you’d expected to eat that morning, y’know? Like, that’s always a nice thing. So, let’s say it’s the next morning-

NICK: I mean, Fantasmo has long since like trained to to do simple prestidigitation in his sleep so he actually sleeps on a an air mattress? Basically he floats is what I’m saying.

AUSTIN: Does he have, does he have like a blanket on? Is there like a blanket effectively hovering over the ground where you’d be invisible?

NICK: Yeah I mean that would be part of the adventuring kit right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I think so, I think that’s fair. I think like your camping gear includes something.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Especially because like you know you’re going into a place that’s cold. Like, yeah you brought a blanket like.. 

NICK: Right, yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s fair. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So the light comes in, starts to come in through the frosted windows of, of Mee Kosh’s little hut.. and .. y’know Fantasmo and Throndir can, can kind of wake up bit by bit. I think Mee Kosh is probably up at dawn too. And like immediately leaves to go start doing, to go start cleaning up from last night like raid basically.

DRE: How, how-

ART: I mean I, I probably offer to help him if.. ‘Cause I’m just sitting there right?

AUSTIN: Mm. He like nods and like let you come out and there is blood from the-

DRE: Uuurgh.

AUSTIN: ..the cattle that kind of resisted. And you can see that you know there are some of the, there are definitely bits of the house that were like chopped into for fun and and you know just shit is pushed over. It’s just one of those --It’s like, it’s like teen vandals, y’know?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: It’s like uncontrolled id. And you can see that they like, they’ve been dragged off. Into the, into the snow. At a certain point you can like, you can like see where their footsteps are, and at a certain point the footsteps of these creatures stop and there’s just like drag marks. It’s like drag marks mixed with blood here and there.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: He just, so he goes about his like daily morning right which is like first he obviously he cleans up this mess. And then he goes to the back where it looks like he’s, he’s despite the cold weather is growing some sort of like tuber or something? And he actually like digs up a couple of like ice potatoes and is like-

DRE: Ah yeah!

ART: Mmm.

AUSTIN: He like feels it like to see how it’s doin’. Like, oh it’s pretty good. Actually that’s a good question, in general here, Throndir, what do people eat and drink? And like what, what’s food like here? Like, what are animals like here, like naturally?

DRE: Yeah. Ohh..

AUSTIN: What do you think?

DRE: I think like , I mean since it’s colder climate it’s a lot, it’s probably a lot of like, really you need a lot of calories. So it’s a lot of really dense food. So I’d imagine probably like a lot of red meat from like large animals, like you know bison or buffalo. Probably some game, you know, like a, like a moose or, or something like that. And then like really like dense, dense starch vegetables.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: So probably like things that keep for a while. So like onions and potatoes. Leaks.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: A lot of, a lot of stews, a lot of y’know, just, just stuff that you can eat quickly that will sustain you for a while.

AUSTIN: Mhm. So, I guess a little while later everyone’s up and and you know you guys can go about your journey if you want. What do you, what do you do?

NICK: How does, I actually I, I just thought of something. How does Fantasmo actually wake up if he is basically in a otherworldly sensory deprivation tank?

AUSTIN: I think you wake up naturally after your, you’ve slept like your whole night.

NICK: Okay, sure.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean? Like you’ve gotten your night of sleep.

NICK: Is that a thing p-, normal people do? ‘Cause I don’t, I don’t know if I’ve ever done that.

AUSTIN: Yeah if I, if you went to bed and didn’t set an alarm, like, you would still wake up at, at least-

NICK: I would sleep forever. Nope.

AUSTIN: You would sleep forever?

NICK: I would sleep forever.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo’s an elf, so, and elves have this thing where they wake up .

NICK: Yeah, okay.

AUSTIN: That’s the thing.

NICK: Sure. 

AUSTIN: I think but --That’s fine though, right? The Idea of that Throndir wakes up like early, y’know maybe not as early as Mee Kosh and obviously Hadrian didn’t sleep at all.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But that like Fantasmo is just like kicking it in bed for --On his hover bed, for an extra hour or two when other people are going about their morning. Is kind of in-character to him, right?

NICK: Sure, yeah totally.

DRE: Yeah. Like, like Throndir’s used to waking up and like doin’ the chores for the day like.. like people who grew up on a farm.

AUSTIN: The other way that this can work is at a certain point you hear, he makes the sound of a heavy sigh and the the invisible servant that you described to me the other day, remember? Or a couple weeks ago?

NICK: Oh yeah. Right.

AUSTIN: Could lean in and like shake you.. Awake.

NICK: Okay. I like, I like that better. Yeah, I like that.

AUSTIN: Yeah, let’s go with that, let’s go with that. Still gives you a little bit of time to sleep in. Y’know like, it’s, it’s still like.. It has to be so late as to where- 

NICK: Well-

AUSTIN: ..he thinks he can step in-

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: ..and not be a, a, you won’t be upset at him.

NICK: I’m still his master-

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: ..so he knows me.

AUSTIN: Exactly.

NICK: Yeah but, but also like Fantasmo’s probably a little startled.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Because he’s not used to seeing him.

AUSTIN: Right. And nothing else. 

NICK: Right, yeah.

AUSTIN: Right like, floating in a void of nothingness .

DRE: Mhm.

NICK: Just me and this little on-armed stone man. 

AUSTIN: And not even you. You can’t see yourself either 

NICK: Yeah true.

AUSTIN: Right like, you look down and you don’t have a body. You’re like an FPS character, you know?

DRE: You’re doom guy now.

AUSTIN: You are! So-

NICK: Man, I hope we don’t have to do any platforming.

AUSTIN: That would be bad. But yeah you, you’re able to bring yourself back into, into view, and being able to see things once you like shake off the morning and concentrate a little bit. But yeah I --Y’know Mee Kosh kind of explains that while he’s, he’s happy to to let you sleep here there just isn’t enough food to keep you here indefinitely. And you know, if, if you’d like to stay for one more day or so that’d be fine but y’know, he has to get back to work.

NICK: Yeah.

ART: I’m gonna, I’m gonna --I, I have questions.

DRE: Wait, I have questions too.

AUSTIN: Sure.

HADRIAN: I, I need to know, I need to know how to get, how to get words back.

MEE KOSH: Hmm... Very few.. have gotten their words back. Most.. most figure out how to live without them.

HADRIAN: I can’t I can’t do that.

MEE KOSH: Hmm. 

HADRIAN: I’ve, I’ve lost, I’ve lost a very important word.

MEE KOSH: Hmm. The elves maybe or.. Hmm.. If he knew still, Kindrali...

AUSTIN: Did we talk about Kindrali last time? I can’t remember if we talked about Kindrali.

NICK: It sounds familiar. I wanna say it’s..

DRE: Yeah?

NICK: ..someone that lives in a cave?

AUSTIN: Yes! Okay. He does live in a cave. So Kindrali, I think he explained to you last night, and if not let’s just say he did during this entire, overnight, during that long talk, that Kindrali-

DRE: No he did, I remember the name.

AUSTIN: Okay, Kindrali was he who remembers the day.

NICK: Oh right, yeah.

AUSTIN: And he has also become wordless, but only very recently. 

MEE KOSH: Hmm.. If he had his words Kindrali, Kindrali.

HADRIAN: I know, I know we’re on an important quest.. I know that that we we have, we have tasks ahead of us. And that we, we’ve promised powers both mundane and and divine that we would, we would accomplish them. But I, I’ve lost I’ve lost holy words.. And, and I need to, I need to go get them.

AUSTIN: You’re addressing the party here, right?

ART: Yeah, I’m addressing the party.

NICK: Oh..

FANTASMO: Of course! I have lost magic words.. I cannot stay in this strange, invisible weirdness.

DRE: Yeah I mean for Throndir he’s, he’s struggling with the, this idea that like what if he’s lost something his entire life? Like he doesn’t even know what’s missing.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Oh man, I didn’t even think about that.

DRE: So --’Cause he’s, he’s been living in the Mark of the Erasure his whole life. So he, he looks over to.. to Mee Kosh and says:

THRONDIR: Are you, are you gonna be okay? If they come back are you gonna be okay?

MEE KOSH: I know how to deal with them.

THRONDIR: Well, when we find when we find this Kindrali-

NICK: And then he throws a bunch of maces on the ground, or what?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: Right, yeah. He just pulls out an A-K and- 

AUSTIN: Yeah Blat!

ART: There’s no like polite way to be like: okay, but if you need the three of us to come back here and kill a thousand people-

DRE: Right.

ART: ..we can probably do that. 

DRE: You gave us dinner so now we’ll murder people for you. This is how, this is how agreements work in pen and paper.

AUSTIN: I think he can like, I think he’s smart enough to, to hear that like intent though, in your tone.

DRE: Yeah.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: And he just kind of does like a laugh, like a, like a

MEE KOSH: I know very old words.

DRE: Ooh.

ART: Ooh.

DRE: Well Throndir also says:

THRONDIR: Whenever we find this Kindrali and my friends get their words back, I have a lot of questions that I wanna ask you.

MEE KOSH: Hm… 

AUSTIN: And he kind of like Okay? Like y’know are you gonna stay? What’s up? What’re you doing?

ART: No I think we’re gonna-

DRE: No.

ART: Oh, I guess --Oh.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Like what, where’s this cave?

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: Like, can we get-

AUSTIN: He calls you back, he actually calls you back. And.. he.. he says --Mm. What would he call these? What would he call.. Mm. 

MEE KOSH: Skins, give me your skins. 

AUSTIN: And he points to your water skins, your wine skins.

ART: Oh. He doesn’t want us to step outside our bones?

AUSTIN: Right. But he, but you definitely have that thought for the brief moment, right? Oh right, goblins, he wants your skins. Right. 

DRE: Okay yeah, I give him my-

AUSTIN: Yeah, you give them over. He, he , he fills them with some sort of hot drink that he’s prepared. A sort of a tea, presumably. 

MEE KOSH: Mm.

AUSTIN: And he gives them all back. 

THRONDIR: What, what’re these for?

MEE KOSH: For, for you? It’s very cold.

AUSTIN: And he laughs like, snow elves. 

DRE: What’re you gonna do?

MEE KOSH: Travel well. Keep your important words close. But not too close. It’s how they get them. 

HADRIAN: Thank you.

NICK: Before, as we’re like walking away Fantasmo’s like trying to peer inside of his water skin.

NICK: To like analyse whatever it is. And then he just turns around and yells,

FANTASMO: You didn’t spit in this did you?

AUSTIN: A deep laugh.

DRE: Aw man.

AUSTIN: Like-

DRE: Gosh, you’re the best, buddy. 

AUSTIN: He’s a good guy. So you’re now, again, you’re, you’re past that lake. That kinds of cuts this area in two. And y’know, you know that south-east-ish is the direction you’re hoping to go, in general. Throndir you know that your group is also south-east in some direction. Like your old snow elf buds. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I guess you could probably see like, instead of south-east, to the south you can see some, some hills and. and low like mountains and foothills kind of. Which is maybe where a cave would be?

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: But there’s lots of caves. Y’know?

ART: Approximately where are we on this map?

AUSTIN: I’m gonna say.. like.. here.

ART: Okay.

DRE: Oooh.

AUSTIN: Which is, which is-

ART: That was a, that was a nice effect. 

AUSTIN: Yeah it’s a pretty good effect. Which is like, y’know fairly into the Era-, the, the --You’re near the part that hasn’t ever been mapped. Or hasn’t been mapped since the erasure, the event happened. Right? You’re getting there. So --Those aren’t me, the ones that just --Those lips were not me. ..But yeah. Like where your lines kind of stops on the map here. To the south-east of Velas, in past this, y’know --If everyone’s looking at the map that Janine made us, you’re --There’s the big burn mark around the actual bit of the map that’s burnt through. We’re in the burned part still. But quickly approaching where there’s no map at all.

DRE: I appreciate that you charted the meandering course that Hadrian took us on.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yep, uhuh. I had to. That is what happened.

ART: Look-

AUSTIN: That, is just honest.

ART: ..a lot of times when you’re travelling you just have to make right angle turns in the middle of the woods.

DRE: Uhuh?

ART: That’s an important part of travel.

DRE: Sure.

ART: You just, you walk a little bit-

AUSTIN: Is that one of your religious beliefs, or..?

ART: ..then you do a sharp left, then a sharp right, then another sharp right. ‘Cause you never know.

AUSTIN: Mhm. So which way do you guys go? Again, I think what he basically said was Kindrali could help you if he had his words, maybe the snow elves could help. But probably there’s problems there too.

DRE: Throndir just-

NICK: Oh I say let’s go and find Kindrali.

DRE: Yeah. That’s --Yep.

ART: I wanna go, go see what another god knows about words. Or whatever we’re calling this guy.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Yeah so, you can head --Again, I’m guessing the smartest thing you could do here would be to just head to the mountains.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s where caves are, right? Up against things?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I’d say you travel for about half the day.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: You leave fairly early, right? You leave by eight or nine in the morning, at the latest. And by one or two you’re at the, the kind of foothills of, of the mountain range that that is here. Kind of the --If you’re like, again, if you’re looking at the map. There are like low foothills coming across from like, you know where the archives are? To the east. 

NICK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Those are like real, like those are like Rockies, like those are like real mountains. This is like looow alpines like its, its probably smaller than the the Appalachian mountain chain. You know what I mean? So..

DRE: Okay.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: The kind of stuff that you’d find in in the north east. And.. I think on.. While you’re nearing there.. You start to see signs of other people’s activity. You see an axe, a kind of shoddy half, y’know, not half-built. Like an axe, it looks like an axe that was once well maintained and like a well-made axe that has since been jerryrigged to stay together at all. Y’know like, tied together with twine and rope from three different source. Dropped in the ground with blood on it’s, on it’s blade. You see an arrow stuck into a tree. And at one point you find the corpse of a goblin… It’s a, it’s a small leathery creature and, y’know, whatever vitality was once in it is now gone. It hasn’t frozen over yet, but there’s no warmth to the body as you approach it.

DRE: Hmm.

AUSTIN: But it’s skin has begun to, to already lose colour. 

DRE: So this is somewhat recent?

AUSTIN: Right, right.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Like, probably from today and not yester-, like, it didn’t freeze overnight. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Which it probably would have done. 

DRE: Does Throndir notice like any, is there like any tracks, or trails, or any clues of where whoever did this went?

AUSTIN: Do you have any moves about tracking stuff?

DRE: I have Hunt and Track. ‘When you follow a trail of clues left behind by passing creatures, roll plus WIS’.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and do that.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Sorry, I was far away from the mic there for a second.

DRE: It happens to the best of us.

AUSTIN: It does.

ART: On 10+ ease on down that road.

AUSTIN: That’s not it, that can’t be it. Is that it?

DRE: Oh good, I got a four. Perfect.

AUSTIN: Oh boy. Okay.

DRE: I’m gonna mark this xp really quick.

AUSTIN: Yep. There’s always.. Let me, let me get at my, your sheet.

DRE: Throndir, the best elven ranger that you could find this adventure.

AUSTIN: Listen, if you’re gonna have a ranger-

NICK: I mean, beggars can’t be choosers.

AUSTIN: This is true. This is true. Alright-

ART: Yeah you should see some of the jokes on the last trip.

AUSTIN: So I think you do follow, you do find a trail… You find.. So you see that beside the goblin’s feet there are, there are larger feet, that are, that were like chasing it. Like you recognise the f-, the.. you recognise the length and distance of, of running footsteps, right? It’s one of the things that you know as a ranger. And you can see that there had been a pursuit, and then it was struck down and left here. And then, you kind, you can, you can almost see it happening. Someone else kind of looked around, took a few paces in a couple different directions. And then you can almost see in their footsteps where they caught wind of their second bit of prey. 

DRE: Mm.

AUSTIN: Because then they pick up the pace and start sprinting in another direction and you begin to lead the party that way… It’s about, it's not like --I don’t wanna say that this is like the opposite direction of where you’re going. But now you’re going like parallel to the mountains. 

DRE: Sure.

AUSTIN: Instead of towards them. Right?

DRE: Mm.

AUSTIN: .. After about twenty minutes of walking you notice.. the sharp crack of a branch. What do you do? Let's say, let's say Throndir for this as he’s kind of leading the party, as a tracker here.

DRE: Oh man. A sharp crack of a branch?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: I would imagine he, he just out of instinct, he pulls for his bow-

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: ..and looks around to see where that noise is coming from.

AUSTIN: Give me a… give me a defy danger dexterity. 

DRE: Okay… Eleven!

AUSTIN: Nice.

DRE: What’s up!

AUSTIN: An arrow.. like flies just past your your face you dodge just in time. Like you like do one of those like, I’m looking around, I’m looking around, oh thats an ar-! dodge. Y’know like-

DRE: Yep.

AUSTIN: ..just in time. And then you hear the soft patter of footstep as, as whatever shot at you seems to disappear, The treeline here, like the trees here are dense to where there are directions that you can look and not see anymore. Or like, not see nature. Do you know what I mean? You just see trees, you just see --There’s no distance, you don’t see the horizon.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So it’s easy to get lost in here. Closer and closer to the mounds the more they open up and the, there’s more space. But here you can tell there are definitely, there’s a lot of place to hide if you know --Like you know how to hide in the in the woods. 

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: What do you do as a group here?

ART: Ooh! This can, I can --I think I’m going to I’m gonna, I’m gonna use a move.

AUSTIN: Uhuh.

ART: I’m gonna ‘I am The Law’ them. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: ..I

AUSTIN: Good-

ART: Oh this is going to be hard not knowing the name of my-

AUSTIN: It sure is! Let's see if you can do it at all!

ART: I have to give an order based on divine authority.

AUSTIN: Uhuh?

ART: I can do this. 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Names aren’t important, some religions you can’t even use the name.

AUSTIN: Uhuh..

DRE: Yeah. Throndir’d doesn’t know any names.. So…

ART: Well that doesn’t-

HADRIAN: Tell me, why I’m forgetting information I don’t remember. 

AUSTIN: Mhm.

HADRIAN: I am the, I am-

ART: Oh, I wish I had that stupid list of my dumb titles. 

HADRIAN: I am.. I am Hadrian, vessel of the divine king, ruler of this land, now.. again and forever. I demand that you show yourselves.

AUSTIN: Is there a roll associated with this?

ART: There is. I was wondering if you were gonna say ‘and that doesn’t work’. I was gonna-

AUSTIN: Nope! That works. That’s, that fits your, your need. Oh! Nice. You did it.

ART: Oh I, one thing.

DRE: Wow.

ART: Alright, so I get a, I get a plus one forward so they can: do what I say, show themselves-

AUSTIN: Uhuh.

ART: ..back away cautiously and flee, which might show themselves-

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: ..or attempt to attack me, which probably makes them show themselves.

AUSTIN: Right, right.. Hmm… You hear them, you hear. Here’s what I’ll give you with, with that. You actually hear voices and you ear like in, in a kind of.. Like this is a common tongue because Throndir speaks it. Throndir you didn’t, you didn’t learn like the Valeysian language when you moved there, right? Do you also know secret snow elf language? Is there a, is there a different snow elf language.

DRE: Yeah I feel like there probably is a snow elf language.

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: I would say-

AUSTIN: That makes sense. That makes like a lot of sense for there have to, to have been. 

DERL Yeah but I feel like they probably speak it in the way that there is like a special language for like some of like the Mennonite-esc communities that live in Pennsylvania.

AUSTIN: Riiiight. Right.

DRE: So like he, he speaks it because like it is taught to him because its an important part of his culture. 

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: But I don’t think that is like their primary tongue. 

AUSTIN: But how would they know the modern language? Because they’ve been cut off, right? Like they’ve been living in this place for hundreds of years.

DRE: Right. I feel like-

AUSTIN: Their language would have been a different thing than the, the language in Velas or anywhere else, right?

DRE: Yeah. But I feel like the, they originally founded it like after the Erasure.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: And I feel like after the erasure things like their original language would have like-

AUSTIN: Wait. Actually so that’s a question. I thought they formed it beforehand?

DRE: No.

AUSTIN: That was like very --The original pitch to me was --And we’ll get there today, I hope.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Was that it was a response to --That they had been, that they were doomsday hoarders.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Was what your pitch was to me.

DRE: In my mind they had done that after the Erasure happened-

AUSTIN: Mm.

DRE: ..and that was like their response. Like, well everything went to crap and the only way that we’re gonna be able to surve is if we, y’know, stick to our roots.

AUSTIN: Right. See my thing there though is like doomsday hoarders prepare beforehand.

DRE: That’s true.

AUSTIN: That’s why they l-, that’s why they imagine they live through the doomsday. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean? Is, is-

DRE: Yeah. No, I can see, I can see that for sure.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean? But maybe they didn’t codify, I don’t know that the society existed. I don’t think that they were like, they weren’t a community of doomsday hoarders beforehand, y’know?

DRE: Right.

AUSTIN: Like they were-

DRE: Or like there were probably like a couple that did this-

AUSTIN: You’re right, you’re right.

DRE: ..and they were like deep like crazy people. 

AUSTIN: Right. Yes.

DRE: But then they’re the ones that made it.

AUSTIN: Yes, yes that’s what I think is the-

NICK: They could also have very well, it could be that like, y’know the Erase.. we, we’ve never.. really.. defined it.

DRE: No.

AUSTIN: We haven’t. We should, yeah.

NICK: So, but.. It’s possible that the erasure is a thing that happened over time.

AUSTIN: Right, totally, it could have been, you’re right.

NICK: So there was some, maybe there were some clues that they saw or thought they saw.

AUSTIN: What I will say is there are, I think that there is a canon, there’s a canonical --Inside of the snow elf community, inside of, of their, their, y’know, their civilisation is they were prepared. Right?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Whether or not they were or what Nick said which is probably closer to the actual historical truth.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Right? Which is like, there’s a, there’s was all the shit that was going down, it was really terrible. And bit by bit they coalesced into a community and, and gathered extra stuff and sealed themselves away. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I think that the canonical like th, the re-, the almost religious historical view, the myth, of this place is No one else was ready. But we were. Right?

DRE: Yeah, yeah absolutely.

AUSTIN: And I will say right now that, that is-

DRE: And we always will be.

AUSTIN: Right, right exactly. That is not exactly as true as.. as they would hope, y’know? There is a bit of this stuff that we’ll get to.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But yeah I think Nick I think you’re probably right. And in general we should think about that going forward with the Erasure. Is that it wasn’t just a snap your finger thing, necessarily, and now everything’s bad. Y’know, it wasn’t just the bombs dropped, right, like-

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Some of the best post-apocalyptic fiction zooms in on that soon after moment. And like okay to what degree can we recover this, to what degree is this lost, to what degree do we maintain control, etcetera… So.. so yeah. SO yeah anyway, you hear them talking in their snow elf tongue. Which I guess, I guess you know for the sake of ease is not the common tongue today, but you can hear roots and stuff.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Right like you can hear how it could have once been --Its, it’s a language that isn’t so far off that you don’t understand any of it at all, y’know? But you hear that they’re just anxious and panicked at hearing you shout, and you hear a number of people fleeing into the woods. Hectically, almost, y’know, if you go to look at all Throndir you can see that there’s a bunch of different feet here from five or six people who were were here.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And you can find all their tracks backwards to see that they’d been tracking you for quite some time.

DRE: Hmm. But I heard them speaking snow elf language.

AUSTIN: Right. And you --What they were saying was basically just like:

SNOW ELF: They’re onto us, run!

SNOW ELF 2: Cheese it!

AUSTIN: Y’know. Like nothing-

DRE: It’s the holy fuzz!

AUSTIN: Exactly. But nothing specific about his god. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Right like they didn’t say ‘Oh no it’s Samotheses dude’.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like not at all. It was just.. Yeah..

DRE: Well they wouldn’t know why they’re compelled to do that, they just know that they are.

AUSTIN: Right, exactly.

NICK: So was it-

ART: It’s interesting to think about whether or not that transcends language.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: Or how that works at all.

AUSTIN: Mhm?

ART: But that’s a, that’s really a conversation for a different time.

AUSTIN: That’s a conversation for like our afterparty, like aftergame wrap. Like when we wrap this campaign we’ll have like a big ‘oh here’s some stuff that we never really worked out, but here’s some ideas!’.

DRE: Yeah.

ART: I just, I’ve had revelation recently about like shit we should definitely know but we don’t know. And like I just don’t know what to do with that, like I guess i should talk to you about it at some point.

AUSTIN: Yeaah. I don’t-

ART: But like there’s stuff that, that I’m like really weirdly.. Yeah.

AUSTIN: What I’ll say is this isn’t --It’s, for me, It’s exciting that you don’t know that yet.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And think about that and tell me what you think you don’t know and we’ll work it out in play, Because like unlike --Art, y’know you and I played in, in Legend of the Five Rings campaigns in college for years. And we had this huge catalogue of information to draw on and that’s great, but here I’d rather like --The strength of Dungeon World is that we get to play it by ear and invent that stuff as it goes along. Last week’s game with, with Ali, Jack and Keith went really well because we left a lot of blank spaces on the map and were able to play with that really well when push came to shove. You know what I mean? Like when, when we had to invent something new we ended up in a place that was awesome. So, so-

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: I like those questions b-

ART: Sure. No, no I’m not tryna like-

AUSTIN: No, I understand.

ART: ..push us towards over-definition.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: But like there’s some stuff that’s like. Oh we have all this stuff, and it’s like but, but... but... what happened, what, what happened to the government when all of this happened?

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: Is there a government? Is someone sitting on a throne thinking they’re king somewhere?

AUSTIN: What I’ll say is I also, just so you guys know, I, I have a looong document with a lot of things you’ve not seen yet. So I’m excite-

DRE: Wooords.

AUSTIN: That’s what I’m saying.

DRE: Now I’m excited.

ART: Buy the collector’s edition of Friends at the Table, and..

DRE: If you go to our Patreon and donate.

AUSTIN: Maybe one day, we’ll see. I doubt it, but.. Alright, so.. now that you’ve scared that group off what do you do?

NICK: Was it obvious, was it obvious to Fantasmo and Hadrian that they fled? 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah, absolutely.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: That was the, like, that’s kind of, I’m giving you that on Art’s success here, on Hadrian’s success. It’s clear that he terrified them. 

NICK: Alright.

AUSTIN: This was a, this was a, his, his strength of voice and, and maybe his god, terrified them.

NICK: As soon as, as soon as Fantasmo starts like hearing their footsteps through the underbrush he tries to prestidigitate like lightning above his head.

NICK: And, and says..

FANTASMO: Yes foul creatures of the forest! Yooouuu will run from the Great Fantasmooo!!

AUSTIN: Great.

ART: Yeah we all saw that one. That’s what happened.

DRE: Yep.

AUSTIN: You get to-

DRE: Throndir whispers

THRONDIR: They, they’re elves. They’re elves, they’re just elves, Fantasmo. It's elves, they’re not-

FANTASMO: Well whatever, they’re gone now. Thanks to me.

AUSTIN: So at some point you, you’re able to make it to the mountain range, the kind of low mountains of of the Mark. And.. there are a lot of caves right like there’s lots of, you can see up in the hills there lots of stuff. Are you looking for anything in particular to like know where you’re headed here?

DRE: Yes, I would, I would also say that after realizing that, that snow elves know that they’re here, and particularly that he’s here. Throndir is very much on edge. 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: He is very much like agitated, like always like looking over his back.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: Like he is, he is visibly on edge right now.

AUSTIN: Mhm. You can tell that there’s a sort of, what I’ll say is as scared as you would be if you were out here by yourself. I think that there is also a degree of relief because now you’ve seen Throndir, or now you’ve seen Hadrian, and Fantasmo kind of like show their scary voices. Y’know?

DRE: Yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: Whoever saved the day, I don’t know, I don’t know what Throndir thinks actually scared them off.

DRE: Yeah. Well I don’t think, I don’t think -- He’s not like afraid. Like he’s not afraid for his life.

AUSTIN: Okay. I got you.

DRE: He’s not like worried he’s in danger he’s just like, I don’t, those are the last people that I want to see right now.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

DRE: I really don’t want to deal with them. There’s a reason I decided to go on a wild goose chase into a cave instead of talk to my people.

AUSTIN: Right. So are you just spending the rest of the day kind of looking for signs of where to go here? Like, what are you doing?

DRE: Yeah.

ART: It’s, It’s hard because like y’know Hadrian’s had a very urban upbringing. Like, I don’t think he even begins to know like, oh yeah that’s a cave that, that’s someone’s living in. 

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ART: But like, there’s gotta be some-, like there’s gotta be something. And maybe he’s just like y’know peeking into caves- Like well there’s.. nothing.. there’s nothing on the outside 

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: I would, I would imagine --Oh, go ahead man.

NICK: Did, did we get directions from Mee Kosh?

AUSTIN: Mee K-, oh he didn’t know. He said he’s --He told you last time that he was living in a cave now somewhere.

NICK: Just like in caves in that direction?

AUSTIN: In that d-, in that direction. From what he hears. Do you know what I mean?

DRE: Yeah.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: And to be clear the idea was he didn’t used to. Right like, he use to not be a man who lived in a cave. This is not his natural habitat.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: Whatever happened to him drove him here. 

DRE: Yeah… I would-

AUSTIN: Throndir, you might have a little bit of something you’re not remembering because it was two weeks ago?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you --What do you remember about the owlbear confrontation?

DRE: I remember it, it messed me up.

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: It hit me real bad.

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: It tried to suplex my dog. 

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: I remember --Oh! Right, I remember Mee Kosh said that the owlbears had been driven like away from where they normally lived because of the nameless.

AUSTIN: You knew that. You actually just knew that. You knew that from the actual fight with the owlbear. You knew that like wait this area doesn’t show any signs of owlbear hunting. Like, this isn’t its nat-, this isn’t where it normally hunts. This isn’t it’s hunting ground, it’s been driven here. 

DRE: Yeah. Which shouldn’t happen, thinking about owlbears, they’re..

AUSTIN: So --You shouldn’t and also I’m gonna tell you something else.

DRE: I’m gonna guess this is where owlbears normally hang out. They probably hang out in mountain caves.

AUSTIN: Maybe specifically even, even specifically this, that one that you fought, this might have been it’s area. And now it isn’t. So one thing you might want to look for are things like y’know owlbear stuff. I don’t what like, what do owlbears- Owlbear leavings? Like f-

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Poop? And feathers?

DRE: Well if I, if we’re looking for a cave where someone is holed up. Wouldn’t we like, wouldn’t we be looking for a conspicuous lack of owlbear stuff?

AUSTIN: No, this is what I’m s-, this is the thing I’m trying to hint at here, like.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Which is: there used to be an owlbear in this place. 

DRE: Ooooh okay. Gotcha.

ART: And this guy just like muscled this owlbear out?

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Which should say something, given the strength of that owlbear.

DRE: Right. So I-

ART: I remember killing that owlbear.

DRE: Yeah. So, so Throndir is using his, his ranger skills to see if he can’t-

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: ..track some, some owlbear signs here.

AUSTIN: Right, yeah and you basically are able to find a kind of reverse trail. Right like, you can see it, you in fact can tell that it wasn’t just driven away from like --You can find a trail of it being driven away from place after place after place. That it was like ‘okay if I have to move I’ll move down a couple caves’. And then like 'I guess I have to move down further’.

DRE: Oh okay.

AUSTIN: Like oh okay keep forcing me away further and further and further. 

NICK: Interesting.

AUSTIN: Until eventually he just fled. But you’re able to track it back to one cave that, y’know, that eventually you can find. You know, you do find a clutch of feathers that have been torn out, that are stuck in like a nearby tree. And again I’m kind of imagining this cave, or, I’m imagining these mountains as being grey and snow covered.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: With a few pine trees on them, y’know? It’s a hard, it’s hard to walk here. But you’re a-, y’know, every once in a while you’re able to find like a plateau that you’re able to like step, step on.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: There are kind of tiers here. But you make it to this cave and it’s not that different from any of the other ones. You couldn’t like pick this one out, this isn’t like extra big or something. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But.. as you --I guess you’re at the mouth. You stare in, you don’t see the end of this cave. What do you do?

DRE: Oh boy..

NICK: Like, because its-

THRONDIR: Fantasmo, do you have anything that can light this up?

AUSTIN: Because it’s deep is what I’m, sorry, is what I’m trying to explain.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Like, the sunlight, the natural sunlight doesn’t reach deep enough into here.

FANTASMO: Yeah I can, I can light stuff up.

NICK: I’m pretty sure that’s covered under..

AUSTIN: That’s one of your, your main thing right?

DRE: Also, Austin is Kodiak doing anything? Is he, he’s just..

AUSTIN: Kodiak was definitely helping you track here. I think there’s lot’s of barking. Unless you’re telling him to be quiet. Like, back when the, when the elves had shown up, you were probably like ‘shhhh’ and he was like 'Okay’

DRE: But he’s not like freaking out about the cave or anything? Like, he doesn’t-

AUSTIN: Right no. Uhh.. I think, hmm. There’s a low growl that you’re attuned to hear.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean? Like, he’s on his guard.

DRE: Yeah, something is in there. 

AUSTIN: He? Kodiak’s a he?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Have we decided on this?

DRE: I think so, yeah. Yeah. He is. 

AUSTIN: Yeah you have a light cantrip that you can cast.

NICK: Yeah, yeah I just found that.

AUSTIN: Give me a roll on that, go ahead and, and..

NICK: Okay. I need to..

ART: Hadrian’s bracing himself

NICK: I need something to light. Oh wait, I should be in character.

FANTASMO: I need someone to volunteer an item on which I can cast a light spell.

DRE: I can-

NICK: Fantasmo says as he like puts his staff behind his back.

AUSTIN: I was gonna say, yeah wait a second!

DRE: I’ve got an idea, hold on!

ART: I literally don’t have anything.

DRE: Throndir undoes Kodiak’s collar that has his nametag on it and holds it up.

NICK: Oh okay.

FANTASMO: A clever idea.

NICK: And then here is my --Where is the button to do that? There we go. Oh wait it’s --I’m not stunned anymore am I?

DRE: If you light my dog on fire, I swear.

AUSTIN: No you should still be stunned. This is on-

NICK: Oh right yeah, ‘cause that stunned is from..

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: Yep yep yep. Okay.

AUSTIN: But that’s still a roll-

NICK: I’ve rolled an eight.

AUSTIN: Okay so, so you can choose to either forget that spell or take a minus one forward etcetera. What do you, what do you choose?

NICK: Jeez, I was almost gonna say forget that spell but if I do that here..

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: I do have a torch. Throndir also has a torch.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

NICK: Well, it’s, it’s too late I already cast it.

AUSTIN: Yeah we have to stick with the-

DRE: Well I know. No I’m not saying that because like ‘oh no, takebacksies’.

AUSTIN: I have a --Right.

NICK: Oh.

DRE: I’m saying like, we’re not completely screwed.

AUSTIN: So, so yeah, which of these three? You draw unwelcome attention to yourself or put yourself in a spot -

NICK: I’m gonna, I’m gonna forget it.

AUSTIN: Okay. This feels like, extra scary for you when you do forget it.

NICK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Like, this --Forgetting spells is a day to day thing for you, right?

NICK: Right, right.

AUSTIN: Like, this is part of your life but-

NICK: Well, not necessarily day to day, because like-

AUSTIN: Right right right right right. We talked about your, your history

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: But like, when you’re adventuring you know that this is a thing that happens.

NICK: Fantasmo doesn’t practice magic.

AUSTIN: Right. 

NICK: He is a theorist.

AUSTIN: But this is especially scary for you.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Because it’s --You know what that means here. You know what forgetting means here.

NICK: Yep.

AUSTIN: The light is --What colour is it?

NICK: ..It’s, it’s like a, a pale blue.

AUSTIN: Okay. It lights the, the.. cave pretty well, and as you go deeper and deeper into the mountains you can see why someone might have chosen this. Which is that it it twists and winds in a way that is off putting? But not necessarily confusing. Right? This isn’t a maze, there aren’t lots of splintering paths, but after about ten minutes of walking you realise that like you don’t really know where you are in the mountain anymore. If that makes sense. 

NICK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: You notice as you get closer and closer.. Bodies here and there. First a couple of snow elves, their bodies smashed into each other. Mangled together. Left to rot. Then a couple of goblins, their heads missing. Spat against the far wall.

ART: Wait, let, let me see where my levels are... I might actually be at an appropriate -Ah! Fuckin’ fuck!

[AUTUMN11]

KEITH: The only thing Ali needs to be concerned about is talking too quietly and then also laughing too loudly

AUSTIN: OK

ALI: I do both of those things

KEITH: Ali is the only one who is consistently both too quiet and too loud

AUSTIN: And also too loud?

KEITH: Yeah, usually it's like everything Art is saying is way too loud everything Jack is saying is way too quiet. With Ali its–

AUSTIN: Which you can fix

KEITH: Which I can— Well I cannot fix too loud.

JACK: None of you have ever visited Britain, right?

AUSTIN: uh-uh

KEITH: No, never

JACK: Well, here's a true fact. For you guys British are about this big.

KEITH: Oh, so it's just—

AUSTIN: Comparatively.

KEITH: Which means you have less power in your lungs, to move that air.

JACK: Right, yeah, it's harder for us, yeah, absolutely.

AUSTIN: Because your lungs are like the size of that candy I showed off earlier

KEITH: What a struggle it must be, to be British.

JACK: You see how big this candy is?

AUSTIN: Oh those are good, I like those a lot!

KEITH: What is that, that looks like a sour patch kid.

AUSTIN: No, I think it's like one of those like sour cola—yeah, Haribo—wait, that's just an American candy.

JACK: We have those but they're just made smaller for us.

AUSTIN: Because you're tiny people. It's convenient too, because cans of soda are just as big as you. So this makes the soda experience—

KEITH: Yeah, Austin have you ever been to like Wal-Mart and you see like there's the cans of cokes and there's the cans of cokes that are like slightly smaller. They just keep—

JACK: We could live in one of those.

KEITH: —they just keep descending in size until you're like, is that a battery of is that a coke can.

AUSTIN: Or is that a person.

KEITH: That might be a camera battery.

AUSTIN: Okay. Are we good? Are we ready? Are we gonna time dot is?

KEITH: We're absolutely gonna time dot is.

JACK: Okay, I'm gonna load up time dot is.

KEITH: This is gonna be very good for an intro.

AUSTIN: Oh my God.

JACK: Didn't we find out that time dot is was broken?

KEITH: No, we found out that—Jack?!

AUSTIN: Jack! Do not—

KEITH: Jack, do not test me!

KEITH: Here's what we found out—

AUSTIN: The gall of this man! His lungs are small; his gall very, very big.

KEITH: He has a much higher gall to lung ratio than most people.

AUSTIN: Hey everyone—

KEITH: Hey.

AUSTIN: —welcome to Friends at the Table. We're an actual play podcast focussing on critical world building, smart characterisation, and fun interaction between good friends. We're playing Dungeon World still, we've been doing this now for a couple of weeks. Dungeon World is a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel. It's a hack of a game called Apocalypse world which is a game by D. Vincent Baker. Joining me today we're going back to the group of Alicia Acampora. Where can people find you Alicia?

ALI: I'm ali_west on Twitter.

AUSTIN: Can you speak up a little bit?

ALI: I am ali_west on Twitter.

AUSTIN: Also joining me is Keith Carberry. Keith where can people find you?

KEITH: Hi my name's Keith Carberry, you can find me on Twitter @somethingdumb, and you can find let's plays that I do at youtube.com/runbutton or runbutton.net

AUSTIN: And as always we're joined by the stylings of Jack de Quidt.

AUSTIN: The narrative stylings of Jack de Quidt.

JACK: The terrible narrative stylings—you can find me on Twitter @notquitereal and at my game studio's website, thetalltreesgames.co.uk.

AUSTIN: As always I want to start off by repeating what the agenda of Dungeon World is. It is to portray a fantastic world. To fill the characters' lives with adventure. And to play to find out what happens. I also just want to start off by—let's do a quick recap. What happened—what were like the big picture events from last time we played, cause it's been two weeks since we recorded as a group.

JACK: And six months since you heard us last.

AUSTIN: At our current rate that sounds about right, we are building quite a buffer of episodes. So a recap is what I was asking. What happened last time? Big picture stuff?

KEITH: Hm. Hella made a bad choice.

AUSTIN: Well, we'll get to that. Let's situate things.

KEITH: Yeah, so from what I remember is that we were having a boat party with Calhoun.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. Why were you doing that?

KEITH: Going down to my neck of the woods. The name, which I cannot remember, it's Rose...

AUSTIN: Rosemarrow.

KEITH: Rosemarrow, right.

AUSTIN: You should be able to look at the screen and see it.

KEITH: Yeah, I have two things on top of that right now.

AUSTIN: I see.

KEITH: Because I'm still doing level stuff. We were going to Rosemarrow. Calhoun was wasted out of his gourd, he was messed up. And we said, hey, let's go down to Rosemarrow, you can get some gold. You can get way less gold than you think you're gonna get, cause you're drunk. And when we're down there we met some horrible undead pirates. The undead spawn of the pirate murdered by Hella. And when we were fighting them we were not doing terribly. Not doing great. And one of them offered us an out. I think it might have been, what was his name, Brandice?

JACK, ALI and AUSTIN: Brandish.

KEITH: Brandish.

ALI: He reappeared.

KEITH: Captain of the Kingdom Come. He offered us a deal: We can all go if we give him Calhoun.

AUSTIN: And Hella decided to go—

KEITH: And Hella decided to go for it.

AUSTIN: And we had a big talk about alignment, and I hope all of that actually does stay—

KEITH: Yeah, that'll stay.

AUSTIN: —because I think that was an important talk.

KEITH: That stuff is important, yeah.

AUSTIN: And then Ali and I have since talked about Hella's alignment and alignment in general, and what a weird system alignments are, and like, the limitations of it. I take a little bit of—what's the word I'm looking for—

KEITH: Are you looking for umbrage or the opposite of umbrage?

AUSTIN: I take a little bit of umbrage in the idea that Hella that made a bad decision, I think she made an interesting decision.

KEITH: I don't think that Hella made a bad decision, I think Ali made a bad decision. 

AUSTIN: I don't think Ali made a bad decision at all! That's way worse, Keith.

KEITH: I'm just kidding, no you're absolutely right, it was not a bad decision—

AUSTIN: Hmm. Hmm.

KEITH: —it was just a new thing that we're doing now.

AUSTIN: And it's a thing that I think is useful for two things. One, it helps us think about ways in which the alignments play out. One of the things that Ali and I discussed later was like, well there are other evil ways that that could have gone that weren't just the betrayal of Calhoun or whatever. But the other reason I think it's interesting is that—I left that game and then spent two weeks really nervous about what we would do next, because in the end we'd kind of created stakes that—Ali I think just dropped out the call.

KEITH: Jack is also—

JACK: No, I'm here. I'm just being still. 

KEITH: Jack was just practicing stillness.

AUSTIN: So, the other reason I think that was interesting—

JACK: Wait, is Ali...

AUSTIN: She just drop again?

KEITH: Ali's back.

ALI: I very much want to hear this conversation.

AUSTIN: Yeah I know, me too. That's why I'm waiting until you're legit back. So, the other reason I think that it was an interesting decision or an interesting moment is because it kind of spurred me on to talk something else, right, so I kind of left that game concerned that I wouldn't be able to live up to it because we ended up producing stakes for the characters that I hadn't anticipated and that required me to think about the world in a different way and then for like two weeks I stressed about it. I had something in mind for this group. Or I didn't have something in mind, right, like I'd moved off this idea that there was just one direction you could go. But I didn't know what the consequences would be for you guys to go after Calhoun if that's what you wanted to do, and that means, like, a lot of work for me but also really good work. At the end of the day it made me really love Dungeon World because when you look at the book as it's written it gives GMs a lot of tools to work through these sorts of questions, right? Like, there are principles, besides the agenda that I always read, at the beginning there are principles which I read from the very, very, very first episode, the character creation, world gen episode. And a couple of those really came in handy here. Name every person which obviously came up in the middle of that fight, when Lem was engaged in fearsome combat with Emmanuel, the would-be patisserie chef.

KEITH: Oh, patisserie chef, that's a good word.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Ask questions and use answers, which is that moment where Keith kind of decided that those pirates were undead pirates. 'Yeah, yeah wait those are undead, they're probably undead'. Be a fan of the characters really made me think through what your relationships were to each other. To other factions in the world and made me interested in what would happen in this next adventure we're about to start off on now. There's a principle that is begin and end with the fiction, which is like 'hey what happens in the fiction also happens in the rules', and that helped me understand a lot about what the NPCs you'll be dealing with in the coming, y'know adventure, will be about, and how they work and also just again thinking about Brandish and his crew of undead pirates, like, what's that mean for them both fictionally and mechanically. And then the last thing is think off-screen too, which we talked about at the end of the last game, that the world keeps moving even when you're doing thing A, thing X could be happening. But it also means, and this is what I eventually got down to, was like y'know it's easy for me to talk about Brandish the undead pirate captain on the ship, but it's way harder to extend that outwards and think about what it means to be an undead pirate captain in the world of Hieron. And like—

JACK: Oh it's a hard life

AUSTIN:—and like to work through that. Well is it? So that was like a big inspiration, was 'okay, let me situate this character off-screen'. When he's off-screen what is that life?

JACK: Yeah, cause he's not just gonna—

AUSTIN: We're gonna, you'll see.

KEITH: He's not meeting Hella again every day.

AUSTIN: And he doesn't not exist. He exists inside of something which we'll get so. So all that stuff, coupled with the front system, which lets you develop different kinds of dangers and NPCs and factions and motivations, really helped me work through the problem of where do we take this game from here. So if you are GMing a game of any kind, not just Dungeon World, check out this book, or check out Vincent Baker's Apocalypse World, both of which are filled with really good writing, which you can generalise for GMing in general—of any type of game—that encourage you to engage with your players, your characters, your worlds and really drag the best stuff out of them. Over the last week when I've been doing prep for this game it really pushed me to develop those ideas and not let them just be like 'oh yeah, Brandish is gonna be that pirate who bugs them every now and then', like now I understand who he is and like what's happening and that is such a key part of building this world. So with that I wanna just jump into it because I don't wanna oversell my hand and I also don't want to get into the big philosophy of gaming discussion until we've had this thing and—I wanna see if it hits, y'know.

KEITH: I do wanna add one more thing.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: When I say Hella made a bad decision I'm not mad at Ali, I'm pushing Fero's agenda—

ALI: 

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: —who is upset because Calhoun is his boat party bro.

AUSTIN: Right, yep, okay. So, how long has it been since that last fight? How long do you think it took you guys to recoup and recover and fix up the ship and get up to a point where you guys can do stuff again?

KEITH: I don't know how damaged the ship was—

AUSTIN: There were some cannon shots, it was bad, like it wasn't about to sink but it was not good, y'know. It wasn't seaworthy in the sense you could go on a long—you wouldn't have been able to go straight to Rosemarrow from there.

KEITH: Okay, cause in my head we were just going to be on a messed up ship so—

AUSTIN: I mean that's fine.

KEITH: If we—I mean do you guys want to have repaired the ship or do you want to be on a messed up ship right now.

ALI: There's some time sensitivity here, right?

AUSTIN: There is.

KEITH: Yeah. Cause in my head it like the next morning and we were gonna decide from that next morning like—

AUSTIN: Okay well let's do that then, let's say okay, it's the next morning, and through a sort of, y'know, a power vacuum, the three of you have at this point—y'know you were already kind of guiding this ship on this journey and the remaining people on it—remember many of whom are not sailors, many of whom are just partygoers—

KEITH: Oh God, the worst party!

AUSTIN: Right, it's the worst party—

KEITH: It's the worst party.

AUSTIN: You've really ruined—you're just buzzkills really. But, you're in a position of power still with Calhoun gone and even his crew, y'know, some of his crew has been killed, they've been lost, they've been thrown overboard. Y'know that next morning there is still blood in the water. There are still corpses to be dealt with. What do you do?

JACK: Um. So Hella, you wanna go back for Calhoun, right?

ALI: Um, sure? But I don't wanna go back for Calhoun as much I wanna go back for Brandish.

JACK: Okay. So, I would be prepared to defer to Hella as standing captain in this instance, here, seeing as this sort of seems to be like your mission. Um... But if that's not something that you wanna do... I dunno... It sort of feels like Hella made a decision here and I would be prepared to go with her in that regard.

ALI: Okay. Cause I was thinking it was sort of the opposite where like she made this call and then Lem and Fero were like really upset about it.

JACK: Yeah, but at the same time it's sort of like... I dunno. To put bluntly we are not like big fighting characters and I don't know whether or not we could do this on our own like, I don't know whether or not we could go like, 'oh yeah Hella, we're er just off to um, to get get Cal—yeah okay good'.

KEITH: I mean I wouldn't necessarily call me not a big fighting character.

ALI: Yeah you could become a big bear.

KEITH: I could be a big bear and I do thirty percent more damage.

AUSTIN: As a big bear.

KEITH: As a big bear. So Greggy, our pal Greggy—

AUSTIN and JACK: Mm.

KEITH: We mustn't forget him. How long did he give us to get back to him with the tower stuff?

AUSTIN: He said two to three weeks—

KEITH: Two to three weeks.

AUSTIN: —he'll be back in two weeks and just wait for you is what he said—

KEITH: For a week okay.

AUSTIN: —but, but, yeah exactly.

JACK: I've just had an ill-advisable idea.

KEITH: Okay.

JACK: Austin, what's the sort of like contact network in this world? Is there a postal system, do we have carrier pigeons, how does it work here?

AUSTIN: I don't think you have access to whatever it is—

JACK: We don't have access to any sort of pigeons?

AUSTIN: Not in the middle of the ocean, no.

ALI: I mean you're also like wanted wanted right now—

AUSTIN: Yes.

ALI: —so I think we would wanna risk that.

JACK: All I'm suggesting is we just tell Greggy—

AUSTIN: I suspect—

JACK: —that we're on our way to get the 

AUSTIN: Remember, he's not in Velas, he's gone, remember. He also had to go somewhere for two weeks, you don't know where he is.

JACK and KEITH: Mm.

AUSTIN: Y'know again I bet you if Calhoun was here he would probably know how to get message back— Right, but it's not your ship, it's not y'know...

JACK: It's like going around someone else's kitchen and 

AUSTIN: It's also, maybe,

KEITH: Right. It just means we're in the middle of the ocean now, we have time to send that message, like if sending a message—

JACK: My laptop fan just turned on.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it super did.

JACK: I don't know what to do.

ALI: Yep. 

KEITH: It'll be fine, I can noise-remove most of it out.

AUSTIN: Okay, okay.

JACK: Okay, thank you Keith.

KEITH: You're welcome, it'll be probably mostly fine. How much is it showing up on your sound file?

JACK: An amount.

KEITH: It'll be fine, it'll go off and—there we go, it's off— Oh no it's not.

AUSTIN: No it's not. Let's just..

KEITH: Okay, let's just go. So it's like, if we go after Calhoun—

AUSTIN: Out of character really quick—

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Out of character you guys have already decided to go after Calhoun. So I just wanna make sure we're clear about that only because I don't wanna throw out the prep I did. Which is fine, so I have this other prep, from the other stuff that we could be doing already, but I—

KEITH: Did extra prep.

AUSTIN: —we did decide over the past two weeks what you guys wanted to do —so I just wanted to make sure that this talk doesn't just go for twenty minutes of you deciding whether or not to go after Calhoun.

KEITH: No no no, what I'm saying is like as someone who is concerned about this tower, who wants to do this thing for Greggy, I think that we have time to do both, worst case scenario, I think that when we're done with this, we still have enough time to send that message that Lem was talking about, after we're not in the middle of the ocean anymore—

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: —after we get to a place like—

AUSTIN: That has—

KEITH: We might not be able to get from here do the stuff to Rosemarrow, do that stuff—

AUSTIN: All that's fine—

KEITH: —and back...

AUSTIN: —what do you do now though?

KEITH: Right now, we fuckin' get our pal Calhoun back!

JACK: What's the—

AUSTIN: Okay, so what do you do?

JACK: What's the state of the sails?

KEITH: Do we know where Brandish is?

AUSTIN: Brandish—they went east, they went east from the mark on the map that's this little red ‘x’ which is where you guys had that little scuffle, which is kind of in the middle of this strait between Ordena and the Hieron mainland.

ALI: Okay.

KEITH: If they went east that's good because that'll take us closer to land which is a place that we would like to be if our boat is all fucked up.

AUSTIN: It is. I think you guys can probably sail a bit but like at a fairly slow rate, and not in a position where—like I'm looking at the numbers of where your ship was at and another encounter would be bad for you.

KEITH and JACK: Yeah.

KEITH: I think that a thing that we want to avoid is a ship to ship encounter with them. That does not not necessarily mean that we can't get on their ship.

JACK: Right, so in terms of what we actually do, how are the sails?

AUSTIN: Yes.

JACK: How is the deck? What is, is the tiller in operation?

KEITH: I mean it sounds like we're not gonna have a problem just getting to a place as long as we don't mind it being slow and if it gets stormy then we're maybe less than equipped to deal with that. So I think either way—

AUSTIN: That is exactly the case.

KEITH: —whether we're going directly to Brandish's ship or we want to go to a port or wherever, like, it seems like first case scenario our only option is to go east because that's where the shore is and where Brandish went.

AUSTIN: You could also go to Ordena, I don't wanna take that off the map, there are ports on the coast of Ordena—

KEITH: Right we could go to Ordena.

AUSTIN: But I don't want to, I'm not trying to railroad you in either direction, I just want to make sure that's clear. Ali, Hella would know that to the south of where you are, a little bit further, to the south there's that little inlet in Ordena. Do you see that? It's kind of like a little roundish like a semi-circle, cutting into Ordena. There's a fort there that you could theoretically dock at. But that's the opposite direction, you know it's south-west instead of east. There would be a time constraint there, it would take you at this rate a couple of days to get down to that port whereas it would take you, let's say, one day to get to the east, to the land.

KEITH: I'm, yeah, I'm willing to–I'm willing to take the small risk of... y'know taking this slow boat... east and saving time than going south, fixing it and then going northeast.

AUSTIN: Right, right, agreed.

KEITH: You know?

AUSTIN: Yep.

ALI: Do we for sure want this to be like the next morning though, and not like take one day. To sort of—

AUSTIN:That's my question

ALI: —like lick our wounds a little bit?

JACK: Um, I'm–my concern is that—

KEITH: Well this is, we're talking about it the next morning, we're not necessarily leaving—

ALI: OK

KEITH: —next morning.

AUSTIN: So that's my question, are you, yeah, are you taking a day to recover, are you...

JACK: I vote not, because what we're talking about here is we're talking about a human living captive that has been against his will press-ganged onto a ship of the undead—

AUSTIN: mm-hm

JACK: There are time constraints involved there.

KEITH: I vote not to, I wanna get to Calhoun and Hella, I think that... like the longer we wait the farther away Brandish gets from... you.

ALI: OK. I just wanted to make sure, but... —

AUSTIN: Do you have a counter arguments?

ALI: What?

AUSTIN: Does Hella have a counter argument there—

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: —for taking some time to—

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: OK.

ALI: No, that was more of a question for like, Jack anyway.

AUSTIN: OK. So if everybody, so that night actually, I just remembered, everyone should consume one ration.

KEITH: Not me.

AUSTIN: Er, except for, and then heal half of your max health back.

ALI: OK

KEITH: Sweet.

JACK: Rounding up or rounding down if it's an odd number?

AUSTIN: Round up.

JACK: Ok, thanks.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and round up. Remember that a ration comes with five uses so that should just go down by one.

KEITH: Full health, oh yeah!

ALI: 

AUSTIN: Good.

KEITH: I'm pumped!

ALI: We're not counting that like the ship has rations that would be our own?

AUSTIN: At this point, I think after the, the beating it took... I'm gonna make you guys dig into your own rations at this point, y'know.

JACK: Seems fair.

KEITH: Mm.

AUSTIN: I'll put it this way, you guys got that ship into a lot of mess. Those other people on it who are combatants probably need those supplies more than you at this point.

JACK: Yeah.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, I guess you could take them instead, Hella, if you wanna ... if you want to not use a ration you don't have to.

KEITH: Er Ali just maybe dropped.

ALI: Er yeah for a second.

KEITH: Oh, Austin said that if YOU want to take a ration, you totally can.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: 

AUSTIN: That's totally acceptable, like you're right, it's silly to say that there are no rations on this ship. I was kind of assuming you'd be dipping into your own supply but if at this point you want to continue taking the ship's rations, that is totally a feasible thing to do. Um, so make that decision, and let me know which you do.

ALI: Sorry, I couldn't hear anything.

AUSTIN: Oh boy.

ALI: So I could either take from the ship or not?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can take from the ship or not. People will not be as happy with you if you took, if you take from the ship at this point.

ALI: Ok, no I see, I still will—

AUSTIN: Do you know what I mean. You still will?

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Ok. You get kinda like, people are a little... you get some scowls, you get some sort of like... I think even when you're in line to like get the rations that are being handed out, one of the crew members who definitely lost some friends says "haven't you taken enough from us already?", scoffs and walks away.

JACK: 

ALI: That's fair. 

AUSTIN: That's fair, grr, grr. Also they serve burgers on this ship.

ALI: I don't care, please.

AUSTIN: OK. 

JACK: So I guess the decision we need to make is, we're going to go east, we're going to try and go east as quickly as possible, do we want to try and take any, keep a watch eye on the coastline for places to stop off and, and maybe gather some more equipment, gather some more crew, fix the ship or do we literally want to just plough on, looking from the crow's nest for the red sails.

AUSTIN: Give me, I mean—

KEITH: Well here's the thing that we need to figure out, do we have the money to fix this ship?

ALI: I mean I have a bunch of money, but.

AUSTIN: have a bunch of coin.

KEITH: I don't know if we have ship fixing money.

AUSTIN: Er, at this point my bigger question is where are you going to fix this ship.

ALI: Right.

AUSTIN: You know Velas exists.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: You don't know of any, I mean give me a spout lore, but I don't think you know of any—

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: —big ports on this coastline.

KEITH: I just, I just think Jack's point was to keep an eye and then see if—

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: —if you see a port stop there.

AUSTIN: Yes, yes.

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Is the motorway service station thing of like, "ah, is that a Starbucks over there"

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

JACK: Um, but yeah, so.

ALI: I mean is your real question here like after go after Brandish are we still planning on using the ship or?

AUSTIN: No, my question here is literally, what are you doing right now? Are you taking the day to try to repair, are you going east, like—

JACK: I vote go east.

KEITH: Will—

ALI: Well that was 

AUSTIN: —like I'm, that day, OK, so you set sail in the morning, you eat your breakfast burgers, and you—

AUSTIN: —you set off east, and it's a very calm morning after, it's one of those mornings where, it's almost like being hung over, you know what I mean? Erm—

KEITH: No.

AUSTIN: —and like, ha, ok. It's like having a really late night, Keith—

KEITH: Ok.

AUSTIN:—have you ever had one of those really, really, really late nights where you get so tired that you feel like a little dizzy.

KEITH: Yes.

AUSTIN: And then, like, you don't go to bed and like the next morning it's like 8am or like 7am on a Sunday, and no one else is awake yet and you're like, I'm gonna go to the diner and just get burgers— —not get some burgers—

JACK: Get some morning burgers.

AUSTIN: —get some like breakfast, get some morning burgers, get some breakfast—

KEITH: Get some eggs Benedict and corn beef hash.

AUSTIN: Right, and like no one is there, and like it's a little, everything's just like a little too quiet, or like a Christmas morning but you have to drive somewhere.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, yeah I know exactly.

AUSTIN: The ocean is like that, the ocean is like that today and like that's what your day is like.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um.

KEITH: Yeah, like I'm not even supposed to be here right now.

AUSTIN: Right—

KEITH: Like I made a mistake and this is why—

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: OK, got it.

AUSTIN: Um, that night you're getting towards the coastline and you see to the east that the sky is brighter than it is in any other direction. It reminds you a bit of the Velesian night sky. Y'know in Velas it's a fairly large city given the time, and given that the condition and especially, especially Fero knows this as someone who's like really attuned to nature and has been in a bunch of different natural settings before. The light in, in cities tends to be... less defined, the stars kind of disappear.. from light pollution. Even though there isn't y'know, we're not talking about New York City here but there's a noticeable—

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: —difference, and you can see to the east that the sky—

KEITH: Well, Fero can tell, like that's the—

AUSTIN: Right, to the east you can tell that the sky is, I mean everyone can kind of see that the sky is lit to the east. At this point you're nearing the kind of, so again this map has kind of almost like a nose on it to the east, do you see that?

ALI: Mm

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Do you see what I'm calling a nose? 

KEITH: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: The, you're at like the... the very tip of that nose, is what I'd say.

ALI: Oh.

KEITH: The hooked tip on the inside—

AUSTIN: No, the outside most western point—

KEITH: Ok.

AUSTIN: —cause you're riding the coast to look for stuff—

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: —from what you said basically, right? I'm gonna zoom in a bunch and then make a little mark. Do you ride through the night, or do you stop, or... what's your plan?

KEITH: Um. I think that we should stop for a couple of hours at least

ALI: Yeah, I think—

JACK: Yeah.

ALI: —like right after the fight we would not just immediately set sail.

AUSTIN: Ok.

KEITH: Um, because especially, like I want to get going as fast as possible, I want to catch up as fast as possible, but I also, like, don't want to have a ship of haggard, angry, sad—

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: —boat-partiers.

AUSTIN: Who, who are just exhausted.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, like, at least keeping them in a shape that isn't, y'know unfair.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: And is there, is there a way to tell, is there a way to tell if we're on Brandish's trail, like to see—

AUSTIN: I thought about that a lot over the last day, and like, I'm not sure, I don't know enough about boats—

KEITH: Can I turn into a bird and fly super high, and see if I can, like—

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: There is kind of a tradition of that, yeah, I reckon you could do that.

AUSTIN: How do you do it Jack, do you know?

JACK: Well I was just talking about like, the sort of, in the sense of like Noah letting go of birds with a olive branch that comes back in it's beak—

AUSTIN: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry I thought you meant, I thought you meant a—

JACK: There's an actual tradition.

AUSTIN: I thought you meant there's a tradition of tracking people by sea.

KEITH: OK.

JACK: No.

KEITH: I don't know anything about that—

AUSTIN: But yeah, yeah you could totally turn into a bird.

KEITH: —turn into a bird, OK, I'm gonna turn into a bird. Do I, I don't, I probably don't need to roll for this, as it's only one move, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I'm not gonna make you. Er...

KEITH: I'll do a roll.

AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead and roll for it actually, there are ways that could go wrong in interesting ways—

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: Captain Brandish —

KEITH: I've got a.. an eight on that.

AUSTIN: OK, on an eight you get to keep two moves or whatever?

KEITH: Two, yeah.

AUSTIN: Ok. Um, so you fly high into the air, and—

KEITH: Sort of maybe circle around eastward, maybe to the—

AUSTIN: Yeah, point, tell me on the map, give me—

KEITH: So we're the line here, right, we're there.

AUSTIN: Yes, you're there.

KEITH: I'm probably, I'm probably going to kind of extend downwards, er, down and east and then sort of up and along the coastline, like—

AUSTIN: Ok, so like point, do it again—

KEITH: How do I—

AUSTIN: I don't know, you just did it and it was amazing. I don't know. I thought it was a single click, but it is not a single click. Just give me an abouts where you're at. Just, so you're inside of that little inlet. Is that where you're—

KEITH: I'm, no, I'm like going down and slightly, down and slightly west from the nose tip—

AUSTIN: Oh west?

KEITH: Sorry, down and slightly east.

AUSTIN: East?

KEITH: East.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah, so you're going into that little—

KEITH: And then up and slightly west, like that, sort of a diagonal line that sort of—

AUSTIN: You aren't going into that inlet then, is that, am I wrong, am I not understanding—

KEITH: Yeah, no, I'm looking into that inlet yeah.

AUSTIN: Ok. So as you get closer you can tell that that is where the light is coming from.

KEITH: Ok

AUSTIN: Um, and as...

KEITH: I wonder if —

AUSTIN: As you approach, you can see... Just trying to think of what you can see from the sky. Hm. It depends on how close you get. The light is not—

KEITH: I would—

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

KEITH: I would say that if, if, if I was seeing this weird light I would get closer.

AUSTIN: OK. As you get— So from a distance the light ends up, being kind of distributed across this fog, that makes it hard to see into it.

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: But there's a point at which you pass through the fog and you don't understand how quickly you did it, like it's super dense and then you're out of it. You know what I mean?

KEITH: OK. Yeah yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: And then you see them. Six or seven maybe eight sharp bright white towers piercing the sky. Emanating a glow.

KEITH: Oh shit those are probably not supposed to be there.

AUSTIN: Um. In fact you see that an entire little town or city really. Y'know about the size of the currently inhabited area of Velas is awake and bustling in the night. And you can see figures moving, singing, running through the streets. And you see there docked a number of vessels, including the Kingdom Come.

KEITH: Oh fuck, I'm gonna go tell everybody. Wait, hold on, no.

AUSTIN: Uhuh. So that was one move, you have another move here and then you have to go back.

KEITH: OK. I would like to...

AUSTIN: That might not really be a move.

KEITH: Yeah, I don't think that's really a move.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, go ahead, keep going.

KEITH: I think that... I think that right now I wanna discern realities and see if I can tell what's going on with those lights.

AUSTIN: So how are you, how are you doing that, tell me what you do.

KEITH: I'm going to get closer, try not to be seen, even though—

AUSTIN: OK.

KEITH: —I assume that I've transformed into a sort of, into a largish bird—

AUSTIN: Yeah, what sort of bird are you, yeah.

KEITH: I would imagine some sort of sea bird.

AUSTIN: OK.

KEITH: Some sort of like a larger sea bird.

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

KEITH: And...

AUSTIN: Go ahead and give me the discern realities.

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: Which is a—

KEITH: Wisdom?

AUSTIN: —roll plus WIS, yeah. Good, good roll.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So you get to ask three questions. What are your three questions?

KEITH: Let me just pull up that list real quick, I had it but I had to bring it down to roll.

AUSTIN: Yep.

KEITH: Discern realities, I'm going to ask "what's happened here recently"?

AUSTIN: Hm. There is a sort of... joy in the air. There's a sort of celebration and I think that you can tell that that's because of Brandish's return. You're not sure why, but that's what's happened recently, like, there are celebrations in the streets.

KEITH: What's about to happen here?

AUSTIN: These are gonna continue for a few days, like I don't know that you can—

KEITH: OK so this is a, this is an ongoing celebration, this isn't gonna—

AUSTIN: Yes. This isn't gonna end in the night, right exactly.

KEITH: OK. And then, is anything not as it appears to be?

AUSTIN: Yeah. You realise, two things you realise. The first is that you sense along with, so you're a seabird, you sense other seabirds of the same type in the area.

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: You also sense birds like the one that Brandish had. Do you remember that one, the one that split into—

KEITH: Yeah the big black bird of prey.

AUSTIN: Right, and you notice a ton of other animals with your kind of nature senses.

KEITH: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: They sense you back first of all

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: And you realise in that moment that they are not alive, but they live all the same.

KEITH: OK. So this is, this, there are undead animals in this town.

AUSTIN: Two, following off of that, sensing that and following it closer you realise that some of the people in the street, they're not just lit by the light emanating from these towers, they are transparent, they glow with their own light.

KEITH: Ghost-berg.

AUSTIN: Not all of the people. But some of them. And among all of this you also sense what you would recognise as natural life.

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: So that was one move.

KEITH: OK, and I can tell, I can tell that the y'know, that the living life is kind of interacting—

AUSTIN: Yep!

KEITH: —with them in a way that is not like "oh I'm getting spooked!", like they're all—

AUSTIN: Er, it's spooky! It's—

KEITH: It's spooky?

AUSTIN: In fact it's, I mean here's the thing.

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: Confronting this, what sort of interaction have you had with the undead before?

KEITH: I think, I THINK that I said that in, that that fight with the undead was the first time that I had ever seen undead.

AUSTIN: Had you heard of undead before that?

KEITH: I'm gonna say yeah.

AUSTIN: OK, what sort of stories are common about undead?

KEITH: Just a lot of eating people stories, like a lot of—

AUSTIN: OK, so this is spookier in a way then—

KEITH: Yeah

AUSTIN: —right, because if you saw a town of undead, zombie, cannibals eating humans and orcs and elves, that registers to you.

KEITH: Mm-hm

AUSTIN: It is way stranger for you to see a town where the living and the undead—
KEITH: Are just hanging

AUSTIN: —are co-mingling.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: You don't have the words for it, it's uncanny, it shakes you in a way that just seeing zombies doesn't shake you.

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: Cos you don't have the language for this other thing.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, because it's not like the thing that I know a zombie to do is that they take over towns and they burn them and they—

AUSTIN and KEITH: —eat people—

KEITH: and they turn other people into undead—

AUSTIN: —they don't hold parties.

KEITH: —they don't go to dinner.

AUSTIN: Right, right

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Exactly.

KEITH: So, I'm gonna go . I'm gonna go and tell everybody this thing—

AUSTIN: OK.

KEITH: Err...

KEITH as FERO: So, hey guys.

KEITH: And how long did it take me to fly down there.

AUSTIN: It's close, it's close.

KEITH: OK.

FERO: So, you guys. I saw—

AUSTIN: You get there the next day very easily is what I'll say.

KEITH: Yeah.

FERO: I saw this shit, it was crazy, so there was these big giant glowing towers and Brandish was there and his ship was there and there were all the undead and they were hanging out and they were partying and there were people there and they were living and they were hanging out with each other and I think that it's some sort of crazy like pirate cove where pirates go back to but some of them are undead now and now they're all friends and it's fucked up! Like I'm pretty sure. And Brandish is there, if we wanna go we gotta go cos they're probably drunk. We could take them I think. I think we can sneak in there.

JACK as LEM: Good battle report, first of all.

FERO: Guys? Oh my god, they're dead, everyone's dead.

JACK: Keith?

HELLA: That's a lot to process is the thing.

FERO: That's fair, I did have hours as I flew back.

JACK: Austin, does this count as encountering a location—

AUSTIN: So what's the plan?

JACK: —does this count as encountering a location?

FERO: I think that we should take the ship. I think that we leave—

JACK: Hello?

AUSTIN: You're not yet.

JACK: But does it count as an encounter for my—

KEITH: Jack?

JACK: —for my racial bonus?

AUSTIN: No, you're not there, you're not there.

JACK: Oh, OK.

KEITH: It will, when you get there right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

FERO: So here's what I think we've gotta do. I've had a lot of time to think about this. We gotta go, we gotta row there in a rowboat.

AUSTIN: Like a smaller boat.

JACK: —yeah I don't think we go in on Calhoun's boat—

FERO: I think we have to ship there—

AUSTIN: Uhuh

FERO: —then stop before we get there, either row there or walk there, sneak into town. Un... shackle Calhoun from whatever horrible shackles they've got him tied up to, sneak out with him, come back, we save the day, it's gonna be great, Calhoun's our buddy. Sneak in, like little sneaks.

AUSTIN: Like little sneaks.

JACK: Yeah, as far as I can see from Lem's perspective this is very much like a Great Escape style break out mission—

AUSTIN: Right

JACK: —like a stealth break out mission. But because Lem is a bard and an archivist he's also like super curious about this place. So I think from my perspective is very much like yeah, we've gotta be really careful here, this is not a good place but also—

AUSTIN: Are you going in– go ahead.

JACK: —I'm really intrigued by it and I'd like to, I don't know, I'd quite like to take something from it or get something from it.

AUSTIN: Sure. OK—

JACK: That's not Calhoun.

AUSTIN: Do you go that night or do you go in the morning, is this a night op?

KEITH: Yeah, this is a night op.

ALI: Yeah, I think night would be—

JACK: If only to make it more exciting.

KEITH: Mm-hm

ALI: Night would be smart.

AUSTIN: OK.

HELLA: Did you see Brandish while you were there?

FERO: I didn't see Brandish, I saw his ship though and I saw that they were partying and it looked like they were partying because of Brandish and because he's back and that's why I think that they're all pirate bros and that only half of them are undead because, y'know, you can't take all your pirates on your ship y'know? And so when some of them turned undead the rest of them were still alive but they're all bros still.

HELLA: OK.

JACK: The gasp that I just did is because on our screen in Roll20 has appeared a drawing of the cove except it has a fog of war on it. 

AUSTIN: It does, I don't know what that actually looks like to you, I'm actually curious, I wish I—

KEITH: It looks like a big black…

JACK: It looks like… massive redacted bars.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: OK. That’s good.

KEITH: How do I scroll– OK there it is.

AUSTIN: Yeah the top right is zoom out, there's a sort of magnifying glass there.

ALI: OK

AUSTIN: So there's your ship in the top, top, top northwest. Do you see it?

KEITH: Oh, I see that.

AUSTIN: So whereabouts are you, do you want to park that? And then where are you, what, where do you wanna like row in?

JACK: What about there, in that little inlet?

AUSTIN: Like... here?

KEITH: I was thinking--

JACK: Oh?

KEITH: That’s exactly where I was thinking too, yeah--

AUSTIN: Right there?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: That’s fair, do you want to dock there, or do you want to, like row there?

JACK: Uh, dock there and...

AUSTIN: You have like a robut-- row-boat.

JACK: Dock there and then row-- 

KEITH: Wait, so you’re saying that we can either... row around-- row around the bend like that? Right?

AUSTIN: You can do whatever you want.

KEITH: Or we can walk through here.

AUSTIN: Yeah, absolutely! Uh, so these brown areas, this brown area here is... is cliff. Okay, so as you’re coming down from the southwest, you see the, you kind of pass through the fog, the wall of fog that I described to Fero earlier, and once you do you see what’s here, which is... cliffs, kind of blocking in this inlet and alcove, and they have some trees and stuff on them, and they'd be hard to climb up but you probably could with enough time and rope... but that’s kind of what you see. If you’re coming-- I guess tell me where... where you’re going? In terms of this big ship, and I’ll reveal more of the map to you as you move.

KEITH: I think that the big ship doesn’t go any further than here.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that means-- Okay, so then when you’re here then, like as you’re coming around...

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You get to see more, is the thing, so.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: As you come across this, you see one of these white-- one of these white towers... like pointing through the night sky, up into the distance, and you see... a huge city, across to the east. They haven’t seen you yet, because it’s nighttime.

JACK: And they’re all partying.

AUSTIN: Actually I guess at this point-- at this point you see almost all of it from that angle, it looks like. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Let's say to there... ish? Seems right to me?

KEITH: Yeah, okay.

AUSTIN: Because some of the towers block some of the vision to other places. I-- on this map, so this is a map of a kind of... reverse L shaped inlet, and you see, again like six or seven towers pointing up into the night sky. These are white, ornate but very squared off things, and light seems to emanate from them into the night. You also see a collection of vessels on the kind of.. up in the top of the inlet, and then at the bottom of the inlet you see a number of vessels that are very clearly part of Brandish's fleet, including the... Kingdom Come.

FERO: Lem, as my smart friend, do you know... do you know anything about these towers?

LEM: Uhmm...

AUSTIN: Are you now going to use your...

JACK: Yeah, I think, I think I’m gonna use my, my uh, my racial power...

AUSTIN: Which is?

JACK: ...As opposed to my, as opposed to my class power, which is... let me just pull the thing up... um... when you first-- "When you enter an important location” --Brackets, "(your call)"-- “You can ask the GM for one fact from the history of that location." Which isn’t quite what Keith's, what Fero's asking for, but at the same time I don’t know if I could confidently... have information about the towers until I was closer to one of them.

AUSTIN: There was a place-- yeah you, you, you can't-- but you know... there was a city once that had towers like these, before the fall, before the Erasure. I’m gonna sneeze, one second.

KEITH: It's staying in-- awww ok he muted.


AUSTIN: I did, I muted, sorry. So there was a town once, before the erasure, that had towers like these. The towers were said to be like fingers dotting the night sky, so beautiful were they that they attracted visitors from all over the continent. It was a bit of a resort destination and so fair and wise were the rulers, that they attracted the, the best of, of everything. The best artists came to be inspired by the beautiful coastlines and the sunset; the best... chefs came to cook with the fish they brought in, and with some of the wonderful herbs and spices that they grew in their nearby fields, and it was with great sadness that you know, the archivists kind of see the death of this city, the death of Nacre - N A C R E -, as... one of the great losses of, of the era.

JACK: Almost like a Library of Alexandria style thing.

AUSTIN: Yes, absolutely, exactly like that.

JACK: OK. 

LEM: Does that answer any particular... or does that reveal any more stuff for you there Fero? 

FERO: I just wanna know why they're glowing like that. It looks dangerous! OK, well here's what I, here's what I’m thinking on it, if you want me to be honest about this, is that um... I don't know, I know that you're into all this stuff, Lem, but all this pre-Erasure stuff is wicked weird! Everybody's trying to do pre-Erasure stuff and it's weird! That's not what we are anymore man!

AUSTIN: I should note, if once the morning hits, where the ship currently is would be visible. 

LEM: OK, right, we've got to move, everybody over the sides, into the boat.

KEITH: I’m seeing, I’m seeing, can we just kind of go up behind, uh, that cliff face again, and kind of row.

AUSTIN: You could like re-move the boat basically, or something?

KEITH: Yeah, re-position that boat.

AUSTIN: And then row the rest of the way.

KEITH: Like, yeah, yeah, I think best case scenario we're out of here by morning, but I think we should--

AUSTIN: Here?

KEITH: Yeah. I think that we should plan for no-- for that not being the case. 

JACK: I can very much see this story ending with us in a prison... on this adventure. It seems like a sort or prison-y city. So I propose that we don't take any crew members, we let them hold the ship down and we just go in--

AUSTIN: By yourselves.

JACK: Hella, Fero, and Lem.

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. 'Cause this, we want to be quiet while-- you guys, quiet as a mouse, me, actual mouse. 

JACK: Everybody is a mouse.

KEITH: And ah, and I just think that they're gonna be louder than we want, etcetera. And more people! The more people, the more easily that we can get seen. I think you're right.

AUSTIN: Hella, what's going through your head during all of this? This has been a day of like, of, of excitement and stuff, but I do just want to get into your head really quick. What do you, what do you think about all of this? Not just this stuff, but about, about rescuing Calhoun, about your own actions, what has been bouncing through that brain?

ALI: Um, I mean I think that she knows that people are kind of upset with her, she senses that, and I think there's a lot of like, frustration there. Because... I mean she made the choice that she did, because it seemed like the best one at the time, but at the same time she was also disappointed by the decision she made. ‘Cause that was like... that also wasn't a fight that she wanted to walk away from, you know? So there's this sense of like wanting to get revenge, but now as we're nearing this crazy light city there's like a little bit of unsettlement there.

AUSTIN: So these are the, these are kind of the thoughts bouncing around her head as they, as they row into that little, the little spot where they’re, where theyre going to disembark.

ALI: Right. So like some of that anger and frustration is fading to like, 'this is fucking weird, this is some weird shit!'

AUSTIN: Speaking of weird shit, so you, you get out of the rowboat in this, on this beach area, and you can already kind of hear the carousing and yelling throughout the city. It sounds like a festival night from Velas, more than anything, like you, you know this night, you recognize this sort of like, it's a harvest night, it’s a night of celebration and wonder and joy. This isn't, this isn't the shouting, the shouting of mad men, this isn't the shouting of killers. But, speaking of weird things, the second your foot hits the ground, your blade comes alive, and you hear it first but it's not too long before Lem and Fero do too. They're chanting, a choir of voices: "Tristero, Tristero, Tristero!" and they’re shouting, "you enter the realm of death itself!" they say, in unison, "turn back!"

JACK: Well...

AUSTIN: Lem! 

JACK: Lem. Freaks. Out.

AUSTIN: You know this sword! Do you remember what your bonds are, Jack?

JACK: Yeah, yeah one of my bonds is I...

AUSTIN: Can you speak up a little bit?

JACK: Sorry, yeah, one of my bonds is, "I sang songs of Hella's sword before I ever met them in person."

AUSTIN: Here are some of the songs you sung about that sword. You sung, you know a song called "Penitence" which is a post-Erasure fugue, from near, just after the Erasure, which is a very specific moment in history, you love those songs, because they capture an immediate response to a terrible event, and there aren't many of them left. There weren't many record keepers at the time, the archivists hadn't really become... a foundation or an institution yet, so finding songs like that... So there's "Penitence," you know that, you know "Sabbatical" which is this kind of folk ballad, and you know, there's a song it's kind of a jaunty little pub song called, "They Thought They Knew" and then in parentheses, "(But They Didn't!)". And each is a song about a group of wise university scholars, who overestimated their own intelligence and power, and in the end had their magic turned back on them, trapping them in a tool of plain and brutal destruction, instead of something precise and elegant as they, as they imagined it would be. Now, each of these songs kind of details how they seek forgiveness for their earthly misdeeds. It's not ever really clear, in any of these songs, what those misdeeds were, exactly, but there's lots of like general claims throughout them like, 'They doomed us!' and 'We suffered not an apocalypse, but a scholar's hubris.' You definitely think it has to do with the Erasure, but you're not sure what. But you know that that's a, you've heard that-- yes, this is a familiar sword to you.

JACK: Man, ok... um... how do you react, Hella?

KEITH: I’m sorry, what did, what did the sword say?

JACK: It said 'Tristero' and then it said like, 'you are entering a place of death, or a place of the dead, turn back.'

KEITH: OK, OK.

AUSTIN: It was, "you enter the realm of death itself."

KEITH: Aaah!

JACK: Um, so, uh...

AUSTIN: Wait a minute, what's Hella-- Hella what are you doing, at this point?!

ALI: God, uh, kind of freaking out? A little bit? Um... I think that she is both kind of bewildered by this, but also like, trying to figure out a way to get the voices to stop. If it's like, kind of squeezing the hilt a little bit, or like... I’m just kind of imagining her like kind of panicking, and taking it in and out, being like 'just stop it!' 'cause she can't like sneak like this, and also this is terrifying!

AUSTIN: Mhm, it's pretty terrifying.

KEITH: So I, I might have misunderstood Austin, what you were saying, are you saying that there's a team of scholars trapped inside--?

JACK: No, no, no, he's saying that I sing songs about there being a team of, of scholars trapped inside this sword. That's a very different thing.

AUSTIN: Everyone else just hears, hears a choir of voices.

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: Lem has not explained the songs, at this point.

JACK: No, um... so basically... I think Hella, I'd like to tell you that I, that I know, that this is a thing that I've, that I've heard about. like, this is a really weird, cool-- I can't really hide my excitement for it. Like, like uh... my job is to archive things and not only that I’m a bard and this thing is singing to us, or like chanting to us! So I’m just sort of like, I'm really excited by it, it would be like finding some piece of fiction had suddenly appeared in the world.

LEM: Can I hold it?!

ALI: She's kind of glaring at you for seeming so excited, but is definitely interested in what you're saying... and it takes her a minute before she hesitantly hands it to you.

LEM: Cool, so I guess, um…

HELLA: Don't say cool, this isn't cool!

LEM: No, no this is really cool! This is really cool.

JACK: Austin, I've encountered an important item covered by grand histories of the known world, right?

AUSTIN: I think that's true, yes.

JACK: And I can ask you any one question about it, and you'll answer truthfully?

AUSTIN: Yes

JACK: Um... but the, it says, "they may then ask you what tale, song, or legend you heard that information in."

AUSTIN: Yep! Mhm, but we've already established what some of that is, I could ask you something else though, we'll see.

JACK: Right, are we assuming that I've done work on these legends as a bard? That I've like cross-referenced them and looked through them and...

AUSTIN: Sure, sure!

JACK: OK. Are the stories true?

AUSTIN: I mean who knows. Is that what you're asking? Is that your one question? 

JACK: Yes, that's what I'm asking, yes.

AUSTIN: That, I don’t think that’s a question about the item, that's a question about the stories. Ask a question about the item, 'cause then I can give you more, that's the thing. Don't throw away this 
question on the-- like you know as a bard you can never know if stories are true, but I can tell you what the stories are, I can tell the fact that you would know, do you know what I mean?


JACK: Yeah, no that's true, OK.

AUSTIN: You, as a player, know that whatever I’m going to answer is true, that it's a fact about the item.

JACK: Yeah, um... I’m trying to kind of work out how to phrase this... who was the leader of these scholars? Do they have a ringleader and who are they? Can I ask that?

AUSTIN: You c-- hmm...

JACK: Well I'm assuming that I've read these, that I’ve read these texts and cross-referenced them with other entries in encyclopedias and history books and things.

AUSTIN: I think you-- they didn't have a leader. They were a council, they were a council unified. There was a, they were a kind of group... They were a group of scholars at the University, the University that you know about, that is, that has since fallen, at the time of the Erasure that ruled that, that place as a kind of intellectual cabal.

JACK: They were the higher faculty members, basically. 

AUSTIN: They were the highest, they were the highest faculty members in the land. 

KEITH: Yeah they were!
 
AUSTIN: Great, great.

JACK: Good one Keith. 

KEITH: Thanks.

AUSTIN: Um... I’m trying to remember, I'm trying to decide if you would know their name... um, I’m also trying to remember if I gave anything about this previously, I don't think-- I gave a little bit of something, before, um... you... no I think that's it.

JACK: That's all I’ve got.

AUSTIN: I think what you know is that, that's-- this was the kind of, you know, there wasn't a decided leader among them, they acted as a group. There were debates, there were important figures among them... but I don't think there was any one leader. As I’ve written this group, they were not, there was not a 'this is the person in charge. It was a council that debated and fought with themselves, but often acted in group, or in unison, as they do now, as a choir.

JACK: Are they saying anything as I’m holding them or have they gone quiet?

AUSTIN: They go quiet, the second you touch them. 

LEM: Alright, thanks Hella.

AUSTIN: They have no interest in you.

FERO: OK, hold on, we have-- guys, this sword just talked, and it said some really interesting stuff, and I think we need to talk to your sword, Hella.

HELLA: ...OK? I don't know if I can communicate with it.

AUSTIN: You can!

LEM: Well now's a fun time to find out! 

ALI: This is Hella not thinking that she knows that she can communicate with it.

AUSTIN: OK, OK.

HELLA: Um... but we can try that, yeah.

AUSTIN: So what do you do? What do you say, or do?

ALI: Um... well I take it-- so when, when I take it back from Lem does it immediately keep talking again?

AUSTIN: Yes, yeah, the second it's in your hand, it’s again the kind of chant of "Tristero," over and over again.

ALI: OK. 

AUSTIN: None of you know what that means!
 

HELLA: I guess-- well what do we want to ask it? 

FERO: Uh, we... What do you... what do you mean when you say "Tristero"?

ALI: Austin, should I do the roll for this, or...?

AUSTIN: Tell me what you, talk to me about what you're doing first, and then do the roll.

ALI: OK, so I imagine that she's like unsheathed it, and she's holding it in front of it-- in front of her, and she repeats Lem's question.

AUSTIN: Remember, you--

JACK: Fero's question.

ALI: Yeah, sorry... he's such a Lem! 

AUSTIN: He is such a Lem! I feel like that's like the... the our game version of...

ALI: The Keith/Kyle...

AUSTIN: That too, the Keith/Kyle mistake, but also like, he's such a mensch, he's just such a good guy, he's just such a Lem! 

KEITH: But hold on, I am, I am starting to realize that... fake or real, everybody's just getting my name wrong, all the time!

AUSTIN: It's true. It's true, it does happen. 

KEITH: What is it about me that people can't remember my name?!

AUSTIN: It's ok, it’s fine!

KEITH: Is it?

AUSTIN: Are you sure that that's what you're going to ask, you're gonna ask what he just asked? I mean this is up to, this is up to Hella. I mean it's up to the group, but it's up-- Hella's the one who has to ask the question, and again, I’m gonna read the move that you're looking at now. The move is: "Heirloom: when you consult the spirits that reside within your signature weapon, they will give you insight regarding the current situation, and might ask you some questions in return. Roll +Charisma, on a 10+ the GM will give you good detail, on a 7-9 the GM will give you an impression." 

ALI: OK.

AUSTIN: So like, it’s not even so much like an 'ask a question', like the question... I don’t have to answer the question directly, in, according to these rules.

ALI: Right.

AUSTIN: I can, I can, based on your roll give you some response, you know?

ALI: Yeah, but I still think as like, her doing this for the first time she would just be like "who is that guy?" Right.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

HELLA: Who's Tristero...

AUSTIN: Mhm.

ALI: Or... no, OK.

AUSTIN: It's hard to even know if it's a name, do you know what I mean? Like...

JACK: Yeah, like what is that word? What are you saying?

KEITH: Yeah, it might just be a word.

ALI: Cause like... my gut feeling is that she would be like "who are you?" but... Lem just explained that. Sort of.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Um...

AUSTIN: Wait, did he? Did Lem explain? What he knows? 

JACK: Oh yes, yeah I did.

ALI: OK, yeah, so...

JACK: Austin, I’m not one of Those Archivists, I’m not from the University!
 
AUSTIN: OK.

ALI: Um... Yeah, OK, maybe it's more like, "how do you know that?"

AUSTIN: Mm, mhm? Go ahead and do your roll. Roll plus CHA...

ALI: So I rolled a six.

AUSTIN: You did roll a six! Their response to your question is felt more than heard. I mean it's heard, their response is, their response is to continue chanting “Tristero, Tristero, Tristero” over and over and over again, in an increasingly loud voice. And, but Ali, Hella feels it. A deep sadness. A loss. It's all at once as if you feel the joy of falling in love with a sudden heartbreak at knowing that the thing, the person, the people you love will be taken from you forever. You also quickly hear someone shouting:

NACRE NPC: What's that!?

AUSTIN: And the sound of footsteps approaching

KEITH: Hey guys we have to Run and Hide Now!

ALI: Yeah!

JACK: Agreed!

KEITH: Wait hold on, I thought, hold on, I did not realize we had already... Oh no we had already, OK..

AUSTIN: Yeah, cause it started chanting the moment her feet hit the ground. OK to be clear, there's like a system of docks to your east with a kind of... you know, low tier road happening north-ish towards a tower that has fallen on its side, which is that long white block to the north, do you see that? That is, that is a fallen tower... Um, one second, let me actually move that up, there we go, and... That's in like a dock with ships that are about the size... Let's say about the same size as Calhoun's ship, that are docked. There's four of them there, probably more if we're being serious, like this is kind of an abstraction of this. We know... We know that Brandish's fleet was dozens big. So for each of these little ships imagine 2 or 3, and less of the bigger versions to the south that you see there. 

KEITH: OK.

AUSTIN: But yeah, your immediate thing is these towers. This is a big area, this is like the size of Velas, the map that you're seeing here... So there's some distance to travel here, but... Imagine 
again, built in throughout this area are... Little houses, little, you know, shanty... not shanty, is that the word I'm looking for? Like crappy little houses? 

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, sure, shanty!

ALI: Yeah, that’s fair.

AUSTIN: OK, yeah, near the docks...

KEITH: Maybe a hutch?

AUSTIN: Yeah there are some hutches, and some huts, there are some... there are some places selling food by the docks, but you see a figure moving towards you from the east, from the south-east, lets say. You can see that they are backlit by the light coming off of these towers.

KEITH: Okay, here’s what I want to do. I want to tell Lem and Hella to get down— hide by something. I want to turn into a crow and I just kinda wanna, like, do a “caw caw!” and then kinda hang out in a tree near where that guy is so he’s like, “Oh! So it’s just a crow!” I just want— 

AUSTIN: Gimme your— 

KEITH: I want this guy to go, “This is a crow.” Um.

AUSTIN: Give me your move. Roll to transform. It’s a good transform.

KEITH: 12, yep. So it’s a hold 3.

AUSTIN: I think this is like a Defy Danger Charisma… or something? Does that sound right? Like, you’re effectively trying to draw him away from the— 

KEITH: I mean, as a crow I can just caw, right? Like I can just— 

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah — but you still have to do that in a way that’s convincing enough to make him think that was the sound of a chanting sword. 

KEITH: Yeah, that’s fair. Okay. Yeah, alright. My Charisma — I think it’s 0.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh. 2d6. 

KEITH: Charisma’s 0. 2d6. Um… Alright there we go, yeah, that’s an 11. Sorry, that’s a 10.

AUSTIN: That’s a 10 which again though is still a very strong success. Um, you can hear— you can kind of make sense of this man now who’s approaching you. It’s a big dude, muscly, in kind of cloth and leather gear. Um, kind of a— the sort of guy who like is stuck with the night shift loading up supplies onto one of these ships before having to get on to it tomorrow to go do whatever pirates do. 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, um, that’s what’s up with him.

KEITH: Is— he’s not undead. 

AUSTIN: No, he is not.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: In fact you can see that there is in the light, even in the night light, you can see that there is a very healthy like shine and tan and glow to his skin. 

KEITH: Um.

AUSTIN: What do you all do? He’s kinda like, “Ugh.” Wanders off. 

KEITH: First, I just wanna say I fucking love this game, it’s so good. It’s like— it’s like- I just fucking I made this guy think that Hella’s chanting sword was a crow because I transformed into a crow.

AUSTIN: I imagine you cawed in that like— 

KEITH: Yeah, in that same sort of intonation as the chant.

AUSTIN: “Caw caw. Caw caw. Caw caw.” Also, in this— in my mind the sword hasn’t really stopped doing it. She’s like sheathed it and is— Hella is like squeezing it, “Shut up shut up shu- sh—”

ALI: Yeah. She’s definitely in that bus right now like leaning on it.

AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. It finally does calm down and you get a hold of it and can now move freely. What do you do?

JACK: Um, I think we need to kind of take a— Is this dude like straight passed by?

AUSTIN: No, he’s not head back south-east towards the docks. He’s not near you anymore.

JACK: Okay, cause I feel like we need to move in towards— actually, in terms of plans, how does everybody feel about making a beeline for the Kingdom Come rather than the city right now? We can, y’know—

AUSTIN: I mean to be clear the Kingdom Come is across this bay. 

JACK: Yeah no but what I’m saying in terms of wider directional plans are we gonna— are we gonna take a—

KEITH: Well, I guess it depends on whether we think that Calhoun is still on the Kingdom Come.

ALI: Yeah, do we think that? Cause I kind of don’t. 

JACK: Where do you think he is?

KEITH: I mean, it’s very possible that he’s still on the brig but I feel like, I don’t know— it felt like Calhoun meant something more to Brandish than to just leave him on the ship, y’know?

ALI: Right.

KEITH: And also I am a crow and I’m on this tree still. 

AUSTIN: You are still a crow on this tree. It’s true.

KEITH: So this is just out of character stuff.

ALI: The thing is that actually like what is our first plan? If we’re going to the city are we like trying to find clues of where Brandish is?

JACK: I guess so.

ALI: Are we trying to ask someone?

JACK: Well, going to—

KEITH: Here is— okay. 

ALI: You know how he—

FERO: Okay, worst case scenario. Worst case scenario. We go on the Kingdom Come, right? I mean, I guess, worst case scenario we get caught. Worst case scenario where we don't get caught and killed is we go on— maybe— maybe we dress up as pirates. 

LEM: I’d be up for that. 

FERO: We get some pirate clothes from the Kingdom Come.

HELLA: Pirate clothes? Nah.

LEM: I’d be up for that. 

FERO: Maybe we dress up as pirates. Yeah, who knows?

LEM: It’s a great escape mission, Hella. Hella! Well, what’s your plan then? 

FERO: Yeah, you got something better?

HELLA: Um, yeah I don’t know. I think we should go into the city rather than to the Kingdom Come. 

LEM: Okay. 

HELLA: Um, I guess we’ll be in disguise but that’s probably the smartest choice. 

AUSTIN: You are like so— you’re not dressed so differently from these people. 

KEITH: I mean, I do have— I mean I’m thinking of pirate clothes and I’m thinking of tattered tan trousers and billowy shirts.

AUSTIN: Right, right, right. I wanna like— there are more people—

ALI: Yeah, but we’ve also been on a boat for a couple days. We smell like the sea.

KEITH: That’s true. I guess I’m still imagining Hella in her big armor and I’m wearing—

ALI: She only wears mail and nice boots that are probably all fucked up and bloody right now.

AUSTIN: Nothing you’re wearing will be out of place here. 

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: Okay.

KEITH: Okay. Alright. 

ALI: Also, how much—

AUSTIN: This— yeah, go ahead.

ALI: —are we noticing this fallen tower to the north?

AUSTIN: You’re noticing it. You can tell that it’s one of these towers. It doesn’t give off the light that the others do. 

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: It’s lit by that light.

KEITH: Should we— I think maybe we should go check out that tower.

ALI: I don’t think that that’s a good idea. 

KEITH: You don’t think that’s a good idea?

ALI: No, we’re here for other things. 

KEITH: We’re here for other things but maybe we can learn something about—

AUSTIN: You have come from, “Let’s go to this ship,” to “Let’s go check out this cool tower.” 

KEITH: I’m very easily distracted. I will say—

JACK: Let’s go into— Hella? Fero? Let’s go to town? Let’s try and curl around the docks, around past the fallen tower, and into the—

KEITH: Yeah, you’re right. Fuck the tower. We should go around the tower though in the— behind the tower and then maybe while we’re walking by, cause it’s pretty good cover, and while we’re behind there, maybe we can check out the tower a little bit. 

AUSTIN: So you guys are doing— woop. 

KEITH: Nah, I just dropped— 

AUSTIN: One of those? That looks really bad. Wait, let me undo this. This thing is weird sometimes. There we go, this thing. 

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It’s weird. 

AUSTIN: Is Ali still gone?

KEITH: Ali’s still gone. Yeah.

ALI: I think—

KEITH: Wait, here she is. 

AUSTIN: Welcome back.

JACK: Hey Ali. 

AUSTIN: So, Keith, it sounds like your directional plan here is like this? Is that your plan? 

KEITH: Um.

AUSTIN: That black line that I just drew?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: And kind of then down— See, here’s the problem about going straight to, and I think the ship is a great idea Jack—Lem. I’m all aboard the ship. But—

AUSTIN: All aboard the ship.

KEITH: But I feel like we have to— feels like we have to go past everything else to get to the ship. I think maybe while we’re next to the city we should check out the city as long as— cause I don’t want to— I just want to make sure we’re not passing Calhoun, you know?

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: Yeah.

KEITH: So I’ve changed— I’ve changed my mind. We’re already dressed like pirates. We don’t have to disguise ourselves like pirates cause we already kinda look like pirates. 

ALI: I mean if we want to go to his ship we could have rowed down there instead right?

AUSTIN: You didn’t know that was there. Anyway, so as you come up towards the tower, the fallen tower, you see that there is light coming from inside of it, um, and I guess to describe the tower a little bit first cause it’s the closest you’re getting to them. 

KEITH: I figured it out. I figured it out. Sorry. I figured out how to do that thing. You have to hold down a click.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay. I see. 

KEITH: Yeah. So now— sorry for interrupting but it seems like a useful tool. 

AUSTIN: No, it’s fine. It is. So, um, the towers are bespoke. There are lots of little details. They’re squared off. It’s, y’know, a very imposing architectural style. Big broad things and they’re made of alabaster and marble with some ivory thrown in there for some extra finishing. They have— this fallen one at least has big gaps where you imagine maybe windows once were and in the gaps you can peek in from a distance and you see the spectral beings living their lives. There are people sitting and reading. 

KEITH: In the fallen tower?

AUSTIN: In the fallen tower.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: And you can see through them. They kind of give a glow out. There are people, you know, talking to each other. You see a couple—

KEITH: Are they partying in there?

AUSTIN: There are a couple people partying in there. You see a couple flirting with each other. 

KEITH: Aw, these are just people.

AUSTIN: You see— you see a couple fighting with each other. I mean, it’s the range of human activity happening here among these groups. I mean there are things you don’t see. No one here is eating. No one here is, you know, sick. No one’s coughing. No one’s in pain. You do see one ghost taking a sweet nap though. You could get more detail if you got closer but like from here it’s just not— you just can’t make out—

KEITH: Is— are there any living people in there. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, a couple. Yeah. This is primarily ghost— this is a ghost place. 

KEITH: Okay, so that’s like a ghost bar. Okay. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, but that was like— but there are definitely some people hanging out, y’know. 

KEITH: That’s a— that’s a classic ghoul haunt. 

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly. In the distance now you do see a— to the far east here there is, um, a palace of just great size. It’s like the other towers in that it— in that it springs forward from the ground into the skies. But it is a much— there’s a big broad round base and the actual central tower to the palace is much broader and wider than any other of the other towers are. You also realise the light that’s coming off of them is intense. You kind of have already seen it to some degree. You knew that it was bright here, you knew that there was some light pollution happening as I described before.

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: But the— the whole sky seems lit by these white towers and in fact it doesn’t— there’s this brief moment when you look up and, you know, you go from thinking, “Hey, these towers are reflecting the light of the moon and the stars,” to wondering if the moon and the stars are just mere shadows of these towers. You also see as you come across finally past the fallen tower and you don’t— you don’t see it at first. It takes— it’s like one of those double takes? You see a place where against the kind of cliff face that blocks this area in but then also up against the night sky, a place that’s starless because it’s being blocked by a massive black tower to the south-east of this city. 

JACK: Okay. 

KEITH: Wait, a massive what to the south-east?

AUSTIN: A black tower. You should be able to see it. You can see it on the map.

KEITH: Okay. Oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see it. Alright.

AUSTIN: And that is effectively blocking out the whole of the sky in that little region. Like it’s— 

KEITH: Huge?

AUSTIN: It’s huge, yeah. It’s as huge as the palace is in terms of its breadth. 

KEITH: How is the palace compared to the tower that we were in in the first— 

ALI: Yeah, I was just about to ask that.

AUSTIN: In terms of what?

KEITH: In terms of size.

AUSTIN: It’s bigger than that. Oh yeah, it’s definitely bigger than that. 
 
KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: This is like one of the biggest structures you’ve ever seen. 

KEITH: Alright.

AUSTIN: And that first tower was really big but it was um— 

KEITH: Can you tell me what the biggest structure I’ve ever seen is?

AUSTIN: Probably— you’ve probably seen the base of the New Archives. That’s the biggest thing you’ve ever seen.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Because it’s cut literally into the mountains and its scale doesn’t even make sense if you try to comprehend it as a human structure, right? Like, that is a structure— 

KEITH: Right, it’s not a human structure. It’s made of a mountain.

AUSTIN: Right, exactly. But has the— the kind of detail work of a building like they’ve chipped out a living quarters built into this space that’s as big as any city you’ve ever seen. So that’s, you know, in terms of “structure,” quote-unquote. That’s definitely—

KEITH: Yeah, so that it’s a building the size of a city. 

ALI: Does the— 

AUSTIN: You see— go ahead Ali.

ALI: Does the black tower have the same sort of ornateness as the rest of the towers?

AUSTIN: It’s hard to tell because you can only see the light of the other towers on it, right? From this distance. But you can tell that the very top does kind of curve back down and around so you know that there was at least some detail work being done there, do you know what I mean?

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: So there’s a lip at the very top. You also catch now that you’re up here past this fallen tower— you catch the smells of a bunch of different things. First, you get kind of a, like as you’re— before you get into the city proper you do catch coming upwind kind of northerly the smell of industry, of like things burning, a kind of fishy smell. And to the south you see past the Kingdom Come, which you can see clearly, fire and smoke coming out of these big grey structures which you see at the bottom of the map here. Do you see those?

JACK: Hm.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Uh, and, you know, I’m not going to make you roll for this because you’ve seen things like this before. Especially— I think especially Hella knows what these are.

ALI: Yeah. I was just about to say like she knows this right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, this is industry. These are factories, fisheries. The kind of— 

KEITH: You gotta get your cannonballs from somewhere.

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah. This is like— this is where, you know. So, Velas is an interesting place because it’s big for how terrible things are but it’s not very efficient, um, you know what I mean? It’s— 

KEITH: There’s not a really good city planner.

AUSTIN: Right. And they’re not— there’s not any industry happening there. Everything’s like the old way. Everything is handmade. There’s a baker who makes all of the bread in that town, do you know what I mean? Or there might be a couple of bakers but like there’s no, you know— they have fisheries or they have fishing but you just go to the market and buy fish from people like you don’t have— there’s no industrialisation. There’s no, um— 

KEITH: When you say the old way you mean the old post-Erasure way?

AUSTIN: Right, yes. 

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: Whereas this— 

KEITH: Not the immediately pre-Erasure way.

AUSTIN: Yes. This is the even older way which was very developed or in fact more developed than that even is what it feels like, do you know what I mean? I think Lem would know that. That like, you know, there was probably a factory in a city like this in the old days. Now there seems to be a system of them that you can see in the distance. You’ve maybe, you know— what this calls to Lem’s mind is the sort of war machine of great old empires that you’ve only heard stories about. The kind of like build up towards something, like we need a billion swords, we’re going to build a building where all we do is divide up labourers, start setting up the kilns, melting down the— 

JACK: Who wants to make swords? Everybody. Let’s go.

AUSTIN: Exactly.

JACK: So just to be clear as well, like, I’ve— we’ve heard about Nacre through stories and stuff but do we know that city exists?

AUSTIN: No. This city does not exist. This city was lost in the Erasure, Jack.

JACK: So this is just literally the first time— 

AUSTIN: Lem— Lem— 

JACK: —that we’ve seen it.

AUSTIN: You know for a fact that the Archivists don’t think this exists. 

JACK: Okay. Take that, Morbash.

AUSTIN: There’s maps of this space that show it as a disaster, like, oh, the great ruins of Nacre. And in fact, I mean what’s that make— how does that make Lem feel?

JACK: Well, Lem is really having like a field day today. The discovery of Hella’s sword and also like finding, you know— just kicking some dirt with his foot and finding the entrance to the Library of Alexandria that had miraculously survived the fire. Like he is— there’s a huge temptation to just massively have Lem attempt to derail the story by kind of running off into this city but I think he probably cares about Calhoun. Plus, I think that at the back of Lem’s mind there is sort of— there are sort of two major achievements here. One is the Kingdom Come he knows is going to be full of stuff, is going to be full of undead pirate stuff, is going to be full of stuff that links to this place, might contain maps to other places like this. And also, if he’s the first person out of here back to the Archives, y’know, the fact he’s wanted be damned. If he’s the first person out of here that says, “This is a real place.” He’s going to go down in history. 

AUSTIN: Right. So where do you go from here?

JACK: So we’re kind of at this top, uh, is there a— how do I ping? Can I ping?

AUSTIN: You double click. 

ALI: Actually— 

KEITH: No, no you hold to click. Hold to click.

ALI: Austin, before we continue can I ask— so we’re in this space but how does this space look normally from the outside? Cause it’s like— 

AUSTIN: I mean you just don’t see it. From the west when you were coming in you went through a thick fog that you could not see through. 

ALI: Okay. Is that fog always there?

AUSTIN: I dunno.

ALI: Cause in my head I’m thinking like Hella travels those seas pretty often and then also like Fero goes between Rosemerrow and Velas pretty often. How has this not been noticed before?

AUSTIN: So there’s two things happening here that you can imagine. One is that you can see this place is kind of, um, very nicely cushioned by these cliffs to the north and the south. And you can— I mean you can see it on the map but your characters haven’t seen this yet but there’s a single road leading out to the east and you have no idea what’s on that road or where that road goes, right? Like so who knows how you get here from the east. From the west you know that it’s this thick deep fog that was hard to penetrate and was scary. But two, you know this is an area now that Brandish has on lockdown. He has a fleet of dozens of ships here. This is one of those spaces where the Ordennan fleets have been attacked for years and years and years. The closer you get there the more dangerous it is. So what the fog doesn’t protect, Brandish’s armada does. 

JACK: So we’re lucky that Brandish has kind of, unfortunately for Captain Calhoun— Captain Calhoun has been the flare thrown that the alien has gone off and had a look at allowing us to— 

AUSTIN: What’s interesting— one interesting thing here that I just realised is among these ships, Hella, you notice some Ordennan ones. 

ALI: Oh, okay. 

AUSTIN: Of styles you thought, you know, of— you see old ships that went missing that are now just here. 

ALI: Okay. Can I ask if people like— are there stories about this light— these lights? Do people think that they see them as some sort of like spooky legend?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I’m sure that there is some sort of spooky legend.

ALI: Like has anyone— are we just seeing this because we’ve seen Brandish? 

AUSTIN: It’s hard to know but you do know you saw it once you passed through the fog, right?

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: And you’ve done it in a very careful way and you only— remember, if Fero hadn’t gone through first to check it out, you would have been wandering into doom. Do you know what I mean?

ALI: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: Y’know, there’s no— you know that there is no way that without his scouting and like careful guidance that you would have gotten here undetected. 

ALI: Okay, yeah. 

AUSTIN: So and it turns out no one in Ordenna can turn into a seabird. As far as you know. As far as you know.

ALI: That’s fair, yeah. That’s a good point sort of. 

KEITH: I’m a helpful boy! 

AUSTIN: Exactly. 

ALI: There’s sort of the like, “So this is what people were talking about.”

AUSTIN: Right. And, “This is where our stuff has gone,” and this is where— it almost didn’t make sense to you. Think about the love letter that Hella answered in the very very first session of the game where you stumble onto a little place where Brandish had tons of food and supplies that he’d been stealing. It was like him and his handful of best soldiers were there. Like but that was enough food to feed Velas for a year. So what was he fucking doing with that food? That food would have gotten bad, you know? And suddenly that kind of clicks into place that like, “Oh, that food was going to be transported here for these people to eat.” 

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean?

ALI: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Again, this is a city. This is a city of the population of Velas but in a smaller space or in like a tighter space. This is an old metropolis. 

ALI: Okay. 

AUSTIN: No one here has ever seen anything like this. Like the New Archives is probably the closest to it in terms of density but even that isn’t like a living— like so much of the New Archives is built to hold stuff that there are these big empty places that are empty of people, you know? Like just warehouses. This is a city. This is— there are people in these— or that there are people in that fallen tower at least. There are people in all of the buildings in each of these city blocks, just like filled. 

KEITH: So this is a place where you might have to wait for a hotel room. 

AUSTIN: Right, exactly. You fucking see hotels, right? Like there are— I don’t know if they’re being used as hotels anymore but as you— I mean where do you go from this fallen tower? From here, where do you head? From the kind of edge of this tower.

JACK: Down south?

AUSTIN: On this main street?

JACK: Along this kind of— 

KEITH: I know that this is a sort of self-explanatory probably but I do want to— do want to make sure that we all know that we all are being sneaky. All being real sneaky right now.

AUSTIN: There’s a point at which it’s hard to be sneaky though, right? Like are you sneaking through alleyways? Is that what you’re doing? What are you doing in terms of being sneaky?

KEITH: Well, at some point like do we think that it’s beneficial to instead of sneaking just look real hard like we’re supposed to be where we are?

JACK: No, it’s up to you guys to do that. Hella just looks real hard always. 

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: True. 

ALI: I mean the best way not to be discovered is to look like you belong in a place. 

KEITH: Yeah, so let’s just do that. I take back my sneaking plan.

AUSTIN: So you guys are just going down this main road basically? There? Oh, wait, is that the wrong— whoops sorry. I put that on the wrong layer.

JACK: Are there any— are there any orcs here?

AUSTIN: Not many. So you kind of stand out a little bit by default. There are a few like it’s— I was going to compare it to my life and talk about being in Black in London, Ontario, Canada. It’s not like it never happens? But it is not— 

JACK: It’s an unusual— 

AUSTIN: It’s, you know— you’re one out of a hundred, do you know what I mean? But there are— you can see that there are some orcs here because as you move towards this kind of coastline you see that this whole little area is a bunch— is a little marketplace with some gardens. You smell really good smelling fish. Alright, I’m gonna— here’s three things that happen one after another. One, Fero, you feel one of the strangest things you’ve felt. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: So I’ve talked earlier about how there are animals here that are undead and you could feel them as undead. You could feel their presence but you also understood that there was an absence of life there. You feel— you notice, okay, so I’m going to paint this picture. This is a collection of a kind of stone and marble gardens with a marketplace with stalls. Ali, I kind of have in mind Union Square in the fall or the winter before Christmas. This is kind of like— a very busy and people holding hands and people eating and talking.

KEITH: Wait, hold on. I’ve been to Union Square in December and that’s not what it looks like. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, it is.

ALI: No, it is.

KEITH: People holding hands?

AUSTIN: Yeah, dog. Absolutely.

ALI: There’s people way into it. It’s a very cute time of year. 

KEITH: I have not seen that. 

AUSTIN: You have not been there at the right times. 

ALI: Yeah, there’s a whole market.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s a whole— 

KEITH: It’s like mid-December. I dunno, I dunno.

ALI: Yeah well then think about the street in Boston where that big Macy’s is during the, um, the winter?

KEITH: Yeah?

ALI: Cause they do that too and it’s, I guess, nicer. It’s smaller but it’s the same kind of mood. 

AUSTIN: So— so there are these kinds of stalls there. These are a little bit more permanent than the stalls I have in mind, those kinds of holiday stalls. But there is— but there is still sort of a kind of like a fun ramshack-ly-ness to them. 

JACK: Like a little Christmas market.

AUSTIN: Yeah, these are little independent, you know, marketers. They’re selling their— whatever their goods are. Again, you can smell little treats that are really handmade. 

ALI: Or even more like a boardwalk?

AUSTIN: Yeah, a little bit of a boardwalk feel, totally. You definitely have that roasted peanuts smell here.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: There are children here running and laughing. Both alive-alive, both undead in the Captain Brandish way, and ghosts— ghostly spectral children. Fero, you are drawn. At this point your group is kind of like almost absentmindedly gets called into different directions. Fero, you’re pulled towards this group of people. A mix—again, living undead, ghastly, you know, spectral—who are smiling and talking and they kind of get quiet and you hear one of them. They’re not close enough for you to make out the words but one of them is very clearly giving a toast to someone else. It’s an undead man lifting a glass up to a spectral man who’s in his old age—has a nice big beard, his pants are a little too high up on his waist. He has a pair of ghost glasses on.

JACK: It’s an old fellow ghost.

AUSTIN: It’s an old fella ghost and the undead man is toasting to him and he smiles and shakes his hand and the two of them embrace. There’s some crying but there’s some— it’s sort of like one of those sad moments that’s also very joyous and the thing that you feel that you’ve never felt before is this ghost giving away his life, letting his life, his undeath slip away. So what was once an absence of life, like a notable absence of life, again, like that black tower blocking out the stars, the stars kind of come shining back through. There’s just— it’s not just an undeath there anymore. Just, nature fills that vacuum, that void as the ghost vanishes and kind of separates from our realm. 
 
KEITH: Mm-hm.

AUSTIN: Lem, you are just— you are in love. This is the best. This is the best. There are— everything— you need to catalogue everything here. No one has eaten this food. No one has heard these sounds. There are people singing songs no one’s ever heard before or they, you know— you hear a chord progression that’s like, “Oh! This was bastardized and turned into this other song.”

KEITH: How did Brandish get this shit?

AUSTIN: You got to this beautiful beautiful little breadstand and like picking through the bread you’re like, “Oh this is really good.” You look to your left and there also buying bread is Emmanuel. 

ALI: No! 

AUSTIN: Hella, you are like— kind of like, “Oh my fucking god. This shit.” 

ALI: Yeah, no, I’m super not having a good time here. I just had the thing where I just got depressed because of my sword. I’m not feeling good at all. 

JACK: Aw. 

AUSTIN: Your sword has been behaving thankfully. You in fact are probably feeling the most depressed of all because you see a little boy running around and you hate— nah, it’s not because you hate little children. 

ALI: No.

AUSTIN: And he’s running around and tugging on people’s sleeves to give them a broadsheet like this kind of printed— you’ve maybe seen a few of these on Ordenna maybe? None in Velas I don’t think. Basically super early newspapers, right? Big broad sheets of paper with information printed on them and there on one that he’s giving out to people you see a sketch of Captain Calhoun and underneath it just says, “Back, in chains,” and you see his face and then— I mean, do you take one of these from him?

ALI: Um, yes. 

AUSTIN: Okay.

ALI: Wait, is there like a fee for the newspaper?

AUSTIN: He does put his hand out.

ALI: Aw, um— 

KEITH: Do not cause a scene in this pirate cove!

ALI: My money won’t work here. 

AUSTIN: Your gold will, maybe. 

ALI: Maybe?

AUSTIN: Remember? It’s like the way gold works, we’ve decided was, it just works. 

JACK: This is the awkward moment of like in the french bakery going, “Ah, c’est combien?” and the person looking at you and you looking at them and looking at your euros.

ALI: Should I do like the teen in Barnes and Noble thing where I look at the front of it and hand it back?

AUSTIN: Yes, totally. You totally can. You see underneath it says, “Lord Tristan the Ninth, the Ivory Crown, locked away in the black tower.”

[AUTUMN12]

FANTASMO: Previously on Friends at the Table…

AUSTIN: The last time we recorded.

DRE: Okay, so we decided that we had to go to the Mark of the Erasure. Uh, marching in there, we killed an owlbear. That was pretty rad. 

AUSTIN: Mmhm.

DRE: Then we ran into a cursed lake where there was like an ice monster? We killed it and the lake became less frozen. I mean it’s still cold, ‘cause it’s in the Mark of the Erasure, but not—less frozen.

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: Uh, we made our way around the lake to a cabin where we found an old goblin man who let us in and explained to us the phenomenon of The Nameless.

AUSTIN: Okay, Kindrali was He Who Remembers The Day.

NICK: Oh right, yeah.

AUSTIN: And he has also become wordless but only very recently. 

MEE KOSH: Hmm, if he had his words, Kindrali…Kindrali could help.

AUSTIN: There used to be an owlbear in this place.

DRE: Oooh. Okay. Got you.

ART: This guy just like, muscled this owlbear out. 

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: Which should say something, given the strength of that owlbear. It twists and winds in a way that is off-putting, but not necessarily confusing. Right, this isn’t a maze. There aren’t lots of splintering paths but after about ten minutes of walking you realize that like, you don’t really know where you are in the mountain anymore.

DRE: Mmhm.

AUSTIN: If that makes sense. Umm. You also notice, as you get closer and closer, bodies, here and there. First a couple of snow elves, their bodies smashed into each other, mangled together, left to rot. Then a couple of goblins, their heads missing, spat against the far wall. It’s getting a little more creepy but, you know, underlying all this is still Kodiak’s like- So at least Throndir, you definitely feel, you know, like you got a friend, you got a friend there.

DRE: Yeah. Yeah.

ART: Umm, I’ve got—

AUSTIN: Mmm.

ART: I might…ugh, fuck.

AUSTIN: Yeah?

ART: I’m, I think there’s a, there’s a move I want and I can’t… There’s a move I might want.

AUSTIN: What is it?

ART: Oh no, I guess not. I was going to do something dumb and I guess I can’t Discern Realities to not do something dumb.

AUSTIN: What were you going to not do dumb?

ART: I was thinking of like, ‘You know what we need, is a lot of noise. Like, just a big loud…” Like I don’t want to be like walking in here, like that could be anything. I want whatever’s in here to come to me.

AUSTIN & DRE: Mm.

ART: So like, what if I just like hit the wall with my halberd as hard as I can?

AUSTIN: Do you want to like set this up in a little bit more like sensible—do you think Hadrian is smart enough to know like, he shouldn’t just like, while you’re walking, just like BANG?

DRE: I could—

ART: I don’t know that Hadrian is that smart.

AUSTIN: What’s Hadrian’s Intelligence?

ART: 8.

AUSTIN: Mm. Hmm.

NICK: I could prestidigitate sound. 

AUSTIN: I think—

ART: I feel like honestly we’ve gone, we’ve gone in.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Like there’s no, like, like this isn’t advantageous terrain.

AUSTIN: Here’s…right right right. Right, but you could still set that up, right? Like what I think about is… What I’m specifically thinking about is there was the time you heard that dinner bell in the Tower of Eventide and you like immediately went into a defensive posture. 

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: And for me that illustrated something about Hadrian, which is like, even though he’s not book smart, we’ve talked about that before. Uh, he, he still tactically has his head on his shoulders. He knows like,

ART: Yeah

AUSTIN: Alright, I want—Well you just, your picture to me of this was, “I want to get a drop on this thing. Like I don’t. I want it to come to us. Not us to walk into whatever it is.” And that to me suggests some amount of forethought. You know?

ART: Sure.
 
AUSTIN: So, and I think you could, you totally could pick like a turn in this cave system where you could be like posted up against the wall, you know what I mean? Umm.

ART: Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I need to communicate that to everyone. Like, alright. 

HADRIAN: We’ve seen too many bodies in here. Whatever’s in here is fearsome, and strong, and—terrible. And we can’t let this—if we keep walking, we run the risk of just, yknow, blundering into this thing and then we become these—these bodies. We need to find a defensible position and try to call this thing out, and then hopefully we can parley with it, but if this turns into a fight, this needs to turn into a fight that we can win.

DRE: Austin, is there—there’s nothing I can like… Is the way that the bodies have been killed and mutilated, does that remind Throndir of any sort of monster or creature he’s either seen or heard of before?

AUSTIN: That’s a good question. I think it’s… I think the thing that rings out here for Thorondir is, the violence walks the line between what normally you would think of as a sentient creature-

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: and an animal, right, like. There’s no reason to kill a thing the way these things have been killed.

DRE: This is very intentional.

AUSTIN: But yet it’s intentional, exactly, exactly.

DRE: Yeah. This isn’t like an animal just ate someone’s head, this is—

AUSTIN: Right. 

DRE: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Exactly. But at the same time, it isn’t like a thing, it’s not a thing a person would do. No one you know would do this, even the goblins, maybe, especially after last night, wouldn’t’ve done this.

DRE: Wait, can I ask a question that I don’t want to explicitly ask. Are you sure this doesn’t look like something anyone I know would do.

AUSTIN: Yes.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: This is too, it’s just too messy, right? Um.

DRE: Yeah. Yeah.

ART: Oh my god, he’s gonna torture and murder us.

AUSTIN: Eh, I’m not saying no.

ART: No, you’re not!

DRE: Um.

THRONDIR: Yeah, Hadrian, you’ve got a good plan.

DRE: Um, Throndir, y’know, pulls an arrow from his quiver and puts it up on his bow and says,

THRONDIR: Although I don’t know if we’re going to be able to talk to whatever comes out of here.

ART: Alright, and barring any last minute objections from Fantasmo, I start railing—I find a bend or turn, anything that gives us even a little bit of extra space.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Give me one second and I’ll set it up for you. Alright, bring you guys over here. Where am I? Here?

DRE: Oh! Um, if we’re setting up at a bend? Throndir undoes the collar that’s lit and like, throws it down the hall.

AUSTIN: Do you like, bury it maybe? Okay, like further down behind you.

DRE: Yeah, so that whatever’s stepping out,

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah, good call.

DRE: -steps into that light, so we see it hopefully before it can see us.

AUSTIN: Sure. Right.

NICK: Good plan.

ART: Right, and yeah, and while we’re talking about positioning like, I have a polearm, right. That’s an anti-charge weapon, and so I’m gonna be like braced, so if he comes around that corner super fast, like he’s charging the whole way, I want him to run into my…thing. My halberd. Again, talking is still what I want to happen.

AUSTIN: Here’s my really shitty—cave, do you guys see this cave?

DRE: That’s a good cave, Austin.

ART: Yup.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s great. Here’s the big middle area, that’s like. 

DRE: I don’t know why you’re saying terrible things about this cave, it’s a nice cave.

ART: Wait, are we at the top one or the bottom— or we’re in the middle here?

AUSTIN: I don’t know! It’s up to you, where d’you wanna be?

ART: Y’know, I think you’re right, I think like—

DRE: There?

ART: I—what happens when I—

AUSTIN: You have to click and hold.

DRE: You just hold down left click.

AUSTIN: Yeah, click and hold to paint.

ART: Okay. So like.

AUSTIN: That one.

ART: So like if Hadrian’s here, y’know, that’s so—if he just like barrels around here like, not like someone who’s coming to talk, he’ll run into a sharp thing.

AUSTIN: Right. Mhm. Actually, you guys can have, wait, one second, delete that really quick. Just that.

NICK: Sorry.

AUSTIN: No it’s fine. I’m gonna…

ART: And I think our archer would be best served over here.

DRE: Yup.

AUSTIN: Let’s do… 

DRE: Um, what’s the range on my bow, in terms of cubic squares?

AUSTIN: Pretty far.

DRE: Alright. I wanna see what’s coming around this corner.

ART: I’m trying to think of a non-confrontational way to call someone out, and it’s not coming, so at this point I don’t think—

AUSTIN: What kind of dog do you have again?

DRE: Uh, he is—

NICK: Ah, I was muted that whole time.

DRE: Like a big Tibetan mastiff.

AUSTIN: Mastiff, right. 

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Not a husky.

DRE: No. Uh, the other day I was working on a Saturday and I saw two huskies and a mastiff walk by, and I was like, woah! These are all large dogs.

AUSTIN: Well, there isn’t—I don’t have a mastiff. I do have this buddy, though.

DRE: That works.

AUSTIN: Or that buddy. Wow, that’s really big, wait!

DRE: That’s a big doggie. I hope you’re recording this on OBS.

ART: Woah, that dog’s bigger than all of us. Aww.

DRE: Perfect.

AUSTIN: Alright! We’ve set up.

NICK: What is that, is that a—?

AUSTIN: I don’t know what this is.

DRE: No, you didn’t control this dog?

NICK: That looks like a, uh, it’s a… Ah, what is, it’s that Japanese breed—

DRE: Oh, a shibu inu? Shiba inu?

NICK: Yes.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think that might be right. What the hell’s his name? Right. Right right right. It’s, uh…Kodiak. I keep thinking—yeah. I just get confused. I’m very confused.

NICK: Yeah, that’s totally a shiba inu.

AUSTIN: So where are you putting this dog at?

DRE: I’m putting—he’s gonna be close to Art.

AUSTIN: I mean, he’s yours, so you can—you should be—okay. That’s right. Okay. Good. How are you making noise or getting attention, what are you doing?

ART: Remind me of this dude’s name?

AUSTIN: Kindrali.

ART: Kindrali. So like I take the blunt end of my halberd, I kind of rap it against the wall a couple of times. I shout like,

HADRIAN: Kindrali! We—we regret that we have invaded your space, but we need your help. Please. Come talk to us.

AUSTIN: Hmm. You hear like, the lightest stirring in the distance for a few moments, and then…you feel a burst of air. Warm air. And then it stops.

ART: Mm.

DRE: Like a big sigh.

AUSTIN: Maybe.

ART: But no movement.

AUSTIN: No.

DRE: Are we sure we know what Kindrali is?

NICK: Uh.

ART: Not as sure as I was a minute ago.

AUSTIN: Good question. Tell me what you think Kindrali is at this point, as a party.

DRE: Ah—

NICK: I thought he was a goblin.

DRE: Yeah, me too, but I’m not sure anymore.

ART: He’s like, a sacred goblin.

DRE: Yeah, like, I imagined him as being a goblin shaman, like a spiritual leader of sorts. Shaman? Shaman?

NICK: Was he—was Kindrali one of the, sort of pagan demigod things that he had little shrines to?

AUSTIN: It seems—no. He wasn’t one of those, but the way he talked about him made it seem like he existed closer to those than to us.

NICK: Sure.

DRE: Mm.

AUSTIN: In fact, maybe you—was he? He might’ve been one. It’s been two weeks and I haven’t heard that recording yet. It’s totally feasible that he could have been one, is what I’ll say. So old and knowledgeable, and so powerful—

ART: Yeah, I’m looking for some kind of ultra goblin.

AUSTIN: Right. Okay. I wanted to make sure that I knew what you thought it was.

ART: Yeah, like, if it’s—I’m expecting something that looks like a goblin but is somehow more powerful. If like, a giant spider comes around this corner…

AUSTIN: Right. Right! 

ART: I’m gonna be real confused.

NICK: Um.

AUSTIN: I mean, nothing’s coming, from what you’ve just done.

ART: I knock again and say, like,

HADRIAN: Kindrali, we’ve lost important words. We’ve heard you could…that perhaps we could help each other.

NICK: Without… Like, there’s a beat after Hadrian finishes, and then Fantasmo, uh, using Prestidigitation to amplify his voice—

AUSTIN: Ooh.

ART: Uh-oh.

DRE: Oh boy.

NICK: Uh.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and roll it.

NICK: Yeah, I’m gonna bring up my character—I wish character sheets in this had like, a minimize.

AUSTIN: That would be cool.

ART: Oh, I just made mine really small and worthless, and so like—

AUSTIN: Oooh, and then you just drag it up really quick—

ART: Right, then you like.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: I’ve also added all my titles to the name thing?

AUSTIN: I see that. 

ART: So it’s just worthless in general.

NICK: Oh, yeah, so I rolled a 12 on that.

AUSTIN: Okay. So make—

NICK: So I’m amplifying the voice, and he says,

FANTASMO: Kindrali! The man wishes to speak with you!

NICK: And then he—Fantasmo immediately drops his guard and goes invisible.

FANTASMO: This won’t work.

AUSTIN: Mmfhh. Great. The words—

ART: This is probably better than my terrible plan. My next move was going to be bad.

AUSTIN: There is an echo, now, in this—your Prestidigitation works in a way that it echoes out the word you, you, you, you, you. And also, caught up in it somehow, are, is the word words, as Hadrian shouted, “We’ve lost important words.” And the two kind of mingle together and echo back and forth here. And you do hear a bit of movement in the distance. But…the second thing you hear is…a buzzing of flies.

DRE: Well, that sounds terrible.

AMBIENT NOISE: Words, words, words, you, you, you. Words, words, words, you, you, you—bbzzzzz—you, you, you…

AUSTIN: And the buzzing starts to take on the form of these words, bit by bit.

ART: Okay?

AUSTIN: Um, Thorondir, I think, is probably the one here. Give me… I—okay, so wait, where is the light at this point? Tell me where the light is.

ART: It’s on the—oh, it’s not on the dog anymore.

AUSTIN: No, it’s not on the dog anymore, so tell me where it is, and kind of how you see it.

DRE: I’d say it’s probably around the bend, probably—here?

AUSTIN: Wait, do that again?

ART: I thought it was the other way, I thought it was like, here.

DRE: No no no no no. I threw it up ahead, so when it came around the corner, we could see it.

AUSTIN: You’d see it, but he wouldn’t see you yet.

DRE: Yeah, yeah yeah.

ART: Ohh.

AUSTIN: Then you see them. Then you see the flies, as they come around the corner. To be clear, this buzzing was a different sound than the distant movement that you heard earlier. But you see them, and they do… They kind of swim right past you. They don’t move the way flies do. They move the way—again, the word swim to me makes the most sense. They move…as if they’re swimming through reality. They move the way—Fantasmo? They move the way that your invisible servant moves, if that makes sense. Right?

DRE: They are like an ontological Michael Phelps.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: That’s correct.

NICK: What?

AUSTIN: I’m just going to toss something down here. Yeah, that works.

NICK: You’re an ontological Michael Phelps.

AUSTIN: Great! Throndir.

DRE: Yes.

AUSTIN: Give me a Defy Danger, CON.

DRE: Constitution?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: Sure! 7.

AUSTIN: Okay. You…you feel the first stings of hunger. It’s a little strange, um, because you know you ate this morning, you know that Mee Kosh fed you when you were there, and it’s way too early in the day for someone who’s spent this much time in these woods as you to start getting hungry again. Um, but you can tell that there’s something very, uh…there’s something unnatural about this hunger, but it’s growing in your stomach as the time moves forward. Quickly.

DRE: Mm.

NICK: Does Fantasmo actually see these things swimming?

AUSTIN: Yeah!

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: No no no, no no no, sorry. They’re just flies that are—they are flies, but they as a mass move through the air not the way flies move, not like buzzing back and forth. So yeah, everyone-

NICK: No, I know, but I mean—

AUSTIN: sees them when I say the word swimming, like floating without, like—moving not from the propulsion of their…—Oh, you mean as you’re invisible.

NICK: Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.

AUSTIN: Sorry, I forgot that you were invisible. No. You don’t see them.

NICK: Okay. 

AUSTIN: No. …Um. What do you do?

NICK: Fantasmo, uh, looks down at his servant and he says,

FANTASMO: Servant, what’s happening?

SERVANT: Shrug.

DRE: Great.

AUSTIN: While holding your books. Shrug.

NICK: Yeah, he just like, turns slowly, turns his little neckless stone face up toward Fantasmo and then shrugs, and it makes like a—as he shrugs it’s like the sound of stones grinding against each other.

AUSTIN: Mhm. But Thorondir and Hadrian then, who can see these flies, what do you do?

ART: Uh, what here is evil?

AUSTIN: Not the flies, exactly, but a thing around them, certainly.

ART: Oh, crap. Um.

AUSTIN: Also, two other figures moving in the distance. With each step, you can hear the sound of malice echoing out from deeper in the cave.

ART: Ooh. “The Sound of Malice” is also the name of my new album.

AUSTIN: Great. Nailed it.

ART: I mean, I don’t know how to attack a swarm of flies.

AUSTIN: That sounds fair.

ART: And that’s, y’know, all my tools are hammers.

NICK: Is “The Sound of Malice” a death metal cover of Simon and Garfunkel songs?

ART: Yes, it is!

DRE: Perfect. Beautiful.

AUSTIN: Nailed it. Perfect. Yup! Ideal.

DRE: Um, I guess—like—

NICK: I would actually listen to that.

AUSTIN: Mhm. That’s fair.

DRE: Throndir is just trying to get away from these flies. So he’s trying to like—I almost want to say he’s running towards Hadrian, to get away from these flies. And maybe even he’s running towards Hadrian because he wants to move into the light so he can see those stupid things.

AUSTIN: Sure, sure.

ART: Yeah, it's probably—

AUSTIN: Go ahead and move yourself, tell me where you're at here. So Hadrian's right up against the bend of this cave. This cave at this point is a series of three bends. It's like an S on its side, sort of, and they're in the middle bend. There's a third bend ahead of them, and there's a first bend behind them, which is where Fantasmo is.

ART: Wait a minute, I've seen flies before. If you swat at them, they move. I might be able to just disperse them just by swinging a weapon in there. Uh, so, you know, everyone put that on my tombstone.

AUSTIN: So go ahead and do that.

ART: Uh, yeah.

DRE: He died as he lives, attacking flies with a halberd.

AUSTIN: Nice!

ART: I rolled real well.

AUSTIN: Go ahead and roll your damage. And also—

ART: That's actually, that was two 6s. That's, that's a perfect roll.

AUSTIN: That is a perfect roll. That might be our first perfect roll.

DRE and NICK: Dang.

AUSTIN: If it isn't it's damn close.

ART: Uh.

NICK: There's no crits in Dungeon World, is there?

AUSTIN: No, there are not. Though, with hits like that—

ART: I got a, well, that's an 8 plus 1, so that's a 9.

AUSTIN: A 9 on the, yeah. Uh, you… As you cut through it, you do feel that your halberd cuts into something before it reaches the flies.

ART: Deep.

AUSTIN: And they, hmm. They—you. Here's what happens. You—cut through it, and the flies do disperse as you expect. They kind of separate from this thing, and flutter up away, and then, almost catch fire, right.

ART: Ooh.

AUSTIN: A kind of bright blue fire. But, as you pull your halberd back—I mean, and they're gone. You recognize the way that these things kind of lit on fire, it reminds you of the magic of when the ice guy that you fought last time melted, from the torch flame.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: It's kind of a dispersion, a kind of—I think maybe even from Fantasmo's invisibility, it's, you can see these blip. For just a moment, you see them blip in the invisible zone.

ART: Are these like forgetting how to be things?

AUSTIN: I—Good question. Um,

NICK: The invisible zone.

AUSTIN: but when you pull your halberd back up, Art, you see that whatever that was ate through bits of your halberd.

DRE: Ugh!

ART: Oh, no.

AUSTIN: Lose the minus 1 extra damage it does until you rest and can resharpen it.

ART: Okay, there's no, okay I'll just remember that, there's no—

AUSTIN: Just—yeah, there’s—I don't think so. Uh…

DRE: Woof.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Yeah. That's okay, worst come worst, I'll just punch things until my hands don't exist anymore.

DRE: Oh boy. 

AUSTIN: That's fair.

DRE: Yeah, good thing I didn't do my initial thing, and that was to, like, slap at these flies.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that would've been bad. That would've been extra bad, let me say so.

ART: Well, I'm wearing armor, right, so once the gauntlets on my armor stop existing, that's when I'll know it's time to stop punching things.

AUSTIN: Right. Fair. I marked your thing with a—

ART: And then I'll move on to kicks, and then headbutts,

AUSTIN: Great.

ART: and then chest bumps.

NICK: Uh, at this point Fantasmo rematerializes, just to see what's going on. 'Cause he hasn't seen any of this so far, so.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo. Give me… a Defy Danger: Wisdom.

NICK: Okay. That's just a Wisdom roll, right.

AUSTIN: Mhm. That's good.

DRE: Man!

AUSTIN: Killing it today on rolls, y'all.

ART: Yeah.

DRE: Don't worry, I'll bring us down soon enough.

AUSTIN: You hear her walking—you hear her walking towards you, before you see her. To your right, a thin, slender snow elf approaches you, and she puts her finger up to her lips as if to shush you. What do you do?

NICK: Uh. Turn invisible again. I don't know. No, uh.

DRE: This guy—

AUSTIN: This guy. No, that's—if—She will act, if you do that, that is fine, that is a fine action—that is—that’s acceptable. I know what she'll do if you do that.

NICK: No, I mean—Well, okay, look. Fantasmo doesn't take orders from people. So he's not gonna pay attention to her shush.

AUSTIN: Sure! Good call.

NICK: He ain't gonna be about no shh lady shushin' him.

DRE: Yeah, way to be alpha, bro.

AUSTIN: Great.

NICK: Uh, so, Fantasmo just says,

FANTASMO: Madam, I demand you explain yourself.

AUSTIN: From behind you, you hear…Fantasmo yelling at a woman.

ART: A mystery woman, right? None of us—

AUSTIN: None of you see her… I mean, she’s—so here's the thing, is she's like around the corner, here.

ART: Sure, she's probably like, here, or something? Or I guess she’s right here.

AUSTIN: So from your positions, you can't—…That's almost exactly—I have her here, basically. So like around the corner, where only he can see her from your current positions. Um, she's bald with very pointed ears, and kind of—

ART: She's probably completely in the dark, right?

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: But there's—people coming—

AUSTIN: He can see her off of the— reflection of the light that's up ahead, bouncing back and forth, you know what I mean? Like, it's diffused through this area, and so he can make her out from here? But like, not very…not very well.

ART: Earlier you mentioned people coming from this way.

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: Uh, are they, do I hear them? Do I see them?

AUSTIN: Mhm. So from ahead, from forward, you hear the, um…you hear the… Okay. The first thing that you see is that the blue light from ahead, changes just a little bit. into a sort of…a sort of purple-y light?

ART: Oh…

AUSTIN: That's the first thing that happens.

ART: Oka—I’, wondering if I can abandon this post to go see what's up over there.

AUSTIN: Defin—you definitely could.

ART: Well, it definitely sounds like a bad idea.

AUSTIN: So we'll say— 

DRE: Uh, as Hadrian is—is Hadrian moving forward?

ART: I think—yeah, I think I wanna like pop out, I think I wanna go…here.

AUSTIN: So around the corner so you can peek in. And again, can—Thorondir,

ART: Here we go.

AUSTIN: can you show me your—where you put the light at again?

ART: From like here?

DRE: Yeah, I would say like here-ish.

AUSTIN: Okay. Yeah. So, at—

DRE: While he's moving, Throndir is moving back, like, into the shadows but also maybe down so he can cover Hadrian as he's moving around the corner.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: Can we—

AUSTIN: As you come around there, Art, you see that there's a second bright red light source from, to the kind of up-and-over? To the northeast in this cave, around this bend. Um, it's rolling further up than that, even, up to—oh, I'm in the wrong mode, shit. Here. Up here, and then slowly coming down, closer and closer. It's— It's like, what if instead of, you know how a light, a fire on the end of a wick, it burns and melts down the candle? It's like, what if the space between there and here was a candle, being melted down, and there was an invisible wick separating you from there. Uh,

ART: What?

AUSTIN: A ball of red fire is pushing, is like… It’s burning through the reality between you and there.

DRE: Jesus.

ART: Holy fuck.

AUSTIN: Towards you. You are getting awfully warm.

ART: Yeah, I guess, I guess, having seen this, I start retreating to help Fantasmo, who is both—seems to be in danger and is not closer to the giant flaming red ball.

AUSTIN: Right. Fantasmo, at this point, she reaches out for you. What do you do?

NICK: Um—

AUSTIN: Like with a single hand, towards your mouth, as you start to scream. Like, with a sort of practicality, like a—"shut up!" type of movement.

NICK: Well I, I dodge her hand, but I—

AUSTIN: Okay, so that's a, Defy, give me a Defy Danger: Dexterity first, and then we'll follow up.

NICK: That's not a good one.

AUSTIN: Oh, boy. It isn't. Um.

NICK: Old wizard man's not very dextrous.

AUSTIN: Her hand touches your mouth for just a second. I think, Art, by the time Hadrian gets around this corner, and like, are you turning to look at Fantasmo? Or are you just backing the way you came?

ART: Yeah I think, I think turn, and move.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, as you move back up, you see her hand on his lips, or across his mouth, and then she pulls it away, and puts it back up to her—puts a finger back up to her lips to shush him again.

ELF: Shhhh.

ART: But she's not like, menacing him.

AUSTIN: No. She starts to walk towards Thorian next. Or—Thorian? Thorondir,

DRE: Throndir.

AUSTIN: next. Throndir.

DRE: Do I, do I recognize her?

AUSTIN: No, in fact, she's approaching you and is very clearly about to do the same, when you notice that there's something just a little bit wrong about her. Um, in general, let's say, snow elves tend to have very—what color are your eyes?

DRE: Um, let's say like, green? Like a gr—yeah, green.

AUSTIN: Okay. Hers are a deep black. And you've never seen a snow elf to have eyes like that before.

DRE: Um, what's it—

NICK: I mean, that's kinda weird for anybody.

DRE: Yeah. It's—not the norm.

AUSTIN: It is. It—ah, let's say, in this world it happens here and there, 'cause weird magic shit.

NICK: Okay.

DRE: ‘Cause, y’know, post-post apocalypse.

AUSTIN: Y'know. Orcs have black eyes sometimes and those are part of society at this point, so. Um.

NICK: Yeah, okay.

DRE: Um, I mean, but she looks like a snow elf, though. Like, weirdness aside.

AUSTIN: Other than that. Other than that one thing, yeah. And she's about to reach out to your mouth too. What do you do?

DRE: Um. I say, in the snow elf tongue, like, quietly, almost like a whisper,

THRONDIR: Who are you?

ELF: Shhhhhhh.

AUSTIN: And she reaches out to touch you on the mouth, she covers your mouth for a second, and then pulls away, and starts to work towards Hadrian.

ART: Is she evil?

DRE: What happens if—What happens if I—

AUSTIN: Yes!

DRE: Aw, shit. I'm gonna—agh…

ART: I, I swing.

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

ART: I guess it's more like a stick at this point.

AUSTIN: Mhm. Also Kodiak is just losing his shit at her, at this point. The second she touches you.

DRE: Yeah. Uh, while Throndir is swinging, what would happen if Thorondir tried to ask again, who are you?

AUSTIN: Good question. Nothing comes out.

DRE: Yeah, I figured. 

AUSTIN: Um.

ART: I got a 9.

AUSTIN: So that means you can do your damage, and also take damage.

ART: Yeah.

ART: 7.

AUSTIN: She like, reaches out to you with a single finger to like, put on your lips. And you feel the words sneak out of you, you feel like you've lost the ability to speak for a brief second, but then, you pierce her with her halberd. And then again, her body kind of disintegrates in its place, and Fantasmo and Thorondir can speak again.

DRE: Hm.

ART: Man, I really feel like I should go stab that ball of fire, but it's not gonna work.

DRE: You don't know, man. You gotta roll for the fire.

ART: Yeah, I'm on a fuckin' roll, everything I touch dies.

NICK: As Hadrian, um, cuts the snow elf lady, there's just, um… You guys hear Fantasmo in the middle of an uproarious rant, like someone just hit the unmute button.

AUSTIN: Ah, that's really good.

NICK: And talking about like,

FANTASMO: How dare you touch me! You…vile…cave-dweller, dirty creature, blah blah blah.

DRE: Ahh… So there's still this giant rolling fireball, huh.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Oh, is that it? Is it, is it—so it's—

AUSTIN: And in fact…

ART: Is it that person-y, or is that just a stand-in?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it's just that this is a stand-in. Like there, I'll put it on its side so it doesn't look like it's too, too on its, too like a person. And it is, it's just rolling towards you, closer and closer, and it’s getting hotter and hotter as it approaches.

ART: Uh, uh,

HADRIAN: Shoot it,

ART: I yell.

DRE: Yeah. I'll let fly an arrow.

AUSTIN: Go ahead. 

DRE: and I'll also yell,

THRONDIR: What the hell is that thing?

DRE: Or whatever the elf equivalent of "hell" is.

ART: Is it wide, does it take up the whole thing or is that about how big it is?

AUSTIN: I think it's, nah, I think it's really wide. I think it's like, moving down it. It's big.

ART: Sssure.

DRE: This is like, Temple of Doom style.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Yeah, I guess I want to see if this arrow does anything, and if it doesn't, I think we need to, we need to run.

DRE: Okay.

NICK: Fantasmo runs. Already. Before they even light up the shot.

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: Let one fly here.

SOMEONE: Woop, woowoowoowoo…

DRE: 7.

AUSTIN: Okay, so on a Volley, with a 7, you can move to—you have to move to take the shot, or you can do minus 1d6 damage, or you can take several shots, reducing your ammo by 1.

DRE: I'll reduce my ammo by 1.

AUSTIN: Actually, you know what? This is stupid. You shouldn’t've had to make that roll, because the second you make one attack you realize that your arrows are just caught up in this thing's flame.

DRE: Gotcha.

ART: Alright. Let's run.

AUSTIN: So you don't have to lose any arrows, or you don't have to lose any ammo.

DRE: Okay. Yup. Full again.

AUSTIN: Alright. The crew flees this thing. You make it out towards the front of the cave. Let's, um, here's what I'm going to do. I'm gonna, let's pretend like this thing is split, like a nice easy, let's just do a..

ART: I don't think I can command this thing. Although it's evil…ruuhh… Maybe it's a thing. Too late.

AUSTIN: Guess. It doesn't have to be too late.

NICK: Did—wait—

AUSTIN: That's my new pop song.

ART: I don't think I can do this thing while I'm… I guess I could. It feels like I wouldn't be able to do this I Am The Law shit while moving.

DRE: Uh…

AUSTIN: Probably, yeah, that's a good point. That’s a good point.

ART: No, like, representing divine authority is a, is a stationary thing.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: So if I can’t get good space on this, it's essentially useless.

NICK: Hadrian—Sword of Samothes—Defender of the Flame—Vessel of the Undying Fire—Member of the Order of Eternal—

AUSTIN: Exactly. 

ART: Word.

AUSTIN: Hup… There we go. So this is the bottom here.

DRE: As Throndir is running, he yells up to Fantasmo,

THRONDIR: Do you know what that thing is?

NICK: Uh.

AUSTIN: That’s a good question—

DRE: 'Cause he assumes, 'cause it's magic, he just assumes that Fantasmo will know what it is.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Uh. Fantasmo says.

FANTASMO: I know that it's getting farther away from me!

AUSTIN: Do you want to roll, uh, Spout Lore?

NICK: No. Fantasmo doesn't care. He just wants to get the f—eff out of here.

AUSTIN: That's the wrong way, my bad. Uhhh…

ART: I mean, we're not going to stay out of here, we're going to stay at the front of the cave and then when it's gone, we're gonna go back in.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: Sure.

AUSTIN: Sure. As it—

ART: I ain't giving up. I got words in there.

AUSTIN: As it spills out of the cave into this kind of snowy outcropping here, it begins to melt the snow as it moves after you. What do you do?

ART: Oh, it's like following us.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: Is it still like, melting reality, also?

AUSTIN: Yes. Yeah!

NICK: Hm, uh…

DRE: Throndir's gonna peel off away from the group and head towards the thick trees.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you're—party is splitting up. Okay.

ART: I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to command it to stop.

AUSTIN: Okay. How do you do that?

DRE: Yeah, you do that, buddy. I'm going for the trees.

ART: Uh, y'know…

AUSTIN: Also, yeah, you guys can position yourselves generally here, if you’re not here just pull yourselves back up to that top map.

ART: Oh wait, what?

AUSTIN: Uh, obviously you were staying—Oh, she's also gone, she's dead.

ART: She's dead. So yeah, I try to find, I try to get enough distance to turn, and…y'know,

HADRIAN: Creature of flame, uh, I am the Defender of the Undying Fire—I am Hadrian, Defender of the Undying Fire, you will yield and let us pass.

AUSTIN: Okay, go ahead and make your roll.

ART: It was nice knowing you guys.

AUSTIN: Nice touch talking about the undying fire.

DRE: You crazy for this one, Art. You crazy for this one.

ART: 7!

AUSTIN: On a 7, what happens..? You don't get to plus 1, right?

ART: Wait… Why is that number red?

AUSTIN: Good question, oh, 'cause you rolled a 1.

ART: Oh.

AUSTIN: 1 plus 4? I guess? No, I don't know why. That's weird.

NICK: Yeah.

ART: On a 7 to 9—

NICK: I've been wondering, why, what these things are for.

AUSTIN: So green is definitely a—so we're talking about our Roll20 screen now, for people who obviously can't see it. Green is definitely a good success, a high success.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Blue—

ART: Green is a 6, blue is a 1 and a 6, red is a 1.

AUSTIN: Wait, what do you mean. What do you mean, green is a 6.

ART: If you mouse over it—

AUSTIN: But that's a rolled 6, that's like a proper roll, right?

ART: Right.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: It's like, I guess if you're playing a system that cares about the individual dice.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, that must be it. I don't know—yeah.

ART: So, so 7 is they can do what I say, back away cautiously then flee, or attack me, and considering it's already attacking me, y'know.

AUSTIN: Mhm. Yeah, but that would mean—yeah.

ART: I'm the Defender of the Undying Fire, we're basically brothers.

AUSTIN: And so it just means you don't get the plus 1 forward, right.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, it does attack you but it specifically attacks you in this very specific way, which is that it like, um. It peels away from that one, from that spot? Like, at the mouth of the cave? And it slowly kind of spreads out around you. Encircling you, keeping you trapped here, separated from Thorondir and Fantasmo.

ART: Alright, I guess this is it, boys.

AUSTIN: Uh—the way into the cave is still open, at this point. But it has…kind of cut you off from them.

ART: I guess I like, cautiously move to the mouth of the cave?

AUSTIN: I mean, it's gonna… Yeah. Okay.

ART: Like, if it's letting me go in there—

AUSTIN: Well, it isn't so much doing—it's just in this brief moment, it has kind of spilled out around you in this way, and you know that in a split second, it will probably close in on you. It doesn't feel safe, this isn't like, Oh, come on in! 

ART: I thought it was like, forcing me in. Like, I thought it was like, it's worse in here.

AUSTIN: I'm just letting you know. No. No, it's not doing that. In another second—I mean, you could probably just run through the fire, too. D'you know what I mean?

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: But. But.

ART: I mean, I guess I'll do that, I'll try to get into the cave.

AUSTIN: Okay!

ART: Is that Defy Danger?

NICK: But there's no—

AUSTIN: Yeah, give—Hm?

NICK: Is there a cave? I thought everything was being eaten.

AUSTIN: No, it's not being eaten. It's being distorted. It's not like un—It's burning through reality. It isn’t devouring the cave itself, the cave isn't gone.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean?

NICK: Yeah, no, I guess I imagined like, this fire was burning and there was like a starscape or a like hologram grid behind it.

AUSTIN: No. No—No.

NICK: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Sorry. I should've been clearer.

DRE: Through the fire and the flames, Art.

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah, give me—so are you just like, quickly doing, like—How are you defying danger here?

ART: Yeah, I imagine I'm doing it…quickly. I don't think-

AUSTIN: Uh yeah, I think that's probably it.

ART: I mean, yeah I guess there's a CON way of doing it, but I don't think that's what would occur to me-

AUSTIN: No, yeah.

ART: -in the moment. Like, "I'm just going to tough through this fire" is like not what a person thinks.

AUSTIN: Well, the other thing is, I'm really reserving toughing through it to not mean dodging damage. To meaning, I'm gonna get this thing done despite the damage. Like, normally, getting shot with arrows would stop me in my tracks. But, because I Defied Danger: CON, I'm able to continue forward and get the book on the pedestal, or whatever it is, y'know. That's kind of how I'm imagining—Or, again. Defy Danger: CON being, going without food, or water, like that sort of CON thing. But like, just pushing through weight or something would be Strength.

But anyway, in this case, I think DEX is the right case.

ART: Uh… Yeah! Just barely!

AUSTIN: Okay. Um… So on a 7-

ART: All about those 7s.

AUSTIN: -with Defy Danger, I offer you a worse outcome, hard bargain, or ugly choice. That's pretty… Hm. That might be too mean. That might be too mean. Um. Yeah, it also just doesn't make sense. Uh. As you get in, you feel the um, the pack that you're carrying catch fire, and the healing potion you're carrying snaps from the kind of, the belt that it's tied to you with? And it falls and shatters on the hard rock floor of the cave.

ART: Oh, that's a shame.

AUSTIN: It's a shame. But you get in. And for a moment, the briefest moment, this fire looks almost confused, as if it doesn't know what to do. Let's move you back up here, Art, just for convenience's sake. Obviously this isn't one-to-one, but. You're back up in the cave system at this point.

ART: In the cave system.

NICK: While all that is happening—

AUSTIN: Yeah, what are you guys up to?

NICK: Um. I wanna—Fantasmo, I wanna try to roll a Spout Lore.

AUSTIN: Sure!

NICK: Uh, 7, and I'm going to use my books too, so, plus 1.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you've, you've kind of—oh wait, no, you don't want to do that, because 7 plus 1 is still only an 8. Which, you need a 10 or above to get like a super success.

DRE: Mhm.

NICK: Oh. You’re right.

AUSTIN: 7 to 9 is like the… So yeah, save your books.

NICK: Yeah yeah. Sorry.

AUSTIN: Um, so I get to tell you something interesting, it's up to you to make it useful. Uh… interesting. I think it's clear to you at this point that each of these things, you're able to put it together based on what, what Mee Kosh told you, based on your experience here, that each of these things has been a missing word. A word that was stolen from someone. Mee Kosh told you before you left, to carry your important words close to you but not too close. In each of these cases, this feels like maybe it was someone carrying a little, carrying— carrying their words a bit too close, caring a bit too much about what they were. Whether that thing was their hunger, or their need for warmth, or quiet—uh, you're able to see—

ART: Oh, I hope it was that fuckin' group of books, I hope they came through here.

DRE: God, could you imagine if this dude got his hands on a dictionary? We would be screwed!

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, imagine if one of these things had more than one word. That would be bad.

DRE: Mhm. That would be like, Scribblenauts, from hell.

ART: Like ScribbleNazis.

AUSTIN: So—Yes.

DRE: Well. 

ART: That feels bad.

AUSTIN: Thorondir, let's go to you. You bounced, right? You're like, in the woods.

DRE: Well, I mean I think I ran towards the treeline but I probably like, was looking over my shoulder as this was going on and as I see—I mean, could I have seen Hadrian duck back in?

AUSTIN: You… Yeah, you see him duck back in, and are you like, hidden up against a tree?

DRE: Well, I think I've like stopped at the treeline and I've turned around because I'm like, what is Hadrian doing, why is he not running?

AUSTIN: Okay. Um, so what do you do?

DRE: So what's the fire doing?

AUSTIN: I'm asking you—let's talk about what you're—so you're stopped here, then. That's—

DRE: Yeah. Uh,

AUSTIN: That was, you're like, here? Okay.

DRE: I'm waiting to see if the fire is going to go after Hadrian, or is it gonna come after us.

AUSTIN: Okay, but you're waiting. So, so.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, what are you doing?

NICK: Um… Fantasmo is, uh, acting on the knowledge he just had, he's gonna start, like, yelling all of the synonyms for fire, starting with "fire," that he can think of. 

AUSTIN: Okay. Uh… but not with any like, like what's your emotional intent here, I guess?

NICK: Uh. Duress.

AUSTIN: With the—Like, what is your actual intent here? Okay.

NICK: I'm trying to, I'm trying to see if I can cancel it out.

AUSTIN: Okay. Uhh…

DRE: Mmm!

NICK: Or like, by calling its name, maybe I can—

AUSTIN: Right right right. I think it—

NICK:—gather some power over it.

AUSTIN: It definitely… You definitely have its attention. It like, it does respond as if you've said its name, as if you've called to it. Y'know?

NICK: Okay, sure.

AUSTIN: But it doesn't—you can see your words devoured in the air and become part of this fire. It's not making it stronger, or anything, I'm not screwing you over for this idea. But you can tell it's reacting to it, y'know?

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: Like, it's almost as if—

NICK: Am I forgetting these words? As I'm saying them?

AUSTIN: No, no, you're not. Because however deep the person who wanted warmth's desire was for it, yours is…put on. Like, there's a difference between the person who is freezing to death, wishing for a fire, and you trying—y'know.

NICK: I don't actually want fire. I want, I want power over this thing.

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly. And it knows that. Right. Exactly. Um.

ART: Oh, I don’t want to meet the thing of this that’s power.

AUSTIN: That’s a good question.

DRE: Oh boy. Can I—Can I tell, can I intuit from like seeing Fantasmo yelling fire and seeing it kind of perk up, Throndir starts to think of the first time he ever saw a big rainstorm. Like, which was probably not until like he got to Velas.

AUSTIN: Yeah, when was that? Yeah, I was gonna say—

DRE: Probably not until he got to Velas, because he's used to all this snow.

AUSTIN: Tell me about the first rainstorm you saw.

DRE: Uh… It was probably, he was probably still in the woods, coming out of the Erasure, and, um, like when he started feeling drops on his head…just had, just was completely baffled. And then when it started to just open up and just drench on him, he probably just stood there and laughed. Because it was such a bizarre, surreal experience, to see, like— He's probably heard of rain, right, like he's heard of it? But he's never felt it before in his life. Um. Like, the first time someone who's lived in Arizona their whole life runs into a snowbank.

AUSTIN: Right, right. Totally.

DRE: Um, so he thinks of that moment as hard as he can.

AUSTIN: Um, he like really—but are you just thinking about it? Like how—you see where the division is here, this is, it has to be the—I mean, there's a lot of things this has to be for this to happen. Like, to be clear, this isn't just everyone who's ever had a serious thought here has made that thing come true, right? Fantasmo does understand that these are creatures that are kind of catching onto real desires. They're not just—it’s not just like, oh, this place is cursed. He gets this. Fantasmo knows this at this point because he's the one who spouted lore and is the magician, and he's put all this together. But Thorondir maybe…thinks that will work. And…it's not out of the question, I guess. Give me…give me a… um. So I think this is almost a Parley. Give me a Parley roll.

DRE: Okay. Is that Charisma?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it is.

ART: Oh no.

DRE: Oh, boy.

AUSTIN: 'Cause I know what they want.

DRE: A 5.

AUSTIN: The lightning strikes you, like, near you, so quickly. You couldn't have imagined. But there is a thunderstorm out now. And that's not a thing you have the word for, in fact, you don't know what this stuff is that's falling on you, exactly. Like, you know, like, ah, it's wet st—Mm, you don't even, can't even, you've lost—

DRE: Aw man. I've lost the memory of rain. The word for rain.

AUSTIN: You don't ever see—but you can't—it's just, rain, and water, and wetness, and moisture, and all of that. But you felt it, you really did feel it. Which really goes to show your compassion for your companion, Fero. Or not Fero, goddammit. Keith's gonna kill me! Uh,

DRE: Yeah, a little bit.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo. But the rain does do what you hope it would, which is put out this fire. Things get slippery quickly, as the snow is rained on and reveal the hard ice underneath. What do you do?

DRE: Um. Make for the cave.

AUSTIN: Okay, I'm gonna have you roll a Defy Danger: DEX to get up the hill kind of, from the treeline? But Fantasmo, you're able to get back in pretty easily. Uh, give me the Defy Danger. What's up?

DRE: 10.

NICK: Why could Fantasmo do it easily?

AUSTIN: 'Cause you're still up in this general area. Do you know what I mean? Whereas Thorondir ran down to the treeline from this mountain. He like, sprinted away from the party immediately. So Fantasmo doesn't have any problem doing this. Um. sSo yeah. I'm gonna also pop you up to—You got it. Oops, sorry, I didn't mean to put you on top of each other. And at this point… So yeah, what did you roll, then? Oh yeah, successful?
 
DRE: 10.

AUSTIN: Great. Everyone's keeping track of their misses, also?

DRE: Mhm.

ART: Yep.

AUSTIN: Alright. Hadrian, what did you do—this is while all this other shit was happening? What did you do when you were outside?

ART: So I guess I'm trying to figure out, like, what's going on in this, is there another thing coming, is there like, I guess I’m like, I’m trying to move my way back, I don't know how long this is, but I’m trying to get like here.

AUSTIN: You do, easily. And you see, when you get here—you see—Fuck, I have to refresh this page, I hate you Roll20 sometimes, Not all the time, but sometimes, it breaks… You see at the, up to the top of the curve, a figure lit by the, um, the leash that had that light spell cast on it.

ART: Sure. I guess if I'm passing the leash, and I probably am, I'm probably going here. I pick it up.

AUSTIN: Okay. That's fair. I have to like, completely quit and come back in to this thing, I swear. The figure that you see is much larger than you were anticipating, it is fair to say. It is almost as tall as this cave is, big and round. You know, fourteen feet, fifteen feet tall. Probably, you know, ten wide. On the top of its green… head, its green, what do you call it? Not just fangs, but we described the orcs—like tusked, it has like a tusked mouth, and deep red eyes—is a little crown. Like a crown not the size of his head. And he wears a mix of metal and cloth. There is something regal about the man in front of you, or the thing in front of you, the troll in front of you. Or not troll, ogre is the word I'm looking for. The ogre in front of you.

ART: Does his crown look anything like my holy symbol? My ring.

AUSTIN: No, I mean only insofar as it's a crown. D'you know what I mean? But not—but beyond that, no. He says, in just a deep, moving voice,

OGRE: Welcome. Come with me.

AUSTIN: Hadrian, do you follow this thing back to wherever it's taking you?

ART: Yeah, yeah, you know, I'm open to the idea that I'm gonna go up there and he's gonna club me with his hammer, right?

AUSTIN: Uh, I should actually describe that it's not like a hammer—this token is holding a hammer. It's like, a giant scepter. It's like a giant gold and bronze and like, it's like a mix of a bunch of different metals, and pieces that have been crafted from a bunch of different hands, put together into what looks like a king's scepter. It peaks at the top of the—a kind of bulb, and it has a large ruby at the very tip.

ART: Ugh, well, there's evil and there's menacing, right? Like, Hella's evil, but I never think that like, she's just gonna stab me.

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah. Fair. Absolutely.

ART: Like this guy is not… This guy looks like he's on the up and up?

AUSTIN: He's like, acting like that, you know what I mean? He's definitely, like, you feel hospitality in his tone, at least. You know?

DRE: Hmm.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: So, whatever that means to you. Uh…

ART: I mean, at the very worst the cavalry's coming.

AUSTIN: Right, that's true.

ART: Uh… yeah, I approach, and I—I'm blanking on that name, it's good we're in the forgetting area.

AUSTIN: yeah, Kindrali.

HADRIAN: Kindrali, I presume.

KINDRALI: Mm. That's right. Sit.

AUSTIN: And he offers you a seat around like, a giant, there's some benches. This is like his, not like his bedroom, but his—shit. I done fucked up on this map.

ART: It's about to get sexy.

AUSTIN: Yeah. No,

DRE: That's weird.

AUSTIN: he offers you to sit—Did I just move these the wrong way? No, I didn’t, okay—on these benches that are around a big fire pit at the center of his like, living area. He has like, a bed of straw in one corner. Uh. And in the other, there are—it's like, his waste corner, and it's the bones of things he's eaten. Uh… The bones of men he's killed.

ART: Okay.

DRE: Cozy.

ART: Yeah, uh. Oh, fuck me.

AUSTIN: Yeah?

ART: I'm not allowed to suffer an evil creature to live.

AUSTIN: You're not, but, y’know. It's not immediate.

ART: We're not there yet. Yeah.

AUSTIN: you have some time. Right. Right.

ART: Uh, fuck. Aw. I don't want to do this. Um!

KINDRALI: What brings you—

ART: Alright, yeah, I sit down, I sit down.

KINDRALI: What brings you to this place?

AUSTIN: He says.

HADRIAN: My companions and I, we've lost important words, and we were told by a friend that you had too, you might be able to help.

KINDRALI: Mm.

AUSTIN: He nods.

KINDRALI: Ah. Many people lose words here. The thieves, they steal our words from us. I've lost a few myself. Ha ha ha!

HADRIAN: Can they be—can we regain our words? Can you help? Can we help you?

KINDRALI: Hm. Perhaps. What words, what sort of words have you lost?

AUSTIN: obviously he isn't going to say "what words."

ART: Right.

HADRIAN: Uh… Um. I've lost, I've lost the most important name in my life. I've lost—

KINDRALI: A loved one?

AUSTIN: He laughs.

HADRIAN: Uh—A god.

KINDRALI: Mm. I know the name of many gods—

HADRIAN: My companions—

ART: Oh. Sorry.

AUSTIN: He says,

KINDRALI: I know the name of many gods. Tell me about yours.

HADRIAN: Uh, my god was the first king of these lands. He, he forged the sun from the volcano, the iron volcano.

AUSTIN: Hmm. He looks at you, like, in the eye, gives you a really solid, deep look as if he's peering into your mind.

KINDRALI: Samot. You are speaking of Samot.

ART: So it's not right, but do I know it's not right? Do I remember that I've heard that before?

AUSTIN: Give me… Give me a Defy Danger… do you think this is Intelligence or d'you think this is Wisdom?

ART: Uh, I'd have to read the descriptions.

AUSTIN: Let's take a look. It's one of the two.

ART: Uh… Defy Danger. Quick thinking is Intelligence, mental fortitude is Wisdom.

AUSTIN: I think it's qu—mental fortitude.

ART: That's good. I have Wisdom.

AUSTIN: That is good.

ART: I mean, I have a 0 WIS, but, y'know.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Are you drawing more stuff down there, should I be down here? Oh!—

AUSTIN: Yeah, there's a whole little thing.

ART: Look at this!

AUSTIN: Yeah, I made a whole little thing for you down there, I made like a whole little diorama.

ART: I'm on this bench!

AUSTIN: Right, you're on that bench!

ART: It's got a… Yeah, this is exactly—That's a big—who's that big chair?

AUSTIN: Do you not see him on top of it? Is he not there?

ART: He's there, but um—

DRE: Yeah, he's there.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Hey, I got experience!

AUSTIN: Oh, boy.

NICK: Also, why is he standing on—he's standing on top of the chair.

AUSTIN: He's sitting on the— I don't have a sitting, I don't have a sitting—

NICK: I know, I know.

AUSTIN: I'm trying my best, I'm trying so hard—

DRE: Just go with it, Nick!

NICK: I wasn't—I'm sorry—

ART: He forgot his word for sit. 

AUSTIN: Um, no, you have no idea—yeah! Yeah! Samot. You try it on, it sounds good.

ART: Eurrghhh, great.

AUSTIN: Mm.

HADRIAN: Thank you.

KINDRALI: That is your god. What else have you lost?

AUSTIN: I—

HADRIAN: Uh—

AUSTIN: Go ahead.

HADRIAN: Oh. My—

ART: And I pause as I think of the shorthand I would use for Fantasmo. Because "friend" isn't it.

AUSTIN: Aaww.

ART: "Companion" seems cold.

AUSTIN: Right.

DRE: Is that wrong, though? I feel like "companion" might be the best one.

NICK: "Travelling companion?"

HADRIAN: My—my ally.

AUSTIN: Mm. Mm.

HADRIAN: Has lost—

NICK: I don't know if that's quite right either. But… sure.

ART: I mean, I'm also being diplomatic here, right, I won't be like, "this jerk I hang out with." "Help him too. I don’t like him. You should do him a favor." Um.

HADRIAN: My ally has lost his…his grasp on uh…on this plane? I don't know how to describe it, he can't—he can't not be invisible.

KINDRALI: Hmm.

HADRIAN: Forgot magic words.

KINDRALI: Hmm. I would have to speak to him. His words are his. I cannot give you his words.

HADRIAN: I appreciate that. And my—

DRE: So speaking of that, where are we?

AUSTIN: Good question. I feel like you guys are about to come in.

DRE: Okay.

HADRIAN: And my newest friend seems to have lost a lot.

DRE: Aw, buddy! 

KINDRALI: Many people lose things in these woods.

HADRIAN: He's from here. This is his home.

KINDRALI: Mmm! I see.

AUSTIN: For the briefest moment, the deepness in his voice is replaced with a, not just a higher pitch, but almost a different voice steps in. Right, like he has this deep, regal voice. But for a moment, there's almost a snicker when you say he's from here.

ART: Oh—like a charming snicker, or like a—

AUSTIN: No. Like…a…

ART: Oh, I just saw this bone pile, it was behind my character sheet.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Um, like there sort of is—

ART: The... going to work here.

NICK: He-

AUSTIN: Like the sort of a snicker—

NICK: ate that lady and now she's living inside of there.

AUSTIN: Like the sort of a snicker that someone makes—that like, a football captain makes, when talking about their rivals that they crushed in the big game?

ART: Like a, "heh!" 

DRE: Oh, boy.

ART: Like that?

AUSTIN: Yeah, like that. Yeah. Or like, not the quarterback. Like, a second string…like the second string quarterback makes. Like, "Heh!" In my world second string quarterbacks are more nasally, I guess.

ART: Yeah, that's why they're not first string, they can't breathe as well.

AUSTIN: Right. So you guys can come in now, at this point. And you see this giant ogreman. What do you do?

HADRIAN: Oh! These are the people I was telling you about.

KINDRALI: Come. Sit.

AUSTIN: He eyes you so, so badly, Thorondir. He like, his eyes like—they're joyous in a really mean way when they look at you.

DRE: Hmm. Oh gosh. I mean, he's this…giant man. Throndir is… I guess the only thing he can say is,

THRONDIR: I feel like you have something to say to me.

KINDRALI: Tell me what you know of your people.

THRONDIR: Um… We came to this land before, before the Erasure happened, and—we prepared ourselves for it so that after it came we could—our people could live on.

KINDRALI: Yes, you were here before the Erasure, but you were not alone.

THRONDIR: You're not the first person to tell me as much.

KINDRALI: Your people took a lot from mine. We taught them how to live. The goblins and the snow elves were friends, strange friends, but friends. And, in a moment of crisis, we joined together, my men and yours, and we found a place in this world to be safe. Right at the heart of the…of the terror. Sometimes the closer you are the safer you are. And we survived. And, for many years, we prospered together. And the elves lived shorter lives and the goblins longer lives, and that was a point of contention. But…one day, there was a debate among the council who runs your civilization about what to do. About where to go. Or if they should go. My people understood that the worst had passed and yours wanted to stay locked up, forever. One of these word-eaters was born in this moment, when the elves and goblins had this dispute. Would they continue to be a civilization of hoarders prepping from one disaster to the next, or would they step out of their inhabitance and explore the world again, attempt to make things better? The word "hoarding" itself was devoured, and then another word, and then another word, and then the word "Auniq" itself was eaten.

AUSTIN: Auniq, you know, is the name of your people and your culture and your place.

DRE: Mhm.

KINDRALI: And the conversation vanished, but the dispute remained.

AUSTIN: Did you have something in mind for Auniq, for what it meant, Dre?

DRE: Um, I was looking up like, different words for snow and ice in other languages? Uh, and—

AUSTIN: Mhm. I think it means, I think it means "strange bedfellows."

DRE: Mm! I like that.

AUSTIN: But you don't know that.

DRE: Yeah. I like that.

AUSTIN: None of people know that anymore.

KINDRALI: Do you have any questions, snow elf?

THRONDIR: What… Were you there when the Erasure happened?

KINDRALI: Of course I was there.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo, what are you up to?

NICK: Um… Uh, Fantasmo is kinda just…like, watching and listening and being a little flabbergasted?

AUSTIN: That's fair. 

ART: That's, yeah.

AUSTIN: Are you sitting on one of these benches? Ae you hanging out?

NICK: No, I'm still hanging out.

AUSTIN: You’re standing where you were.

NICK: In the entry—yeah, in the entryway.

AUSTIN: Um, uh. I think Kodiak is sniffing at these bones.

DRE: Yeah. That's, yeah.

ART: That's what dogs do.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Uh, Fantasmo's going to go follow Kodiak.

AUSTIN: That's good. Uh… Good. That's good. Stay there for a second. Is there, are Hadrian and Thorondir asking anything else of this guy.

DRE: Oh god, yeah.

ART: I mean, I have questions, but they're end-of-conversation—they're conversation-enders.

AUSTIN: Okay. So let's talk about Thorondir first.

DRE: Yeah, um.

THRONDIR: What other words have we lost? I…

KINDRALI: Many words.

AUSTIN: And he starts saying them and you don't know what—you don’t… They don't mean anything to you.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: One after another. "Kindrali," he says, and laughs.

KINDRALI: You lost Kindrali a long time ago. 

DRE: He, um… He looks at Kindrali and he says,

THRONDIR: I’m different from, from the elves that came before me, my father and his father and his father before him. Why?

KINDRALI: How are you different?

THRONDIR: We age, we live longer, like the elves used to.

KINDRALI: Huh.

AUSTIN: He leans forward, his face lit, his gray, grinning face lit by the flames.

KINDRALI: Tell me why you’re special, boy.

ART: Ew.

DRE: Ugh… 

KINDRALI: Give me your word.

DRE: Oh, jeez!

ART: Word like promise, or word like—?

AUSTIN: Give me—give me a Defy Danger: Charisma?

DRE: Oh, boy, yeah, you would pick my worst score. 

AUSTIN: I think? I think? …Well, okay, maybe that's wrong though.

ART: It’s sing charm and social grace to evade danger.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think—I think it's…

DRE: Wisdom?

AUSTIN: I think this is again Wisdom.

DRE: Okay. 7.

AUSTIN: Okay. …So what—here's how I'm going to say this. This is, one of my options is "worse outcome, hard bargain, or ugly choice." What does make Thorondir special? You say that it's because he ages more slowly.

DRE: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Right. So that's one. What other things make him special? Like, in terms of himself. In terms of the world. Not just as a snow elf. Just in general.

DRE: Yeah, I mean, he comes from a group of people who, who hide and want to stay secluded forever. But he has left of his own volition, like something in him drove him to leave.

AUSTIN: Good call. That's good.

DRE: Um, and something—

AUSTIN: So that's like a… So like, adventurousness or braveness? Courage?

DRE: Yeah, I would say it’s—

AUSTIN: Courage.

DRE: Yeah. Courage, and. Unlike most of his people, he doesn't just accept what's given to him. He just wants to figure out things instead of just being complacent.

AUSTIN: So—Alright, so then, let's say this then. Let's say, long life, courage, or inquisitiveness. Which of the three do you give to him?

DRE: Oh, boy. Um…

AUSTIN: Let's rephrase it! Long life, courage, or inquisitiveness. Which of the three do
you lose?

DRE: 'Cause I'm curious to see what'll happen… Long life.

AUSTIN: Fantasmo. You see Kodiak dig through the bones. He's like, rah rah rah ruh ruh ruh. He's pulling away at them, he's pulling away at them, and he's, he’s kind of shoved… he’s kind of shoved them aside, and he's digging and digging, you know, the way, the way these things happen, the way these…

DRE: The way dogs do.

AUSTIN: Whoops. The way dogs do. Like you do. Um, and…underneath the bones is a body. And not just any body, but, of course, the body of Kindrali. What do you do?

ART: How do—

AUSTIN: You see it lit by the, by the licks of the fire pit at the center of the room.

ART: What does, I know I can't see, but what does that body look like?

AUSTIN: There is some flesh left on it, but it's mostly bones at this point.

ART: Yeah, but like, how do—what is—like just—literally, what does it look like? Like—

AUSTIN: It's the same as the thing in front of you.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: It's, it may as well be a twin. Um. From here, anyway. From this perspective.

ART: Oh… I feel so much better about how horribly we're about to be killed. 'Cause I was actually gonna—about to have like a really uncomfortable conversation.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: With that guy, about like "hey, you've been really helpful, but I gotta try to kill you."

AUSTIN: Mhm.

DRE: Yup. 

AUSTIN: Here's a q—

NICK: Hello?

AUSTIN: Fantasmo's back. Hey, Fantasmo. So what do you do?

NICK: Uh, it wasn't my mic, VoiceMeeter apparently crashed on me.

AUSTIN: It’s always VoiceMeeter.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I love VoiceMeeter. We need it. We use it a lot for streaming. But. Yeah…

ART: It's another one of the array of crappy programs we're stuck using.

AUSTIN: One day all this stuff will be figured out.

NICK: Also, apparently all my sound is different now, so, I'm sorry, Keith.

AUSTIN: Oh, boy. He'll work it out.

NICK: Uh.

AUSTIN: So what's…what do you do when you see the body of Kindrali?

NICK: I—I also lost a lot of that? Because as VoiceMeeter crashed,

AUSTIN: You lost sound?

NICK: I lost all my sound, too, so.

AUSTIN: So underneath the bones that Kodiak was digging through? Alright, so first things first, uh, Throndir lost the word for—

DRE: Long life.

AUSTIN: which one did you end up giving him?

DRE: Long life.

AUSTIN: Long life.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: And at that moment is when you realize that you saw the body of Kindrali underneath the bones that Kodiak was digging through. And I asked you what you did.

NICK: Oh wait, so the guy that's sitting in the thing?

AUSTIN: Yes. Yeah.

NICK: Is it like, do I notice any uh…like, degradation of the body? Has it been there a while?

AUSTIN: Yes. It's been, it's been there a while, it still has some meat on the bones, but a lot of it is gone. It may have been bitten into. It may have been eaten.

NICK: Oh. Fantasmo just sort of looks back and forth at the guy sitting in the chair and the body that he sees under the bones a few times. Uh. And he says, uh,

FANTASMO: Pardon me, gentlemen.

ART: Uh—well I guess, yeah, we look, right, yeah.

NICK: Yeah.

FANTASMO: Uh, I—

ART: Are you like—oh, sorry.

FANTASMO: I believe I have found someone’s twin.

KINDRALI: Oh.

HADRIAN: Oh…fuck…

KINDRALI: Yes, he—yes, that’s my twin.

AUSTIN: He says. And he's like, snickering a little.

DRE: Man, someone failed the shit out of that Parley roll.

AUSTIN: He stands up, pushing the chair back, this big stone chair.

KINDRALI: Mmm, he died a long time ago and it was—oh, it was very sad, I was very sad. I was just heartbroken.

AUSTIN: What do you do?

NICK: Is that him laughing?

ART: Does he sound that sarcastic?

AUSTIN: Yes, absolutely.

NICK: Oh.

DRE: Mm.

AUSTIN: Um…

ART: I still want to know—ugh.

DRE: Nah, it's bow time.

ART: I'm—I know, but I have so many cosmological—this is so interesting! Theologically. Like, what is it to steal…a god? To steal being a god? Ugh. I'll ask the next one.

AUSTIN: The next god that you encounter, yeah?

ART: The next person pretending to be a god that we encounter.

AUSTIN: The next person pretending to be a god. Sure. Um. Hmm.

DRE: Throndir’s was most definitely going for his bow.

AUSTIN: Sure. I'm just—

ART: Yeah, I think you should shoot him.

AUSTIN: He shakes his head.

KINDRALI: Stop. Leave. I’ve given you what you’ve wanted. What have I taken from you?

ART: Um—

KINDRALI: A few years, maybe. Heheh!

AUSTIN: He laughs.

HADRIAN: I can’t. I made a divine promise. I can't—

KINDRALI: To who?

HADRIAN: To—Samot. I can't—

NICK: Um—

DRE: I can't tell if that's an Austin laugh, or a—

AUSTIN: No, that's an in-character laugh.

ART: No, that's his laugh.

DRE: Okay.

NICK: Fantasmo hears that, and he says,

FANTASMO: Even I know that’s not his name!

AUSTIN: Ha!

ART: Wait—

DRE: Nice. Nice!

NICK: What?

AUSTIN: I just realized—at no point did Art even ask another player! This is how—great! Perfect.

ART: Hadrian doesn't do that!

AUSTIN: No, he doesn't.

ART: Hadrian's is not an asker, he’s a fixer. I look—I’m confused, right? I’m visibly confused. Like, like,

HADRIAN: It is, right?

AUSTIN: Kindrali nods his head and looks at you, and smiles and nods.

KINDRALI: Mm. Yes—

NICK: Who's—Who's you?

AUSTIN: Uh, to Hadrian,

KINDRALI: Of course, of course it’s your god's name, you know it in your heart! Why would I lie to you?

ART: Why—why would you emphasize you like that? We're not—we're not friends. Uh. 

HADRIAN: It doesn’t matter, I can’t—I can’t… 

ART: I—I point my weapon at him.

AUSTIN: Okay. What's your intent, with pointing it at him?

ART: I guess I'm like, this is dumb. I guess I'm like, giving him a moment to surrender.

AUSTIN: So you're not, this isn't—give me a Defy Danger… Mm. Hm. No, I don't think he's—I have to get into his head. I have to really get in there.

He reaches out his hand and touches the tip of your halberd, and, cutting his hand as he does so, pushes it slowly downwards.

KINDRALI: Leave.

HADRIAN: I can't.

AUSTIN: He shakes his head and pulls his hand up and in the fire, you can see the cut healing.

HADRIAN: It doesn't matter. If I have to—if, to serve, I have to die here, that’s what my service requires of me.

KINDRALI: What if I don’t let you die. I’d bet you have many words that I would find interesting and it wouldn’t take too long for me to get you to call them out. How many are you willing to lose? 

HADRIAN: All of—all of—

KINDRALI: I already have so many.

HADRIAN: Everything.

NICK: Can I try a Spout Lore?

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: Uh, I'm looking for—wait, how does Sp—how do you Sp…

AUSTIN: You just roll it and I tell you—Spout Lore, so there's Spout Lore and there's Discern Realities. Spout Lore is you're recalling accumulated knowledge.

NICK: I always get the two mixed.

AUSTIN: You're poring through books, you're whatever you're doing to, um, learn something about the current situation. On a 10+, I will give you something interesting and useful about the subject relevant to your situation, on a 7-9 I'll tell you something interesting, it's up to you to make it useful, and then Discern Realities is the one where you have to ask a bunch of different questions from a set. Which is like, what happened here recently, what's about to happen, et cetera.

NICK: Alright, I'm gonna Sp—Oh man, I really hope my audio isn't totally messed up. Um.

AUSTIN: I'm recording on OBS and you're coming in fine for me.

DRE: Yeah, you sound good.

AUSTIN: so worst comes to worst, we can cut you in here.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Is your Audacity recording? Do you see…

NICK: Yeah, no, it's going, but it's like, I think I'm clipping real bad even though I've got myself turned down? In a weird way? I don’t know. It's weird. Um.

AUSTIN: Okay. Okay. We'll see. Sorry for our listeners if he sounds bad right now.

NICK: Alright, yeah. So I'm gonna… I’m gonna roll a, uh, Spout Wisdom—uh, Spout Lore.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that's Intelligence roll.

NICK: Ugh. 7.

AUSTIN: Something interesting but not necessarily useful… Um. You think that, you’re pretty sure that—you're pretty sure that this is a collection of words. That this is a collection of word-eaters, or one word-eater that has kind of gluttonously devoured many words for a long time. And you know that—… I think it clicks in your head that there's enough truth in this for this to be a very old wordeater. That he was—I don't know if your audio was cut out at the time, but at one point he was describing being there when the goblins and the elves were together and that there was a big dispute? And that they lost the word of their, what the meaning was, of their culture, he probably devoured that word. He was the one who probably devoured the word “hoarding.” Um, these people really wanted to keep hoarding things. And really wanted it. And then he got it. And he’s been hoarding words ever since. So I think that's interesting but not useful. Definitely interesting, though. I think.

ART: Definitely is.

NICK: It is.

ART: I think it's useful.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: He points with one arm to the door. Like, not to the door but to the mouth of this little entryway.

HADRIAN: I won't, I can't! I’ve been given a choice to fail my deity or perish, and I have to choose perish. Or, y'know, not perish. 

ART: Y'know, I’m not throwing myself on my blade here.

AUSTIN: Mhm, mhm.

NICK: Fantasmo sorta sidles up to Thorondir and whispers to him:

FANTASMO: How did you make the rain, before?

DRE: I guess I'm saying this in like, hushed tones.

NICK: I guess, also you might, I guess you don't know what the word "rain."

AUSTIN: Yeah, you don't.

DRE: Oh, man.

NICK: So—

AUSTIN: Yeah. How did you do—How did you—

FANTASMO: How did you make the wet stuff, from the sky—

AUSTIN: Nope, no, he doesn't have "wet" either.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: Or "liquid," or "water."

FANTASMO: The stuff that killed the fire.

AUSTIN: Mm, good job.

FANTASMO: how did you make it?

THRONDIR: I—I thought really hard about the first time that…I remember feeling…some…something. And, just feeling something, and remembering something, and just—I couldn’t let Hadrian down.

NICK: Fantasmo, Fantasmo pats Thorondir on the shoulder and he says,

FANTASMO: That’ll do, my boy.

DRE and AUSTIN: Aww.

NICK: He, uh, confidently strolls forward. Uh.

AUSTIN: Not into the fire, I'm guessing.

NICK: No no no, he strolls forwards towards the…the doppelganger here 

ART: Well, I guess I'm like here.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Mhm.

NICK: And he says:

FANTASMO: You like words, yes? Ideas?

KINDRALI: Hm.

FANTASMO: I have quite a lot of them for you. Let me tell you a story. When I was a young elf, and I mean very young, before…before maturity! This was…I don't…a hundred years ago?

KINDRALI: Oh, you’re so very old, Master Elf! A hundred, a hundred years, he says!

ART: This guy's a real asshole.

NICK: After he says that, Fantasmo, um, I'm gonna try to roll a Prestidigitation.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

NICK: Um, Fantasmo pounds his staff on the ground, and causes it to—and I'll forget Prestidigitation for this— causes it to echo throughout the entire cave.

FANTASMO: QUIET! I AM SPEAKING!

AUSTIN: You’ve lost that spell.

NICK: That's fine.

AUSTIN: No no no, no, you've lost that spell.

NICK: What? Oh.

KINDRALI: That’s one.

AUSTIN: He says.

KINDRALI: Do you want to teach me more?

FANTASMO: I told you to be quiet. I am not finished with my story.

AUSTIN: He like, bows to you.

KINDRALI: Mm.

FANTASMO: This was before I was the head of the most powerful magical university in the land. This was before I had enrolled in that university. There was one thing. There was one… driving force that led me to this university. That led me to knowledge and magic. Do you know what that was?

KINDRALI: What was it?

NICK: I, uh, get up on my tippy toes as much as I possibly can, and I whisper at him:

FANTASMO: Ignorance.

NICK: And as I'm saying it, Fantasmo is recalling the fear and the…powerlessness that he had as a young elf, watching the world crumble around him and not knowing anything to do about it. Watching his elders die, watching…magic as he knew it drain from the world. Just this complete, crippling fear of the unknown and emptiness of ignorance.

AUSTIN: He howls at you. And you feel a wealth of knowledge, you feel words pass through you for just a brief moment, things that you, that no one else knows. Things that, you know, knowledge that even at your height, even when surrounded by your books, things from before the bad times, pass through you, briefly. All of you in the room feel this. For a brief moment, Hadrian, uh—I'll come to you, I'll come to Hadrian last. One second. Um, Hadrian's is important in a big picture way. Uh, Thorondir, you see Auniq and it’s at its glory days when the goblins still lived there. And you see people working hand in hand to raise crops that will live in this bad weather. There's a point at which the weather changes, and they have to figure out, like, shit, we were prepared for what the climate was supposed to be here before the Erasure, and this is not what it is anymore, so how do we deal with this, and there was some harsh times, and they get through it, and there's friendship, and, and a real intermingling of the species. And, a friendship, and these pass through you, and they're gone in the next second. Fantasmo, you feel a deep connection to the amount of knowledge this man had, for as much—or this thing… Excuse me. It swells up in you for the brief moment, you—there’s something seductive about that much knowledge, which you were already very familiar with that sort of seduction, and that sort of seductive power. And…you see faraway places and you see the kind of magical theory that was so powerful as to be forbidden. Even to people at the highest level of the university. You know, this kind of nuclear reactor level shit that's kept under lock and key, flows through you for a brief moment and it's gone. You know— you remember a touch of it. Mhm?

NICK: Fantasmo falls to his knees, like gripping his staff, as that washes over him.

AUSTIN: Okay. Um, you can also remove the Stunned state, as you get your invisibility spell back, and your Prestidigitation. Hadrian…

ART: Yep.

AUSTIN: They’re there. All of them.

ART: All of…?

AUSTIN: The old five?

ART: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: The old five.

ART: The old five.

AUSTIN: The pantheon.

ART: The pantheon.

AUSTIN: that used to rule this place. And you don’t know their names, but you see the boy-king again with his blond locks and his distant view. And you see the iron sun, the iron king, who you worship, Samothes, and his name comes back to your lips, and it is a beautiful thing to have again. And you see her, with her shield, defending the continent against the waves themselves. And you see her, the pirate woman at the head of her ship, moving down across the coast, her ship filled with refugees. And you see…a man? A tree? A thing in between. Jolly, playful, watching the word—world burn and not being too sure what to do about it. And then they’re gone, but you see them for that second and you’ll always have that second.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: He drops his knees as he’s howling at you, and begins to take fire, take flame, in the same way as the other things did, not the big fireball one, but as they were defeated, so to speak. 

NICK: Like the blue, burning at the edges.

AUSTIN: The blue fire, yes, exactly. Separating from here. And he smiles at you and says,

KINDRALI: I still have o—I still got one.

AUSTIN: And you feel it slip from you, however slightly, that you’ve lost just a bit of your pride. Just a little bit.

DRE: Hmm.

AUSTIN: Let's call it there! Actually, let's do a little bit of post-this narration. I wanna set us up for the next thing. Which is:

You're able to leave here, you have your words back.

DRE: Well, I think after it happens, like, Throndir whoops and he hugs Fantasmo, and just says like,

THRONDIR: That was incredible!

AUSTIN: There is, I think—okay, so here's the other thing that I wanted to convey, and I don't know that I did this at any point directly. Which is, you all share one word that you feel as it gets ripped from him, which is… How did I write it down, like what's the exact word I want here? Uh… Deception. Like, it's the emotional desire to deceive. Which I think should leave everyone—like, obviously now that you know your real god's name is not Samot, but there were things that sounded true in there, but also all of it should be covered in a bit of…a mix of whether he was telling the truth or not. Right, like there's some doubt about that.

DRE: Mm.

ART: Yeah, I think I got that.

AUSTIN: Okay, good. I wanted to make sure.

ART: But I was lied to most directly, so.

AUSTIN: Yes, yes.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um… As you… Do you leave? I mean, I guess you leave, you're not just going to stay here for the rest of your lives, right?

DRE: Yeah, there's nothing else to see in there, is there?

ART: No, this is it, we live here.

AUSTIN: Nah.

ART: Set up a detective agency.

AUSTIN: I mean, he still has all, ah—the, true armor and scepter fall to the ground. He was wearing Kindrali's real, like—and his crown.

ART: Oh my god, that must be priceless.

DRE: Yeah, we gotta take that.

AUSTIN: It’s priceless. I mean, good luck hauling his giant armor? Also his giant scepter? Like,

DRE: Aww.

ART: Could we bring it back to, uh… 

DRE: Kindrali.

AUSTIN: Sure. No. Yeah.

ART: No. The other one.

AUSTIN: Mee Kosh.

DRE: Oh, sorry. Mee Kosh, yeah.

ART: Mee Kosh.

AUSTIN: Yeah, probably. It would take, let's say, the rest of the day. We were saying this is like, 2pm, 3pm? It would take until the night. But you could haul that back.

ART: I mean, he should have it.

AUSTIN: Probably.

DRE: I agree, I agree.

AUSTIN: It's a pain to do, but you can do it. Um, I feel like as that's happening, you do that and he's thankful—I just want to speed through this so we can set up the next session and then wrap here. He gives you another night there, obviously, he's amazed at what you tell him, but at the same time, it seems to all click into place for Mee Kosh.

MEE KOSH: Hmm. Yeah. Yes. Hmm.

AUSTIN: Oh, also, actually, this is all—above all of this is, you're doing this in the rain. In the pouring rain. This whole area is just covered in just like a crazy thunder storm.

ART: Oh, and it's awful when it rains when it's already cold.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it's cold and miserable and you are… and you know that this place isn't safe still, right? Like, you killed one of these word-eaters and he was a bad one, but like, and he clearly had others at his command? But there are definitely things that you see that feel very strange that you avoid. Like, "hey, why is there a weird cherry blossom tree here? That shouldn't be here."

ART: Let's not touch it.

AUSTIN: You just—Let's just fuckin' keep going. Uh, and so you spend the night back at Mee Kosh's, um, and in the rain, the next day, you set off again. You're warmed up and you have more to drink, and you have some food to bring with you. Um, and you start heading southeast, deeper into the Mark of the Erasure.

And at some point you climb up to a hill, and you see two things in the distance. First, between you—first. Um. I guess, Dre, what are the walls of Auniq, look like? How is it separated from society?

DRE: Um… I would say that they are…they probably are not all that impressive, because there's not, I mean, the only thing you're protecting yourself against that they know of are animals and creatures. I mean, they're stone walls, like they're solid enough that an owlbear couldn’t get through it, but they're not a fortress.

AUSTIN: How big is it?

DRE: Uhhh….

AUSTIN: Like, how wide, or not wide, but how long do the walls go for?

DRE: Uh, probably only a couple of miles.

AUSTIN: Okay, but that's still a lot, right. That's still… You see miles of wall. That's still a lot for you to see in the middle of this wood, right. Also it did turn back—at some point, on the way here, it did turn back to snow and ice, and it's getting colder and colder. For a bit there, that's hail, and that's miserable. Then beyond Auniq,

DRE: Sorry.

AUSITN: Past its stone walls, you see, uh, a tower, sort of like the one you’d seen before, except, instead of being tall in the sky, it's been knocked over, towards its base. It's wider, and broader than the one that you—that Hadrian and Fantasmo visited before. Which is that, each floor of it, each floor would be a bigger floor in every way, but it’s been toppled. The size of it is a bit—it overcomes you a little bit. Y'know. From this distance, even, it towers over Auniq. Excuse me. Even from this distance, it towers over Auniq. And…you know that’s where you’re going. You just know it. What you’ll find there, you’re not sure. Alright. Let's do end-of-session junk.

DRE: Mm.

ART: Yeah.

DRE: Can Throndir say one more thing before we close?

AUSTIN: Sure.

THRONDIR: Before we go any further, I have to tell you why I left.

AUSTIN: My name is Austin Walker, you can find me, as always, at austin_walker on Twitter, thecalcutec on Twitch, clockworkworlds.com for my writing. If you are listening to this in a month, or two, which is about right, um, and you haven't somehow read my Paste, my piece on PasteMagazine.com/games, I don't know, go look for it. It's called "Real Human Beings." It's about Shadow of Mordor, and NPCs, and Watchdogs, and racism, and system design, it's got a bunch of stuff. Nick, where can people find you on the internet?

NICK: Uh, you can find me at Twitch, Twitter, and YouTube /drevilbones.

AUSTIN: Andrew?

DRE: Hey, you can find me on Twitter at andrewleeswan.

AUSTIN: And Art.

ART: Uh, you can find me on Twitter at atebbel, and if I'm doing my math right, I will have just reviewed The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 when this comes out on ComicMix.com.

AUSTIN: Good math. Solid math. As always, you can find all of the things that we do, the archives of the video games we stream, at StreamFriends.tv. Thank you for joining us, everybody. And remember, as always, our agenda is to portray a fantastic world, fill the characters' lives with adventure, and to play to find out what happens.

[AUTUMN13]

NICK: Previously, on Friends at the Table:

FERO: So, there were these big, giant, glowing towers, and there was- there was- Brandish was there, and his ship was there, and they were- all the undead, and they were hangin’ out, and they were partying. And there were people there, and they were living, and they were hanging out with each other-

AUSTIN: The second your foot hits the ground, your blade comes alive. There’s chanting, a choir of voices, 

SWORD VOICES: Tristero, Tristero, Tristero. 

AUSTIN: 'Lord Tristan the Ninth, the Ivory Crown, locked away in the Black Tower.' What d’you-

KEITH: Hey!

AUSTIN: What d’you do? What’s everyone doing? At this point, let’s say everyone’s kind of found each other again.

JACK: Um, wait, am I still by Emmanuel?

AUSTIN: Also... Oh, right, I forgot that Emmanuel was there. I forgot your thing. Also, you’ll see that I’ve changed the name of this thing from 'The Black Tower' to 'The Sable Spire,' which is what I have written down here later in my notes, cause I decided the Black Tower was too… too boring.

JACK: Have you been playing Shadow of Mordor, Austin? Is that what-

AUSTIN: I’ve been playing a lot- I’ve played a Lot of Shadow of Mordor. And by now, if you’re listening to this, you’ve probably already read my piece on pastemagazine.com/games about Shadow of Mordor.

JACK: And if you haven’t- if that hasn’t come out, we’ve just broken an embargo. Or…

AUSTIN: Or, like, and I’ve lost my mind. This is the other thing, if it’s not- if that isn’t out by the time you’re hearing this? I have...

KEITH: Yeah, this will be posted for three years; we have a hundred weeks of backlog.

AUSTIN: I will…

JACK: We’re recording this in September the 7th, 1999, and, uh…

AUSTIN: I’m really looking forward to the Playstation II. Um.

ALI: It’ll be great!

AUSTIN: I don’t actually know if that works. I’m not... I don’t remember… dates…

JACK: I’m about to blow your mind: So, there’s this thing called the Nemesis system, right?

KEITH: Um, I think that- Austin, if I remember, the Playstation II came out mere weeks after September 1999.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s like six- it’s like six months. It released on March 4th, 2000, so perfect. I’m so hyped for the PS2.

KEITH: You’re so- ugh, we couldn’t be more excited, and guess what?! My dad is about to get me a Playstation I type of thing.

AUSTIN: Oh, aww, buddy. Alright. So-.

JACK: Okay, so... can I just-?

AUSTIN: So, Emmanuel, yeah. Let’s zoom in on- let’s zip back over then to Lem King and Emmanuel.

JACK: Like, just as a- as a tiny tiny piece of detail, I’ve just been pocketing things that nobody would miss, like-

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: -bits of masonry that have come off the walls, or-

AUSTIN: Yep. Mhm. 

JACK: Like a metal washer that’s on the street or something. Like, you know, tiny, tiny stupid things. Um. Has Emmanuel noticed me?

AUSTIN: Mm hm.

JACK: He has?

AUSTIN: He gasps when he sees you.

KEITH: Aw, god, this is-

ALI: Oh no.

KEITH: -potentially the worst thing.

ALI: No, this is bad. This is probably going to be bad.

KEITH: Oh god.

AUSTIN: His hand- his hand drops to his side towards his dagger. He isn’t like, in full pirate combat gear, but like, he has a dagger on him.

JACK: Where are my buds?

AUSTIN: Um…

ALI: Kinda far away…

AUSTIN: Fero is off watching a ceremony for a ghost who’s decided to stop being alive, and Hella is dealing with, uh, a post-post-apocalyptic fantasy newspaper boy.

JACK: So… I’m separated from my buds.

AUSTIN: You’re separated from your buds.

JACK: Okay. Right. Um, I’m just looking at the moves sheet here. 

AUSTIN: He goes- 

KEITH: I just- Where-?

AUSTIN: Just tell me what you do. He says, 

EMMANUEL: You.

AUSTIN: And is like, fiddling with his dagger, as if to draw.

KEITH: I- I’d just like to just say, like, we’re not on a pirate ship; we’re in a city.

AUSTIN: That’s true.

KEITH: Like, this is bad.

JACK: Um, we’re in a pirate- well, we’re in- No. ‘We’re in the greatest city I have ever encountered in my life.’ We are.

AUSTIN: Yes.

ALI: Yeah, Lem can get out of this one. You can do this.

JACK: Um, I don’t know, Hella. Let’s just check…

ALI: You can probably talk him down.

AUSTIN: What do you do? What do you do?

JACK: Um, my immediate reaction is I want to make a Defy Danger roll for charisma, and I want to like- This comes from- I want to look him in the eye, and I want to make it clear that I’m not reaching for my sword. And I want to put my finger up to my lips. Like- like, if we had facecam on I’d be able to do this, but I’m like, 

LEM: Alright mate. Like, shh.

JACK: I’m essentially trying to bank on the fact that before it got screwed up when Brandish climbed up on the boat, he and I were having a bit of a moment- Or at least Lem thought that he and I were having a bit of a moment.

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes.

JACK: So, I’m gonna roll Defy Danger here. 

ALI: Oh god.

AUSTIN: Go for it.

JACK: Which is 2d6 plus charisma, right?

AUSTIN: Minus one because of your scarred status.

KEITH: Like, I just want to say that- Oh god, this is so- Dungeon World has really good mechanics for rerolling a character after you’ve died-

AUSTIN: Uh huh?

KEITH: But that doesn’t work if all three of us die at the same time.

JACK: Oh god. Okay, right. So, I just click- can I just click the little button here, or will it not take that?

AUSTIN: Yeah, it should work- It should be- No, no, no, it should totally work.

JACK: Oh, I’m so scared. Okay, here we go. Oh! Oh. Okay.

KEITH: Minus one is seven, so we’re still good.

AUSTIN: You’re still good. No, it-

JACK: No, no. It- it counted-

AUSTIN: Yeah, it did. It did. 

JACK: Yeah. That’s a- Eight is, uh... What’s an eight on Defy Danger?

AUSTIN: Okay, um... ‘On a seven to nine, you stumble, hesitate, or flinch. The GM will offer you a worse outcome-’

JACK: Fuck! 

AUSTIN: ‘-hard bargain, or ugly choice.’ It’s still a success. 

JACK: Mhm. 

AUSTIN: I just have to decide in what way I complicate things for you. Um. Hmm.

KEITH: Oh, wait. Okay, so this is- this is a worse partial success than I thought it was going to be.

AUSTIN: Yes.

JACK: Does, does Lem know that… I don’t know he was a pastry chef, right?

AUSTIN: No. You’ve no idea. Uh, okay. Let’s see.

JACK: ‘Cause I have a feeling that would really appeal to Lem. Like, if only Lem knew that.

AUSTIN: He- he moves his hand off the dagger, but then he reaches out to grab you. And he’s like,

EMMANUEL: Come with me.

ALI: Oh…

LEM: Okay.

KEITH: Whirlwind romance.

JACK: Right, um… I don’t- uh- Can I make eye contact with my buds?

AUSTIN: Uh, no. You guys are split at this point.

JACK: Right.

AUSTIN: Maybe Hella can see you, but I- I think at this point, Fero is deep in this- in this moment because it’s so weird and strange.

ALI: I’m also like, reading. 

JACK: Oh. Well, in that case-

ALI: Not that I don’t want to help you, but…

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah.

JACK: In that case… I’m just gonna.. go.

AUSTIN: Okay. He-

JACK: Um, well, partly as well- Sorry. Just from like, Lem’s thinking here as well.

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

JACK: He’s essentially been reduced to being a kid here, so-

AUSTIN: Right, right.

JACK: -a lot of this is just like, he’s- you know, he’s a bit scared, but he considered that a success. Like, he’s not being killed, and also he’s in the- he’s in… It would be like an actual real-world Harry Potter fan discovering Hogwarts. He’s in Hogwarts. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. Mhm… That is… that is true.

JACK: So, I think he’s probably like, buoyed up by a lot of this stuff.

AUSTIN: Um, he- so he drags you quickly through the streets by the wrist to a little alleyway just off this marketplace. I’m gonna put it like- that’s the wrong thing. Uh… like, there-ish? Do you see that spot I just marked? 

JACK: Uh, it’s loading it.

AUSTIN: To the south-east a little bit? 

JACK: Yes, mhm.

AUSTIN: Like, there. Um… and once there he pushes you up against the wall, 

EMMANUEL: What are you doing here? 

AUSTIN: Actually, is that his voice? One second, let me... 

JACK: I don’t know. I think he’s French.

AUSTIN: 'What are you doing-' I think he is, too, but I don’t want to do… uh… Can I do… 'What are you-' Mmm.

AUSTIN: I don’t think I can do- I don’t-

KEITH: How ‘bout this? He speaks in a French accent. Austin speak normally.

AUSTIN: One second. I’m muted. One second.

JACK: He’s practicing his Jeff Goldblum.

AUSTIN: Ahh. 'What are you doing?' See I- My Goldblum always falls into a Shatner! God damn it! The gravity of a Shatner!

KEITH: The gravity- it’s like a black hole, and it sucks you in. You can’t- There’s-

AUSTIN: ‘The Gravity of a Shatner’ is my favorite Idle Thumbs episode.

KEITH: Is that a real thing? Aw, you didn’t just make that up?

AUSTIN: No, I did, but it sounds like a thing.

KEITH: Oh, okay. Oh okay. So, okay. I’m still proud of you.

AUSTIN: Good. Yeah, I’m just gonna talk normally. I think. I think? Yeah.

KEITH: But we all know. We know that he speaks in a French accent.

EMMANUEL: What are you doing here?

AUSTIN: In fact, I think all of these people here probably speak in a French accent.

KEITH: That’s fair.

AUSTIN: Great.

JACK: Have we found- have we found space France? I mean fantasy France?

AUSTIN: It’s similar, certainly.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Anyway, you’re up against the wall. He’s- he’s about as strong as you. You know. You’re basically equally matched.

JACK: Well, yeah, that fight went on forever.

AUSTIN: Which is to say- And, like, you’re basically- Neither of you are combatants first, but can hold your own, you know?

JACK: Yes. He’s a pastry chef; I’m a librarian.

AUSTIN: Yeah, right. 

EMMANUEL: What are you doing here?

JACK: Um, is there-? I don’t know how this kind of works with out-of-character. Can I like, phone a friend here and talk to the other-?

AUSTIN: No. No.

JACK: I have to make this decision-

AUSTIN: Yes.

JACK: -entirely on my own?

AUSTIN: Absolutely. Yeah.

JACK: Okay. Um...

LEM: We followed the Kingdom Come. Um...

AUSTIN: He slaps you on the side of the head.

KEITH: Oh man! Emmanuel!

EMMANUEL: You’re- you are idiots. You need to leave immediately. You cannot be here.

LEM: Why not?

EMMANUEL: Why not?! You were with, uh- You were with the captain. You will be locked up just like him! I- Mm. I should go... I should go tell someone about you being here. I don’t even know why- Hmmm.

AUSTIN: He’s like, very clearly ‘internal struggle mode’ right now.

LEM: Uh, uh... No, you- you, uh... 

JACK: Oh, wait! Hold on. 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

JACK: This game is so cool because you just go off on these little inlets of narrative as a player and as a GM, and then suddenly you’re like, ‘Oh, wait, there’s a mechanical thing here.’ 

AUSTIN: Yes, there is.

JACK: Or there’s the possibility for a mechanical thing.

AUSTIN: There is.

JACK: And that’s so cool. Um. I have-

AUSTIN: Keep talking for now. I know what you want to do, but, like-

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Give it a little bit- give it a few more moments here before you-

JACK: Yeah. Well, I don’t want him to run off, mate. 

AUSTIN: No, yeah. That’s fine, but respond to him.

LEM: Um, no. We are- we are here. We are gonna be very, very careful. You don’t need to tell anyone about us. We’re not gonna harm you. We’re not going to put you in any danger. Um, please let us have this. Please let us- please let us- Please let us take this opportunity.

JACK: And I think that Lem here is- To an extent, he is trying very hard to say, 'we’re here to rescue Calhoun,' but really what he’s probably thinking is 'I’m in this city! Like, look where I am! Don’t take this away from me!'

AUSTIN: Yeah, I don’t think- I don’t think 'we’re here to rescue Calhoun' comes across at all in what you just said.

JACK: Yeah, no. And uh… I’m-

AUSTIN: Okay. Which is fine, but-

JACK: I don’t want to tell him that we’re here to rescue Calkou- Calhoun because fundamentally-

AUSTIN: Calkoun.

KEITH: Cancun- we’re here to rescue Captain Cancun.

JACK: We’re here to visit Cancun.

AUSTIN: Spring Break!!

JACK: Party boat! He is fundamentally a member of Brandish’s crew. Like, just because I rolled a success here, I don’t want to tell him that. Um... Okay, so, 

LEM: Do you know where the New Archives are? Do you know what they are?

AUSTIN: He shakes his head, 

LEM: Okay, right. So. 

EMMANUEL: Ar- No.

LEM: I come from a place far up in the North- 

JACK: Wait. Yeah, like the north-

AUSTIN: North-East of here.

LEM: North-East of here. Um, and it’s a- it’s a community where we catalogue things. We find things out. We are explorers, and we’re travellers, and we’re librarians, and we’re- we’re archivists. And all of our old stories have told us that this place doesn’t exist. It is dead; it’s gone. Um-

EMMANUEL: It is.

AUSTIN: -he says.

LEM: But we couldn’t find it. It- We had no contact with it.

EMMANUEL: And you won’t.

AUSTIN: -he cuts you off.

ALI: I love Emmanuel.

EMMANUEL: There is no taking this- You cannot! You shouldn’t- You have a moment. You can either leave, or you can stay forever. Make your choice... quickly.

LEM: I’m gonna stay.

AUSTIN: He laughs. 

EMMANUEL: Oi. 

AUSTIN: And he curses I think, probably. Some curses that, again, you’ve heard some bastardized versions of- the sort of like, 'this fucking guy' type of thing, right? Like- 

JACK: Yeah, you know, like, four hundred years ago when people said 'this fucking guy.' That’s what Emmanuel says.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but in a- at the time, it was like, you know, whatever. It was some other version of that. I don’t know any other curse words.

JACK: Christ’s Bones.

AUSTIN: Right. Christ’s- Exactly. Exactly. He probably actually says- Actually, yeah. He says,

EMMANUEL: Uh, Tristero.

JACK: Oh god.

AUSTIN: That’s what he says.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: What’re you attempting to- What move were you attempting to do there?

JACK: I think I was trying-

AUSTIN: Were you trying to do… Speak Frankly, or-?

JACK: Speak Frankly.

AUSTIN: Or were you doing Parley?

JACK: I think I was doing Speak Frankly.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: But I’ve kind of said what I wanted to say anyway.

AUSTIN: That’s fine, but remember Speak Frankly gives you access to stuff, so-

JACK: Oh, wait, it does? Oh, yeah. It super does, doesn’t it?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Charming and Open. Yeah.

JACK: I think I’ve bought myself a moment, at least a short moment here.

AUSTIN: Mhm. I think that you’ve- In other- I think that you’ve hit the required act of speaking frankly with someone, so now you can ask a question from the list below.

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: They must answer truthfully, um, and then they may ask you a question from the list which you must answer truthfully.

JACK: Okay. Um...

KEITH: Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!

ALI: Ooh??

JACK: Keith just got waylaid by a kraken, ah…

KEITH: Aah-!

JACK: You okay, Keith?

KEITH: I’m okay. It’s okay.

AUSTIN: Mhm?

ALI: Are you playing-?

KEITH: I was leanin’ back in my chair, and I was playing with my phone in my hands, raising it above my head and twirling it around, and I dropped it on my head.

AUSTIN: Good job! Good work.

KEITH: Thanks.

ALI: Put your phone down, maybe.

KEITH: Well, it’s down now.

JACK: Um… just- I kind of don’t want to get into the semantics of it, Austin, but if I ask 'whom do you serve?'

AUSTIN: Mhm?

JACK: Like...

AUSTIN: You can ask that.

JACK: Yeah, but I- ah- he’s just gonna say Brandish, right? ‘Cause he’s-? 

AUSTIN: I don’t know.

JACK: Well, he’s a member of Brandish’s-

AUSTIN: I don’t know! I know what he’ll say. I know what he’ll say. You don’t know.

JACK: Okay. I’m gonna- Right. Oh, I’ve just- This cable here that I didn’t know- Oh my god! I’ve got a desk lamp! 

ALI: God

AUSTIN: What- happened?

ALI: You just discovered you have a lamp?

KEITH: Jack just realised that he had a desk lamp.

AUSTIN: Oh my god.

JACK: It was hidden underneath a shelf, so I didn’t realize it was here. Ahh…

AUSTIN: Is it a time.is desk lamp that you didn’t realize was real until just now?

JACK: I’m gonna turn it on. Oh, god it- No.

ALI: Oh, baby boy…

JACK: It’s- it’s fluorescent. It’s fluorescent. No, it’s really hot.

AUSTIN: Ugh, that’s no good. Yeah.

JACK: Ugh. Okay. 

LEM: Question number one, Emm- 

JACK: Do I know his name?

AUSTIN: No, I don’t think you do. I don’t think you ever actually exchanged names. You can just do that. That’s not one of these questions. You know, one of these isn’t like-

JACK: Yeah, no. What was the tone when he swore at me?

AUSTIN: It was res- It was, again, like 'what am I gonna do with this guy?' It was like, 'Ahh, what situation am I- Why have you given me this burden, god?' is basically what it was.

JACK: 'This fucking guy,' yeah. I’m gonna offer him my hand and say, 

LEM: I’m Lem King. Um-

EMMANUEL: Emmanuel.

AUSTIN: He shakes your hand.

LEM: Alright, okay. Who do you serve?

AUSTIN: How do you phrase that, exactly? Like, I’m gonna count it as 'who do you serve,' but I do want to know what your phrasing is there.

JACK: Yeah, like, um… Like, 

LEM: Who are you working for, Emmanuel? No, like, who’s your boss? Um-

AUSTIN: He sighs and says,

EMMANUEL: Well, if you’re gonna be here- if you’re gonna stay, you should know. Ah. I- Obviously I- uh, I go out with Captain Brandish. And I directly, of course, work under Ginny, his- his first mate, but all of us here, we are- You have entered the kingdom.

AUSTIN: -he says. Er, actually, he doesn’t say kingdom. He says... hmm. How does he see this? He says, 

EMMANUEL: You are now a citizen of- of Nacre, the Empire of Pearls, and you and I both serve Empress Adelaide Tristé IV, the Queen of Death.

AUSTIN: He asks you-

JACK: Oh, um...

AUSTIN: Hmm… Hm. He asks you- These are good questions. These are good questions I can choose from.

JACK: Oh, you get different questions to me? Or do you get the same ones? Oh, they’re similar.

AUSTIN: No, no. ‘They must answer it truthfully, and then they may ask you a question from the list which you must answer truthfully.' Hmm... it’s one of these two. 

EMMANUEL: What are you really feeling right now?

JACK: Uh, and I have to answer him honestly? 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

LEM: I’m really excited.

EMMANUEL: What are you really-?

LEM: I’m really, really excited.

AUSTIN: He shakes his head again. 

EMMANUEL: Tristero, Tristero, Tristero.

JACK: I don’t know if, like- Because as well, for this guy- Because he doesn’t know what the Archives are... 

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

JACK: I don’t know whether or not for him, cultural archives- I guess even within the world, people who know who the archives are- who the archivists are, know that they have this kind of obsessive-

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: -encyclopedia- Love for encyclopedia. So, I feel for this guy, but at the same time, I did have to answer truthfully. 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

JACK: But like, you know like, Kingdom of Pearls, Queen of the Dead and everything. That is really exciting to Lem. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

JACK: Okay. Question two. 

AUSTIN: There aren’t- This isn't- this is one- That was one question. 

JACK: Oh, I get to ask one question. Oh-

AUSTIN: You ask one-

JACK: I was thinking of um...

AUSTIN: You ask the player a question from the list. Yes.

JACK: Oh, sorry. I was thinking of- 

AUSTIN: You were thinking of Discerning- 

JACK: Discern Realities. 

AUSTIN: Discerning Realities. Yeah. Yeah.

JACK: Yeah. Alright. That’s fine. Cool. Let’s come back to me. Let’s cut back to-

AUSTIN: Let's cut back while this is happening to Hella and Fero, who at this point, I think, have been able to reunite. Lem is gone. 

FERO: Have you seen Lem? Hey, um, you seen Lem? 

HELLA: Nope. 

FERO: That’s- that’s fucked, right? Do you wanna like, look for him? Or-?

JACK: This was inevitable. 

HELLA: Well, I'm gonna tell you about what I just read. 

FERO: Oh- oh yeah! Okay, sure. Yeah. 

HELLA: Yeah. Um so, Calhoun is here, and he's in chains. But, he might be a prince or something. I didn’t really understand the newspaper. 

FERO: Oh, that's fucked up. I saw- I met this guy who decided to stop being a ghost. 

HELLA: That's weird. 

FERO: It is weird. 

HELLA: I don’t wanna hear about that. 

FERO: It was cute. It was cute.

HELLA: We should find out-

FERO: No, no, no. it’s not- You don’t wanna-? 

HELLA: I don't think it's cute. Let's just- let’s move on. 

FERO: We can talk to his like- it looked- I think probably his like, grandson or something was over there. Do you wanna talk to him?

HELLA: No. 

FERO: Oh. 

HELLA: Why would I want to talk to him?

FERO: I don't know. It seemed like they were having a moment. 

HELLA: Let’s just find Lem. 

FERO: Okay, let’s find Lem. 

AUSTIN: Uh, you see- Are you undertaking a search? Where are you going?

KEITH: Oh, we're just kind of lookin’ around. 

ALI: Yeah, the way that you like-

KEITH: But like, sticking together. 

ALI: If you're like, at a store- like, a department store, and you think that you don’t have the money on the- 
 
KEITH: Yeah. You know how-

AUSTIN: But this is- this is like- Right. No. This is like, ‘You're in a department store in a city.’ And-

ALI: Right.

KEITH: Yeah, so like, we're peering over the clothes. 

AUSTIN: Right. So... And then your- But your friend went downtown. Like- You understand what I’m saying? 

KEITH: Okay. 

ALI: Is he that far away? 

KEITH: Do you… Okay, so- 

AUSTIN: He’s like, a couple of city blocks away. You know?

ALI: Oh, dang. 

KEITH: Oh, okay. 

FERO: Well, hey, do you maybe want to figure out- Like, maybe we could go listen in on some shit. You wanna listen in on some shit? 

HELLA: Yeah. That sounds not that bad, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's fair. 

KEITH: Do we- can we- Okay. Can I- can I tell who looks sort of like the most important people nearby? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. There are definitely some people in the markets area- in the gardens who are like, dressed a little nicer. There are some people who are wearing… a kind of…

KEITH: I wanna- I'm looking for someone who's having like, a really, really boisterous conversation about current events.

AUSTIN: Okay. There's a debate. 

ALI: No. Well, no-

AUSTIN: That’s what’s happening.

KEITH: Okay. That’s what I’m looking for.

AUSTIN: There are... Yeah, there are- there is a debate between somebody who kind of looks like they are... you know, vaguely of like, a merchant class. Do you know what I mean? But like, if like a higher up. Someone who- kind of- You’ve seen them-

KEITH: Okay. Yeah, we're talking- we’re talking like, merchant class when merchant classes started being a thing.

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly. 

KEITH: Alright. 

AUSTIN: And you’ve kind of seen them moving through this space earlier. Like, overseeing it a little bit and checking in on the different stands. And like, 

RANDOM MERCHANT: Oh, how's business been? 

AUSTIN: You know, 

RANDOM MERCHANT: What- what are you selling today? 

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: Like, 

RANDOM MERCHANT: How- You gettin’ any-?

KEITH: Oh, what a fucking shithead. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. But I mean- No, like- He's like a real- he's a real Lem. You know? Like- 

KEITH: Oh, he’s a Lem. Okay.

AUSTIN: He’s a real Lem. 

ALI: Alright.

KEITH: He's a Lem. Not like a sunglasses indoors kinda guy. 

AUSTIN: No. Yeah, he's not a sunglasses indoors guy.

KEITH: That’s what I was-

AUSTIN: He's like a real… He's like- like, he's doing this cause he spent a long time- 

KEITH: He likes stuff.

AUSTIN: He spent a long time selling stuff in these stands. Do you know what I mean? 

KEITH: Yeah, he likes looking at stuff. 

ALI: Okay. 

AUSTIN: And like-

KEITH: And having stuff. 

AUSTIN: And engaging with the owners of these places. You think that he has some sort of supervisory role over the whole market.

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah. Right. 

AUSTIN: He- 

KEITH: Oh, when I say he likes stuff in a- I don't mean like, in a materialistic way. 

AUSTIN: Right. Yes. 

KEITH: I mean like, he's interested- he’s curious about things. 

AUSTIN: He's talking to a man in a kind of shimmering white platemail armor. 

KEITH: Okay. Is this the shithead? 

AUSTIN: Neither of them are really shitheads, I don't think.

KEITH: Okay. Okay.

AUSTIN: I think both of them are... Um, both of them are... They’re old fr- You get the opinion that they're like, old fr- they're like… You remember- Do you remember the old days in America where like, Democrats and Republicans were friends? ...still? 

KEITH: Do I remember? No.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Were you not alive at that point? Okay. So, there was a time- 

KEITH: I don't think I was.

AUSTIN: -in America… There was a time in America where it was like, fairly common to have good friends who didn't have your political views. 

KEITH: Mhm. My-

AUSTIN: Because, you know, there was a general, de-politicization of the everyday life, which was actually detrimental to engaging in debate and in trying to improve the general political situation. Which is to say that people generally just like, pretended like these things didn't matter to them because most of them were pretty well- Anyway. So-

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I get it.

AUSTIN: That’s these guys. Right?

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Like, these two guys have different views about the city, it's clear. But there's a familiarity to them. 

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: There's a closeness to them where they’re like, ‘Ah! You're crazy!’ You know? 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That sort of stuff. Um, and... Give me- I think this is a Discerning Realities.
 
KEITH: Okay. Um-

AUSTIN: I think. You’re over listening to them. So, yeah give me that. Good rolls tonight. 

KEITH: Sure, that’s an eleven.

AUSTIN: Has anyone failed anything tonight yet? 

JACK: I think Ali got a roll of six earlier. 

ALI: It was like, a four?

KEITH: Er, Ali- Yeah, Ali rolled a six. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Was it that? What did she fail? I wanna make sure we get this right. Oh! Oh, it was to... It was trying to consult the sword. So, yeah. Mark down XP, Ali, from earlier. Make sure you have that marked right. Alright, so you get three-

KEITH: I’m never going to level again if I keep playing so good. 

AUSTIN: -Discern Realities here. Give me three questions off this list. 

KEITH: Alright, let me just get that- get that list. I wish it was faster getting to the list. 

AUSTIN: And I'm basically gonna give you this- You know, these are the questions you can ask generally about the city that you're going to pick up from bits of conversation overheard. Do you know what I mean? 

KEITH: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

AUSTIN: So, I’m not- These questions aren't going to be limited to like- My answer of like, what happened here recently isn't gonna be like, ‘Oh, these two guys started talking.’ I'm not- I'm not that dork. 

KEITH: Okay. Okay. 

AUSTIN: ‘What should I be on the lookout for?’ ‘Those fish sandwiches are real cheap. You go get- That's a deal! You should be on the lookout for-’

KEITH: Okay, I wanna- I wanna know who's really in control here.

AUSTIN: Okay. You… you know, you again- you piece this together-

JACK: I’ve got some information that might be pertinent to that.

AUSTIN: You piece this together from- from the conversation. And like, this is- this is like you're on some spy shit right now. 

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: Like, you're sitting down on a park bench with Hella. 

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is- this-

AUSTIN: Pretending to not know each other, and you're both over here like-

KEITH: Assassin's Creed one. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah, exactly.

KEITH: That's all we're doing. 

AUSTIN: Exactly. You hear them debating things, and I'm not going to act out the debate on both sides. I’m just gonna give you the facts here. You know that this town- the city-the city of Nacre, which is also known as the kind of heart of the Empire of Pearls, wh- however big that is. Who knows? 

KEITH: Right. 

AUSTIN: -is- is-

KEITH: It might be as big as this city now. 

AUSTIN: Exactly. But it is ruled by Empress Adelaide Tristé the Fourth. Sometimes just Adelaide. Sometimes just, you know, Adelaide the Fourth. Sometimes the Fourth Empress. 

KEITH: Sometimes Four. 

AUSTIN: Sometimes Four. 

KEITH: Sup Four? 

AUSTIN: What’s up, Four? Sometimes the Queen of Death.

KEITH: Okay. She sounds real. 

AUSTIN: She's- Yeah. So, she is... Was that what you were asking? Who's really in control here? Yeah, she is. 

KEITH: Oh, I was- Sorry. I meant who's really in control here among those two… arguers.

AUSTIN: Oh, neither of them.

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Neither of them. 

KEITH: Then no. Okay. So, there's not some sort of power thing going on between them. 

AUSTIN: Well, there is, but neither of them is in control. They represent-

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: They represent two different factions of the kind of Dem- of the- Sorry. Not the Democratic- the political spectrum here. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: One of them has its hands in the state and in military power. Obviously, the guy in armor. And there is- and the other guy kind of represents the citizenry here.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Also... which one of them is a ghost? Um… 

JACK: Good question. 

ALI: Can we roll to figure out which one is a ghost?

AUSTIN: Yeah, give me- give me... One is the armor guy. Two is the- Okay, the armor guy. So, the armor guy is…

KEITH: I was feelin’ armor guy.

AUSTIN: Yeah, me too. The thing that's interesting here is like, the other ghosts I've been imagining as kind of blue and spectral. Kind of like Jedi ghosts. Do you know what I mean? 

KEITH: Yeah. Mhm. 

AUSTIN: He's like, white ghost. He's like, white-translucent, shiny like these towers. 

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: And that conveys a sort of power to his presence. 

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: It almost seems like he's drawing on their energy as he walks around the space.
 
KEITH: Alright. 

AUSTIN: So, he kind of represents this more military faction, and then Vincenzo, who is the merchant dude, is... you know, represents the kind of citizenry here. The- the people livin’ their everyday lives. 

KEITH: Okay. Alright. And- 

AUSTIN: The other guy's name... What's a good name for a good soldier type? What's a good like, Italian name for a soldier type? 

KEITH: Waluigi.

ALI: Yep. 

AUSTIN: It’s not- No. No, it’s not Walu-

ALI: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Guys. 

ALI: Yeah. 

JACK: Giovanni. 

AUSTIN: Giovanni. 

KEITH: Okay. I thought you said they're all French. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I forgot that I'd already decided that they were Italian is the thing. 

KEITH: Oh, okay. 

AUSTIN: Like, I have all of these Italian names here that I'd completely forgot about. Um… ba-ba-ba...

KEITH: I mean they can be both because this place is neither. 

AUSTIN: Yes. This place is fictional. Exactly. 

KEITH: Yeah. So, Giovanni. Who's the other guy? 

AUSTIN: Vincenzo.

KEITH: Vincenzo. Alright. Well, okay. So, I wanted- Like, I wanna know what the thing they’re debating about is, and I could just-

AUSTIN: But you have to pick one of these Discerning Realities questions here. 

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: So… 

KEITH: I guess- I guess... 

AUSTIN: I think ‘what happened here recently’ would convey that, right? 

KEITH: Yeah, yeah. I was thinking- I was trying to decide between that and what is about to happen. 

AUSTIN: Those are two different things. I think that- 

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah. 

AUSTIN: But I want to be careful. I want to make sure I answer the right one for you. 

KEITH: Yeah. Because I think both of them- I think I want to know both of them. I think I want to ask both of those. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so those are your next two questions. Okay. 

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: So, here we go. 

KEITH: Like, I want to hear what happened and what might happen because of what they’re debating about.

AUSTIN: Okay. Sounds good. So, here's what just happened. What happened over the last day is that, a surprise to everyone- and you get this like, ‘Who coulda guessed it?’ You know, that kind of like- 

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: ‘No one could have imagined this in a million years.’ That Brandish showed up with who you quickly understand to mean… Calhoun. But they call him- they call him a lot of things. This is- They -they start off- they call him, you know, the Missing Boy. They call him Angelo. They call him the Heir Apparent. They say Our Brother. They call him the Prince of Pearls. The Emir of Alabaster. The Ivory Crown. And then-

KEITH: Man, they're talking a lot about this guy.

AUSTIN: It’s still not the whole thing. 

KEITH: This guy is Babe Ruth with the nicknames. 

AUSTIN: They also call him things like, The Reluctant. Like, you know, no one could have guessed The Reluctant was-

KEITH: Okay, so this is why he’s in chains.

AUSTIN: -still lived, let alone was- would be brought back by Brandish. They call him The Betrayer. They call him-

KEITH: Oh shit. 

AUSTIN: -The Coward. They-

KEITH: So, I’m listening to them for like, six hours.

AUSTIN: No. It’s like- it's almost like they don't have the same- That like, these are almost like royal titles. Do you know what I mean? It's almost like they're speaking in-

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah.

AUSTIN: -in a kind of... 

KEITH: Like, they're trading titles back and forth? 

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly. Like, it's almost- and these are like, established titles. Do you know what I mean?

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: These aren't like- they're not- they're not- these are descriptive. These are like, elements- aspects of this character in their lives. 

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: They call him The Wretched and The Abdicator. So, he... It was shocking to them. This is what just happened. This man, who you know as Captain Calhoun, was captured, brought to the Sable Spire, the prison to the southeast of the city, is currently-

KEITH: Because he’s an abdicator. 

AUSTIN: Because he was an abdicator. Because he abdicated his- his throne. 

KEITH: His throne, took from Four. 

AUSTIN: Right... You're not really sure why or how there. I don't think that's- That doesn't They're not like, ‘Oh, by the way, here is the history of our kingdom and what we know.’ Like, they don’t go deep into that. 

JACK: No, that’s a murder. 

AUSTIN: But you do get enough out of it to know that there is some- Right, exactly. 

KEITH: Let's trade histories real quick! 

AUSTIN: ‘I know you and I both know these things, but uh-’

KEITH: ‘Let's get a fuckin’ pie and talk about history!’

AUSTIN: ‘Ey! Oh! It’s Angelo!’

KEITH: It's fucking Italian Shrek! 

AUSTIN: Italian Shrek! Oh, I forgot about Italian Shrek. Alright. So, you know that he- So, that's- that's basically what just happened. What you know is going to happen- Oh, he’s currently in prison, at the top level of the Sable Spire. 

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: He's under the watchful eye of Veneer, who is the warden of the Sable Spire. 

KEITH: Oh, that sounds like a tough fight. 

JACK: There to prevent chairs from accidental water damage.

AUSTIN: That’s true. In the coming days, he will be put on trial for treason, and this is what the debate is about. Vincenzo thinks that they should not put him on trial, and they should not- Because the result of a treason trial is execution. There is no- He doesn't see this guy coming out of it any- any way possible other than losing his case. And if he loses it, he's executed. And Vincenzo says, you can't do that- you can't do that to divine blood. So, the... Giovanni's side is like, he gave up his right to divinity when he betrayed us all. And in the coming days, he'll be transferred from the Sable Spire to the courthouse, which is attach- attached to the palace in the northeast side of the city. There will be a parade that people will watch him being dragged, basically, through the street to the palace for his trial where he currently has no defender. No one in the town has decided to be his kind of defense attorney. And it's- it's kind of clear that there's just debate about what this means. That like, the kind of- There are people in the- in the city that want him to just return and like, sit on the throne. And there are people who need him dead or who want him dead for their own reasons. And that's kind of the split that you're seeing here. 

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: I think that's everything... 

KEITH: That is. That’s my three questions. 

AUSTIN: I just wanna make sure I'm not missing anything that just happened or that will be happening. A lot of the parties are about him returning. And at this point, you can tell that there's- they kind of even address this- They kind of explain that like, these people don't know what they're cheering for. 

KEITH: Right. So, ev- So, for the most part, the people are celebrating because, ‘Oh, this dude’s back. Woo!’ 

AUSTIN: Right. But there are- And there are those among- among them who are very clear that it's about- it's about, you know... getting justice for some misdeed. But there are also people here who think that this is going to be- to mean a golden era for the Empire of Pearls. 

KEITH: Do they- do they ever say- do they ever say what his betrayal entailed besides just leaving? Or if it was just like-

AUSTIN: Yeah 

KEITH: -if he leaves anything else happens? 

AUSTIN: I think at the- towards... So, this is, again, one of those situations where friends can like, start in a kind of polite debate, and then it ends up getting heated. And one of the last things they say to each other is... I think Giovanni says to Vincenzo- Giovanni is the military soldier type- he says- he kind of reaches out with his spectral hand and puts it Vincen- Vincen-jo’s- Vincenzo’s shoulder and says, 

GIOVANNI: The boy killed his father. There's no coming back from that.

KEITH: Oh shit.

AUSTIN: And he turns and walk- and like- and like-, uh, Vincenzo shrugs the hand off of him, and he shakes his head, and they separate from each other. And- and as they walk away, Giovanni says,

GIOVANNI: Next week? 

AUSTIN: And Vincenzo and- yeah, Vincenzo nods and says, 

VINCENZO: Next week. 

AUSTIN: What do you do? 

ALI: Friends.

KEITH: Um… 

AUSTIN: What do you do?

KEITH: I think-

ALI: That was pretty heavy. 

KEITH: Yeah. It was pretty- Man. Fuckin’ killed his dad! Maybe his dad was a dick. Who knows? 

AUSTIN: Who knows?

KEITH: Dads- Fuck Dads. 

AUSTIN: Let's go back to- let's go back to Lem for a moment here. 

KEITH: Okay. Yeah. 

JACK: How does it stand where I am at the moment? 

AUSTIN: You guys shook hands. He says- I think at this point, he's just like- 

KEITH: He’s like, had it- It seems like Emmanuel's whole thing is, ‘I've had it up to here with this tourist.’

AUSTIN: Yeah, but he’s also kind of- Like, just like when they fought, you know, there was like, a resignation of like, ‘Well, I’m fuckin stuck with this guy.’ 

JACK: He knew it from the start.

AUSTIN: He's like- Yeah. He's like, 

EMMANUEL: What- what do you want to do?

AUSTIN: Like- like-

EMMANUEL: What's up? What are you-? I can tell you're really excited to be here, Lem. 

LEM: Thank you. That means a lot. 

EMMANUEL: I don't understand, and I wish I could convince you to leave. But while you're here... What-

AUSTIN: P.S. It's super lucky that Lem is obviously super excited to be here and like, can't even think about saving Calhoun because that would have been bad. It's really good that you were the one who- who gave that up. You know what I mean? So, he just kind of like- His tone is like, when a friend visits town and- er you visit a friend’s place, but like, they haven't really planned anything. It's like- it's that sort of like, we could just order pizza and drink beer. Or like, do you want to go to- do you want to go somewhere? Like, what do you-? Like, 

EMMANUEL: What do you want to do, Lem? 

LEM: Can we go look at the palace?

EMMANUEL: The pal- He wants to look at the palace… Oh my god. The palace is closed at nights and on weekends. 

LEM: Is there like a- Is there like, a good hotel nearby? Or like, a pub or something?

EMMANUEL: Good hotel? Now he wants a good hotel. Yeah, we could- We could go to- We could go to Tristero’s, maybe. I guess. 

AUSTIN: And he’s like- He like nods you over.

JACK: Like, you know when you've been having like a- like a- You know when you've been feeling depressed, and you've been having- you're having a really great day. 

AUSTIN: Uh huh. 

JACK: And then like, just in the middle of doing something in that really great day, you’re suddenly reminded of the fact that yesterday was terrible or something?

AUSTIN: Yes. 

JACK: And you get this kind of like, momentary like- not a sinking feeling, but this kind of momentary like, ‘Oh, yeah. That.’ Every time he mentions Tristero, Lem is just like, ‘Oh, yeah. That was a- uh-’ 

AUSTIN: That happened. Yeah. Why am I not about to- Woah!

LEM: Tristero’s, huh? 

AUSTIN: Not what I wanted. 

LEM: Is that a hotel? 

EMMANUEL: Yeah. I- Where do I even start? 

AUSTIN: -he says. And you're kind of walking through the streets at this point. Sorry, I'm trying to turn this thing. This thing's supposed to- Nope, that's a street. This map these map tools are real tough sometimes, you guys. 

ALI: Oh. 

AUSTIN: Just want to fucking turn this rectangle. Let me- let me- let me have this! 

JACK: Let me have this moment.

AUSTIN: Just let me have this moment. Let's- let's slide it up here, and then I'll do it here. There's a- there is a big hotel. There is a very big hotel here. 

JACK: Wait, where? I've lost the thing now. 

AUSTIN: Well, yeah, it’s cause I moved it off the map, so I could fuck around with it some, and it’s just like, not-

JACK: Oh. 

AUSTIN: Oh, I see what's happening. It's- it's off- This does this sometimes. It's really frustrating. 

JACK: Podcasting: a primarily visual media.

AUSTIN: I know. I know. I know. There it is. 

KEITH: You- Hold on. Austin. You are recording the video for this though, right?

AUSTIN: I do. I do have all of the video for all of this stuff. It's true. 

KEITH: How are we not- I can just do that. Do you want me to just do that? 

AUSTIN: We can. I'll send it to you. 

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: I know. It's- it's kind of weird that we just didn't ever... 

KEITH: I mean I asked a couple times, but you were like, ‘Eh, maybe we'll do that,’ and then we just never brought it up again after, you know, two weeks ago. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, that did happen, huh? Oh my God. I- I'm going to reset Roll20. So, he- he grabs you. He kind of like- he doesn't grab you by the hand anymore. He's- he's kind of letting you follow him along, and you're walking through the kind of night streets, which again are primarily lit by these big towers. There aren't like, lamps anywhere. The lights- the lights of both the ghost people and the towers is enough to make this place visible to you, basically. Woah! Not what I wanted. Um, and he takes you to a... a place kind of right across from the market where you just were. 

JACK: Oh, lucky. 

AUSTIN: It is very lucky for everyone here. And... there we go. And he says,

EMMANUEL: Yeah, this is- this is the place. This is- In a way I guess, this is the heart of Nacre. You know… where do I- where do I start? A long time ago, this was a very pretty city, I guess. Way before my time. Way, way, way before my time. 

AUSTIN: He's undead, by the way, but he's definitely one of the undead from the recent killing that- of Brandish and his crew.

JACK: He is kind of newly undead. 

AUSTIN: He's newly undead. You know, kind of dealing with all of this. 

JACK: Hm. 

EMMANUEL: A long time ago, Nacre was just a real- a really beautiful place, I guess. There's lots of good food. Lots of good drink. It was a good time for everybody.
 
AUSTIN: Do you kind of show any recognition of that fact? Are you-?

JACK: Yeah. Mhm. 

AUSTIN: Okay. 

JACK: Yeah. Like um… Like, 

LEM: For us, this city is like- It's like a legend. It's like a- it's like a magical fictional place. 

EMMANUEL: It may as well be. This place, uh... It had lots of- lots of tourists. Lots of people loved this place. One of them was Tristero... It's hard to imagine, I know. But he really loved it here. 

AUSTIN: And he says that as if you should, of course, know what he means. 

EMMANUEL: So, when things got bad in the world, he made it not be so bad here. And since then, him and his line, they've been ruling this place. 

LEM: Just cause he really liked it? It was like a home for him? 

EMMANUEL: I mean he is a hard work- a hard- a hard job. You know? You find a vacation spot with a job like that. 

LEM: Emmanuel, I'm going to be honest with you. Where I come from, we don't know who Tristero is. I've- I've only heard his name the first time today. 

AUSTIN: He laughs. 

EMMANUEL: Now- What's it- It's bad out there, huh?

LEM: Yeah, it kind of is. 

EMMANUEL: Pwoof. You know, Tristero? 

AUSTIN: He says. Like, as if- saying as if maybe he said it wrong. 

EMMANUEL: Tristero, you know. He who controls life and death? The man who- who ushers our souls onto the afterlife? Tristero. 

LEM: Not- Not ringing any bells there, bud. 

AUSTIN: Here's a thing. Give me- Hm, what is this? 

JACK: Oh, hang on.

AUSTIN: How do you- How do you notice this? Oh yeah! Do you have some Bard shit? What's your Bard shit?

KEITH: Well, you got that violin. 

JACK: I’ve got a violin.

AUSTIN: You do have a violin. Give me- What are your- But what's your Bardic knowledge?

JACK: Uh, my Bardic Knowledge is-

AUSTIN: Grand histories?

JACK: Mhm. 

AUSTIN: Oh, it’s- Oh, it's grand history of the known world. 

JACK: Grand histories. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. 

AUSTIN: Now this should be- this is a- Hm. Oh, this is a Spout Lore. 

JACK: Okay. You want me to roll Spout Lore?. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Give me a Spout Lore as you're trying to think through this. 

JACK: Mm. Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Because there's a moment at which it could fall into place for you. 

JACK: I'm not just gonna Fero this here. I've done my research, even if that is a-

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. Yeah. 

KEITH: Hold on. Hold- Whoa, whoa, whoa. What does that mean? 

JACK: Fero-ing it is just going like, ‘That's really weird!’

AUSTIN: Okay. 

JACK: So, I roll plus intelligence, which isn’t one of my best stats. I don't think so. We'll have fun now. Oh, no. Intelligence is alright. Six. 

AUSTIN: Not like that, it isn't. Okay.

JACK: Mark XP. 

AUSTIN: So, here's what happens. Yeah, go ahead Mark. XP. You’re in-

KEITH: You deserve it, Buddy. 

AUSTIN: You go into this hotel, and it's been kind of converted. It's a weird place because... He kind of gives you the walking tour of the space. And it becomes clear that- For reasons, Keith just typed in the chat, ‘Maybe you should have Fero-ed it.’ I just need people on the- I want record of that. So, it becomes clear that this is like, a strange mix of a destination and a... like a- like a resort destination, in a sense. But also, a religious space.

JACK: Are we talking about Nacre? Or are we talking about Tristero? 

AUSTIN: This- We’re talking about Tristero, the hotel. The hotel named for Tristero. 

JACK: Mhm. 

AUSTIN: And you realize it's because it's a holy ground. It is the… it is the space where... Okay. Here it is. Tristero, God of Death- this is kind of unfolded to you as you're- as you're here- Tristero, God of Death, used to take vacations here. This was his place off. This was- He has done the year. It's New Year's. He spends it here on the coast at Nacre. This most beautiful city And at the moment of Erasure- and this is where it kind of comes back to you- It's as if a spell has been broken. It's as if an enchantment comes undone. When you- when you put the- when you're in this space, and you hear the story, it all comes together. And books that you've read in the Archive had these words all along, and you didn't know it. You read these books. You read them, and what you're hearing now was in them, but you didn't see it. It wasn't there at the time. Everyone at the Archives has read these books. They know this story, but it's gone. 

JACK: Are we talking that it literally, physically wasn’t there? Or-?

AUSTIN: I'm gonna continue. No, it was- it was physically there. But upon reading it, like, your memory now fills in the blank. 

JACK: Right. 

AUSTIN: That those times you poured over the stories of the Erasure, this was in there. But it's- it was just... for whatever reason, you couldn't hold onto it. And the reason is clear to you almost- you know, as you get this kind of walking history. The city, Nacre, was one of Tristero’s pleasures. So astonishing its architecture. So wonderful its people, its culture, its food, that he wanted to spare them. And so, in the Erasure, in the moment that would have torn this place asunder, separated it from the world, he shielded it with his own divinity. He gave up his- his job. He stepped down from the role of God of Death and became Tristan the first, the Emperor of Pearls and founded the royal line that walks here to this day.
 
JACK: Do you wanna cut back to the others? Or-? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think so. 

JACK: I don't know. I'm just cautious that- 

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think that that's a good spot to stop there. Lem and Hella-

JACK: You mean Fero and Hella. 

AUSTIN: Fero and Hella. God damnit! I got through this whole game-

KEITH: Hi! Hi, my name's Keith and Fero. How are you? 

AUSTIN: For what it's worth, I mostly... Yeah. No, that's fair.

KEITH: Yeah, Austin. You haven't called me Kyle in nearly a couple of months.

AUSTIN: It's true! It has been a couple of months. 

KEITH: But like, that’s still- like, that's not a great track record still, right? 

AUSTIN: It could be better. 

KEITH: Like, I've never called you Janine ever. 

AUSTIN: Not once! 

ALI: That’s different.

AUSTIN: But what if her name was like, Anine? Then you might. Like, Aunine. Then you might.

KEITH: I- Well, okay..I've never called you Art then. 

AUSTIN: Are you sure?

KEITH: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Someone has. 

KEITH: It wasn't me. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. Likely story. So, let's- let's get back to you guys. At this point- at this point, I'm going to say- let's make it super easy. You see- You've been like, looking around these gardens in this market area for quite some time before you finally see Lem walk into this hotel with one of the fucking pirates from the pirate ship! He was on the Kingdom Come! He stabbed that guy! 

KEITH: Oh, god. I’m so mad.

AUSTIN: He stabbed him in the chest!

KEITH: I’m so upset. 

ALI: I’m also very mad. 

AUSTIN: And they're like, buds.

KEITH: Cause- because I- Like, we spent- we spent like, twenty minutes last week talking about Emmanuel, right? Like… But Fero didn't have even a second to look at Emmanuel. That was all Jack stuff. 

AUSTIN and ALI: Yeah. 

KEITH: That was all with Lem. And all of that was texture that we were being told that- that Jack was being told that- All Lem got was like, a funny look. 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

KEITH: Like, that's all that- That's all that actually happened. So, Emmanuel is barely- is like, only relevant to Lem for over-romanticizing it, and not relevant to Fero and Hella at all. 

AUSTIN: No. 

KEITH: So, this is- We could-

JACK: No, I think- I think now Emanuel's pretty relevant to me. 

KEITH: Well, now. Yeah. But at the- at the time, not really. Like, at the time, you had like, enough justification to do what you did. 

JACK: Yeah. Agreed. 

KEITH: But you had no actual knowledge about Emmanuel or who he was or anything. Like, he just like, had to look, and you went with it. 

JACK: Yes. 

KEITH: And that's fine and cool, but it also like- we don't know who that is. And we just see you with a fucking pirate. Like a rando pirate. Like, I just want to make it clear that we don't see you with Emmanuel. we see you with a pirate. 

AUSTIN: An undead pirate. 

ALI: An undead pirate who we know works with Brandish. 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

ALI: He’s not just like, a guy in this town. 

AUSTIN: And they're just chattin’, and they go in that place. 

ALI: Oh, they look chummy, I bet. 

AUSTIN: They look mad chummy. They are so much-

KEITH: Well- 

AUSTIN: They are really- Well… 

KEITH: Lem looks chummy. 

AUSTIN: I think Emmanuel still has some chumminess in him. 

ALI: Yeah. He’s certainly-

AUSTIN: He’s undead. He's not a jerk. 

ALI: He's like, amused by Lem at this point. 

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes. That's what it is. It’s that sort of chumminess. It's like- You're right. 

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah. 

AUSTIN: You’re right, Keith, to say that it's not like they're best buds hanging out. Like, there isn’t-

KEITH: Yeah. This is not an arm lock thing. This is sort of like a- like, Lem is kind of like a puppy to him. 

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: This is like- and like-

AUSTIN: Wow. 

KEITH: -and like, Emanuel is a little bit of an- a little bit annoyed. 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

KEITH: But like, I still love my dog. 

AUSTIN: Yes. Exactly. 

JACK: Would you blame Lem if you were in his shoes?.

KEITH: No, not at all. I'm just describing it. 

JACK: Yeah, no, that's fair. 

KEITH: I think- I think that you are- your- Lem’s reaction is… You're allowed to be the most real with how you're taking this. Like, I think we'd all be fucking freaking out.
 
JACK: Yeah. I think- I don’t know. Anyway, where are you at?

KEITH: I think we fuckin’ follow you. 

AUSTIN: Okay, so you guys are like, kind of a few steps behind him this whole time. And just to describe this space one more time here. It's- it's a hotel that all of the kind of resort- resort place like, elements of it- So, like, there's still a dining area on the first floor. There are still couches in the lobby. But like, no one is here to vacation anymore So, there aren't like- There's no receptionist waiting to check you in. There's probably a receptionist there to like- There's a receptionist there, but they serve an almost holy role, right? Like, there's almost a religious element here. There is certainly. There are not almost- There is a religious element here. 

KEITH: So, this is like a live- this is like a Stations of the Cross, sort of. 

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes. 

KEITH: But it's a hotel. Like-

AUSTIN: But it’s a hotel. And it’s still a hotel. And like, in honor of Tristero, it still operates in terms of like, ‘Oh, that restaurant still serves the menu that it did then to the degree that it can- to the degree that they can still get those- those supplies.’ You know?

JACK: This is so cool.

AUSTIN: The- the walking tour- 

KEITH: So, we can- we can almost boil down Brandish’s theft of all that food to fulfilling a religious requirement.

AUSTIN: Part of it definitely is that. Yeah. Part of that food comes here. And like, the rest of it goes out to those markets that you were just at. Do you know what I mean? Like-

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Those people are given an amount of food to like, do stuff with, and like, they can buy from- from the supplies that Brandish brings in. You know, like, there is a little light bit of a market here in terms of like, buying new stuff and trying out new recipes and making cool crafts with the- Like, sometimes Brandish comes back with- Like instead of food stuffs, it's just like, ‘Yeah, I got a bunch of iron. I don't- Okay.’ Like, ‘I just got a bunch of wood. Let’s do some stuff with this. This is cool.’

JACK: Yeah. ‘Here are twenty-three sheep.’

KEITH: What was-?

AUSTIN: Right. Right.

KEITH: Is- Did- Does Brandish have- Cause Brandich has a reputation of being like, sort of a- like, a marauder-

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes.

KEITH: He’s going around, and he’s, you know, stealing shit. 

AUSTIN: And killing people and hurting people. 

KEITH: And killing people. 

AUSTIN: Yes. 

KEITH: And that's- but that's like- that's still part of his thing. Like, he's doing all this stuff, and it's like, ‘Ah, Brandish is just a guy.’ But he also like is a cruel pirate… also.

AUSTIN: Yeah, he’s a pirate. 

KEITH: Well, he's a bo- Like, he's a- you know. Yeah, he's a pirate. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. 

KEITH: Like, he's not- I guess I'm not saying he's cruel for a pirate even. 

AUSTIN: Right. That's the thing.

KEITH: Right. 

AUSTIN: Like, I don't think he is cruel for a pirate. You know what I mean? Like- 

KEITH: He's just pirate.

AUSTIN: He’s a pirate, and he hurts people, and he kills people, and he takes their things. And like, there's no dressing that up in any other way, except to say that he's also bringing that stuff back for the civilization to continue to flourish. This one- 

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: -last beacon of pre-Erasure beauty. You know? I don't know what that's worth to you. If anything. I know what it is worth to Lem. I have a feeling I know what it's worth to Hella, which is little. Maybe. 

ALI: I-

AUSTIN: I don't know. How does Hella feel about this place? 

ALI: I guess what you said just right before that. 

AUSTIN: That like-

ALI: You’re asking about the hotel in general? 

AUSTIN: Yeah, just the city in general. Like, you recognize as you move through the space that this is- to some degree, Brandish’s pirate fleet is how this old beautiful city can continue to exist. Does Hella care about that? 

ALI: I-

AUSTIN: Does that like- Does that lighten the sin of Brandish in any way? 

ALI: No. I think that it becomes like, even more frustrating for her. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

ALI: Because this city like- it's familiar, but it's also like, really unnatural. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. 

ALI: And she is probably not into the fact that it exists. 

AUSTIN: Mhm. Yeah. 

ALI: Like, she doesn't want food from her people or anyone else being used to feed ghosts. 

AUSTIN: Right. 

ALI: Like, no one-

AUSTIN: Uh, you don't see any ghosts eating. 

KEITH: The gho- I don’t think the ghosts eat. 

AUSTIN: The ghosts are not eating. 

ALI: Ok. But like-

AUSTIN: That's a very specific thing here. Which is weird. 

ALI: Sick. 

AUSTIN: We'll get to that in the future, for sure. That's a thing. I have a whole note about the food situation with regard to ghosts. It’s- ah. This is the human I am.

ALI: Okay, but like, regardless this-

KEITH: No one's- no one's upset at you for it, Austin. 

AUSTIN: Okay, good. I'm glad. It's important to me. 

ALI: This is the most bustling city that she’s ever seen. 

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes. 

ALI: And also like, one that she rejects from the very core of her. 

AUSTIN: Okay. Mhm. So, you guys are kind of wandering through this place. You guys- uh, Lem and- and Emmanuel are always again, like, five steps ahead of Fero and Hella. Or like, they turn the corner just as Hella and Fero like, turn their corner to like, catch a glance of them. They go up the stairs. They like- Again, the camera shot here is like, it's a- it's a pan down from watching… You see Emmanuel and Lem step off of the stair to a new landing, and it pans down to see a Fero and Hella start going up those stairs. Really ornate beautiful stairs. Like, this was a destination before the Erasure. And I think at some point-

ALI: Can I-?

AUSTIN: Go ahead. 

ALI: Can I make an interjection to say that like, Hella is purposely trying to make sure that Lem doesn't notice them?

AUSTIN: Sure. Sure. Totally. Totally. Absolutely. Give me...Given me a Defy Danger dexterity really quick.

ALI: Okay. 

AUSTIN: Because there’s something else happening here that we'll get to in a second. Before we break. We're almost-

KEITH: Am I also Defying Danger?

AUSTIN: No, no. You can Aid if you’d like. 

KEITH: Okay. Yeah. I'll do an- I’ll do an aid. That's just a regular to 2d12? 

AUSTIN: 2d6.

KEITH: 2d6. 

AUSTIN: Plus- Yeah, plus-

KEITH: 2d12? 

AUSTIN: 2d6 plus one for your bond. Unless you have two bonds. 

KEITH: Let me check. I think that we just have the one. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. I think so, too. Yes. 

KEITH: Yeah. That’s eleven. 

AUSTIN: Okay. So, you do well. So, you can give her a plus one.

KEITH: Oh yeah. Here. Have my plus one. 

AUSTIN: She's up to a five. Which is bad. It's doubly bad because of another role that we haven't touched yet. And we'll come back to in a second. Lem, I think- I think you are, at this point, like, the final station of the cross, so to speak, of Tristero’s journey here. Right? His- The kind of- The last step of this- of this hotel temple is his penthouse. And it ends on like, a balcony looking out onto the inlet. You can see to your- you can see on the- on the ocean waves, the sun to the east is starting to sparkle down onto it, right? Like, the sun is starting to rise behind you effectively to the east, but you can see the first glimmer of that on the reflection of the waves. It's a beautiful sound. And it's quiet. And the stars start to disappear, but the space still feels bright and joyful. Emmanuel offers you a cigarette.

JACK: Yeah. Cool. I'll go for it. Smokin’ on a balcony in the most magical city. 

AUSTIN: Right. You kind of lean over the- over the edge there. And… Hella?

KEITH: There's a tobacco industry? 

AUSTIN: Listen. There's- there is tobacco certainly.

KEITH: Okay. 

AUSTIN: There's certainly tobacco. I think Ordenna definitely produces tobacco. Um- 
 
JACK: Wait, wait. Hang on a second before we- I wanna- I wanna apologize to Emmanuel for fighting him with a big sword earlier. 

AUSTIN: Okay, that's fair. He says, 

EMMANUEL: Eh.

KEITH: A job’s a job.

EMMANUEL: Yeah, things are- things are complicated. Not again though, huh? 

AUSTIN: He laughs. You guys to take a long drag when-

KEITH: That's foreshadow. We’re gonna have to kill Emmanuel. 

AUSTIN: Who knows?! I don’t know. What I do know is that, at this point, Lem- Sorry. Fero and Hella come into the penthouse to see the two- Emmanuel and Lem smoking, and then there's just like, a nice- there's a good like, hand on your shoulder, Hella. 

ALI: Yeah? 

AUSTIN: What do you do? 

ALI: Um, definitely... I reach for that dagger that I have. 

AUSTIN: Good call. 

ALI: That’s my instinct. 

AUSTIN: As you reach for it, you feel the sharp edge of a blade up against your neck. 

ALI: Oh boy. 

BRANDISH: Ah, ah, ah. I wouldn't if I were you, Missy. 

AUSTIN: And you feel the air come from the hole in his neck. 

BRANDISH: What a surprise!

[AUTUMN14]

ART: ...what was that?
NICK: I’m gonna mute myself on Skype real quick.
ART: I think that’s still inside the fives.
NICK: Aaaaaaaah… test… aaaaah. Aaah, ah ah. Ah ah ah ah. Hey, I’m super-excited, waaaa, wooo, testing. Audio testing, wooo-wah, woowaaaah. Hey, hey. Shhhhhhhhhh.
AUSTIN: I don’t think we’re f— are we — aren’t we done with those ice dudes? Have I fucked up my prep?
DRE: Yeah, I think we — we, we killed all the ice dudes, I mean, unless there’s more ice dudes in that tower. We don’t know!
AUSTIN: Yeah.
ART: I didn’t think it stopped being cold, I just thought we weren’t near that — I dunno… 
DRE: We don’t know!
ART: Any time it’s cold, I remember ice dudes.
AUSTIN: No, it’s still cold.
ART: Who lives in cold? Ice dudes. I’d be s— pretty surprised if we were fighting fire dudes they’d be uncomfortable.
AUSTIN: You fought a fire dude last week.
DRE: We did, in fact, fight a fire dude.
AUSTIN: Hey everybody, welcome to Friends at the Table, an actual play podcast focused on critical worldbuilding, smart characterization, and fun interaction between good friends. As always, we are presented by StreamFriends.tv and RunButton.net; our agenda is to portray a fantastic world, fill the characters’ lives with adventure, and to play to find out what happens. We are continuing our Dungeon World game today: Dungeon World, a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel based on a system originally by D. Vincent Baker. Joining me today, uh, Nick Sondgeroth.
NICK: Hello. Hello —
AUSTIN: Say hi, Nick.
AUSTIN: — hello, hi, sorry. Uh, Art Tebbel.
ART: Hey!
AUSTIN: And, uh, Andrew Lee Swan.
DRE: Hey, hi!
AUSTIN: Where can people find you, in that same order? On the internet?
NICK: Uh, you can find me at Twitch, Twitter, and Youtube slash DrEvilBones. Or “drevil-bones.”
ART: Uh, you can — oh, oh, sorry.
NICK: Nope.
ART: Uh, you can find me on Twitter at atebbel. If you go on now,--
NICK: It’s cool; I’m just gonna keep interrupting you.
ART: — you can, you can see the crazy photos from my New Year’s Eve party.
DRE: Your New Year’s Eve party?
AUSTIN: ‘Cause it’s, ‘cause it’s the future. ‘Cause by the time this is out—
DRE: Oh, right. 
AUSTIN: —it’ll be the future.
DRE: Yeah, perfect. 
ART: It probably won’t be the new year, actually.
NICK: The fuuuuuutuuuuuure!
AUSTIN: No, it will.
DRE: Yeah, probably. 
AUSTIN: It might be. By the time we get to here, it might be. And Dre, where can people find you?
DRE: Yeah, sorry, I didn’t know if Art was going to keep that bit going. Uh, you can find me on Twitter at andrewleeswan.
AUSTIN: You can find me on Twitter at austin_walker, thecalcutec on twitch, and at clockworkworlds.com. Again, we are back on, Team Ice Party. Uh, so Keith will have to listen to this whole thing anyway, so… He’ll— he’ll have to enjoy this
ART: But he likes when we say his name, so…
AUSTIN: He does; he has told us he likes— I think just, he likes when anyone says his name. And it just—
NICK: Wait, who— who are you guys talking about?
AUSTIN: Oh boy. Does anybody—
ART: The word-eaters got him, ahhhhhhh…
AUSTIN: Does anybody remember where we were last week and what— what kind of happened last time we played?
DRE: Ummm, yes… But I feel like I’m always the person who jumps in with this. 
NICK: I saved the day.
ART: Yeah, that happened.
NICK: I saved everything.
DRE: Yeah, Nick— Nick saved the day.
AUSTIN: Nick did save the day. Fantasmo did save the day, um... by… uh… confronting a very big word-eater.
ART: Yes.
AUSTIN: What were you going to say, Art?
ART: Pushed us closer to us being done way before Boat Party. For us like just, crashing Boat Party.
AUSTIN: Yeah, I haven’t— we haven’t run another Boat Party game, I think, since your last game, ‘cause Ali went on vacation. Um, so now you guys are actually passing ahead, uh...
ART: We’ve been ahead the whole time, right; like, that’s the worry—
AUSTIN: Right.
ART: —that we’re going to be like, just… it’s over.
AUSTIN: Ri— I— Iunno. There are ways. I have ways.
NICK: Yeah, we’re winning!
DRE: I’ve heard of that.
AUSTIN: And also— also, means. I have ways and means. Also, a committee. I have— 
ART: Yeah, you’re like a committee over there. They call him Austin “The Committee” Walker.
AUSTIN: —the Ways and Means Committee. That’s— that’s what they call me.
DRE: What sort of rules of order are you employing here?
AUSTIN: None, actually, I-- we thought about— about using Robert’s for a while, and then, eh... it’s a lot of work. So, in the downtime, did anybody level up?
DRE: Yes, I did.
AUSTIN: What moves did you guys take?
ART: Uh, the one that lets me cast cleric spells.
AUSTIN: Right, okay.
DRE: Ooooh!
ART: Uh, it has a name that I could tell you… once I stop stalling to get to there on my character sheet. It is called Divine Favor.
AUSTIN: Good job. And, uh, Throndir?
DRE: Uh, well, you and I had conversations ‘cause we ended up making a move, uh—
AUSTIN: We did!
DRE: —for Throndir. Uh, ‘cause originally, uh, there’s a move in stock Dungeon World for rangers called Half-Elven. 
AUSTIN: Mmhmm.
DRE: And the way that works is if you’re an elf, you get the human move, and if you’re a human, you get the elf move. 
AUSTIN: Right.
DRE: And I liked the idea of doing something with Half-Elven because Throndir discovered in our last playthrough that he has goblin blood in him.
AUSTIN: Mmhmm.
DRE: Um, but we were trying to figure out what— how that would work, um, so the move we came up with, uh, I believe we decided to name it Kindrali’s Chosen.
AUSTIN: Yeah.
DRE: Um, and so after we killed that Word-Eater and during that flash of knowledge that we all got, um y’know, Throndir kind of — he learned the name of his people’s, y’know, one of their main gods, which is— which is a big deal for— for his people and his belief system, so… He now has a— a connection with Kindrali that he probably doesn’t have complete control over right now, but it’s there.
So the skill that we ended up making is somewhat similar to, I believe, the bard skill. Um, so it reads, the way that we’ve written it out: “When you consult Kindrali, he who knows, about a historical artifact, place, or event, roll +WIS. On a 10— on a 10+, get something interesting and useful. On a 7-9, get something interesting, but without an explanation of its usefulness.
AUSTIN: Right. It’s sort of like Spout Lore, but it’s— it’s specifically for, uh, kind of getting visions from Kindrali; the reason it’s— 
DRE: Mmhmm.
AUSTIN: It’s plus wisdom is because what you’ll be s— what— what you’ll— the actual experience of it will be visual, and we’ll see how that turns out in play.
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Uh, Nick, did Fantasmo level, or— or nah?
NICK: Nope. Still level 2. I’m like 1 away, so I’ll probably level after today.
AUSTIN: Yeah, so this— It would be really weird if you didn’t. 
NICK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: You know— given the way this, this game works.
DRE: Just fail something really quick.
AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. Uh, so we left off with you being able to see Auniq, the snow-elven city, uh, or, or, kind of the snow-elven… I… is it a city? Wha- what’s it like, Dre?
DRE: Um, I would imagine it looks probably, uh, it’s probably closer to a village than a city. You know, they have walls that are functional for like keeping out animals, like they gotta keep the owlbears out, right? But, they, they’re not— they haven’t built this to like withstand uh, you know, like attackers from like other like humanoids, uh… or other species, so, uh...
AUSTIN: Right. In a real way, the Mark of the Erasure is already a sort of wall, right?
DRE: Yeah! Absolutely.
AUSTIN: Yeah.
DRE: Um, so I mean, they have walls, but they’re not, like, you know, big impressive city walls. So it probably looks more like a, you know, like a large village. You know, within it, there’s probably some— there’s like some farms, and— and some agricultural stuff, um, but it’s— I mean, it’s definitely not towering or impressive. Uh it’s functional; it’s nice; it’s well-kept; but it’s not... ostentatious.
AUSTIN: What— what’s the population like in, in Auniq?
DRE: Uh, I would guess, ummmmmm… What’s the population of Velas? I wanna get a sense for scale here.
AUSTIN: I think we ended up saying—
ART: Uh, we had a number once.
AUSTIN: We did have a number once. Uh, it’s a city, you know. It’s thousands of people, it might be— but not like, but not a million people; not a hundred thousand people, do you know what I mean?
DRE: Yeah. Sure.
AUSTIN: I think we ended up saying five to ten thousand? We ended up going deep into like, how many people were in medieval cities, or like, pre-medieval cities, you know?
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Um, I feel like this—
ART: Yeah, I remember we were looking at the population of Kyoto at one point.
AUSTIN: Yeah, I think we were saying like ten to twenty-five thousand, somewhere in there, in like the entire region, in that whole like chunk of the map, including the big, mostly abandoned, um, ruins of the city, you know?
DRE: Let’s say about 800.
AUSTIN: Okay. That seems fair. That’s— that’s like a healthy population, uh, for, for a town that big. Um.
So, you see those walls in the distance, and then beyond that, when we left off, you could see a fallen tower, similar in design to the one that you— that you, uh, stormed on the Isle of Eventide, um, but, but much bigger. Um, so the architecture is similar, but the scale of it is— is ostentatious, and in a real way, Auniq is in the shadow of that— that fallen, grand um, uh… building, right? Like, there— there is something interesting there about their space being practical, but also being, you know, reasonably close to this thing that was, just pure power and spectacle. Um… so what are you doing?
What’s your plan? You know that you’re heading for this tower, like in your hearts, you know that that’s where you’re going. But between you and there is Auniq.
Mm, say it’s probably early in the day today.
DRE: Well, I mean— we already know that they know that we’re like, out here. ‘Cause we ran into some snow elves when we were going through the mountains, uh, to go fight the word-eater, um… so they know we’re here. 
AUSTIN: Mmhmm.
NICK: What was— what was our initial— why were we sent out here, again?
AUSTIN: The, um, the Velasian Council is sending you here to investigate one of the marks that was on this map. Remember, r— remember you found that-
NICK: Oh, yeah yeah yeah. Okay.
AUSTIN: -kind of tactical map that had the kind of plumb-bob style floating crystals on it. One of them was in the center of the mark of the Erasure.
NICK: Yup. We’re looking for a probable other tower, probably.
AUSTIN: Right, well, you see this one that is probably it, you know. The— the one that is fallen here.
NICK: Oh, I see, okay, yeah.
AUSTIN: You see what I’m saying? This is the same type of architecture.
NICK: Yup. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I getcha.
AUSTIN: Um, and— um, you guys should also— everybody should remove another ration from use over the last, like, day, of travel.
DRE: Oh, yeah. Cool.
AUSTIN: And I think you’re probably… Let’s say four days away, four more ration uses away from this tower, maybe three? Let’s say three. Um.
But, uh… but that's if you went in a straight line, right? If you went around Auniq—
DRE: Mmm. That would take us through Auniq.
AUSTIN: Right, if you went around Auniq, it would probably be another, another day or two on that, depending on what happens, you know?
DRE: Austin, how much does Throndir know about this tower? Um, ‘cause I, almost wonder, like while we’ve— while they’ve— the snow elves have been under the, you know, the thrall of the word-eaters— Like I almost wonder did nobody even notice this tower existed?
AUSTIN: That’s interesting; I hadn’t thought about that. Um, I could run with that. Uh, part of me— so, there’s a practical reason why no one has ever been there. Which is, you know that it’s really cold near there. Like, it’s colder than here. Uh, this is a thing that we didn’t really talk about and, uh, you know, this is on me for maybe not emphasizing it hard enough, um.
Part of that is ‘cause, ‘cause Andrew’s character— for Andrew’s character, the cold is, is normal, right? The snow here is like part of daily life, snow isn’t a big deal for him. For uh, Fantasmo and for Hadrian, the Sword of Samothes, Defender of the Undying Fire, Member of the Order of Eternal Princes, uh… This is… unheard of. Right? This is, or, it’s not unheard of; it’s spoken in whispers, right? Like, people know what snow is because you’re in the kind of quadrant of Hieron where there is snow because of the Erasure, the Mark of Erasure, like people have been towards the mark of the Erasure before. But it’s never snowed in Velas, It’s only ever snowed near this space. So, for the Great Fantasmo and for Hadrian, Sword of Samothes, Defender of the Undying Fire, Member of Eternal— the Order of Eternal Princes, uh…
ART: Please only refer to me by all of those titles at any time.
AUSTIN: This is, something— I guess I should ask you: Hadrian and Fantasmo— Hadrian, Sword of Samothes, etcetera— and the Great Fantasmo, how has it been, being in a place this cold and like, walking through snow?
ART: Ah, well, those are two questions for, for... I gave myself a promotion that, that you’re also not recognizing and how dare you.
AUSTIN: Oh, what?
ART: It’s, uh— I, I haven’t changed it on my character sheet because I’m the worst, but it’s, uh...
AUSTIN: Well, there you go! 
ART: Uh, um... it’s, it’s… Hadrian, Sword of Samothes, Defender of the Undying Fire, Officer of the Order of Eternal Princes—
AUSTIN: Oooh.
ART: Thank you very much.
AUSTIN: Officer.
ART: Officer of the Order of Eternal Princes.
NICK: Is “thank you very much” part of the title now also?
ART: Uh, yeah, definitely, absolutely.
DRE: Esquire.
ART: Yeah, also he travels through time in a phone booth. Uh… But you know, it doesn’t come up a lot in, in this play. Um, ‘cause, ‘cause I made myself immune to cold. And I don’t know what that mea— like, do I feel cold and it just doesn't affect my body?
AUSTIN: Right, right. 
ART: Or is it like “Welp, this just feels like room temperature.”
AUSTIN: I don’t know, you tell me.
ART: And then what isn’t medieval room temperature? Probably colder than contemporary room temperature…
AUSTIN: Yeah, definitely.
ART: But, uh, um, I guess it’s more interesting if it just f— if it’s— feels cold but it doesn’t do anything.
AUSTIN: That is more interesting, yeah.
ART: Like it feels cold, but like, my circulation’s the same.
AUSTIN: Mmhmm.
ART: Umm… Yeah, it must be— it, it must be insane, right? Like it must be like— it must be like seeing the world come to an end.
AUSTIN: Yeah.
ART: Like, this must like— “Oh, if it’s like this here, then, then ten miles to the south, it must just be— it just— must just be nothing, right?” Or must just be rocks. Rocks and, and, and nothing.
AUSTIN: Mmhmm, mmhmm, hmmm.
ART: Uh, and that must be like challenging, ‘cause, ‘cause presumably, that’s not what people think. You know, it’s not like “Oh, yeah, it’s cold over there, then over that mountain range the, world ends.” Like that’s probably, that— some people might think that, but that’s probably not what a— what a religious person would think.
AUSTIN: Right. Uh, what about you, Fantasmo?
NICK: Um. Fantasmo has been, uh, prestidigitatedly warming his robes from time to time. So, I mean…
AUSTIN: He’s dealing.
NICK: Yeah. He’s— he’s not comfortable, like, you got, like the two of them have probably heard a lot of very sarcastic complaining under his breath, maybe some elven swear words here and there, but… He’s—
ART: Oh man, what are elven swears like?
AUSTIN: Good question.
Let’s think about it. Let’s think up some as we, as we continue. So, again, what’s— what’s the plan here? Again, Auniq is— is kind of dead ahead, uh, it’s early in the day... What’s your— what’s your plan?
DRE: Well, I think, for me, just like a survivability point, if we’re gonna make it to the tower and then back to Velas, which I hope is everyone’s plan, uh, we’ll, we’ll have to load back up on rations probably.
AUSTIN: Right.
DRE: So we will have to go to Auniq sooner or later.
AUSTIN: What are you guys at in terms of rations right now?
DRE: Uh, I have nine uses left after marking off that one you mentioned a few minutes ago.
AUSTIN: Okay, so you’ll be— it’ll be close.
NICK: I— I only have four left, so yeah.
AUSTIN: And a great feast.
NICK: Did I use that, ‘cause it’s not on my character sheet anymore.
AUSTIN: Oh, did you use it?
NICK: I think I might have used it—
DRE: Maybe?
AUSTIN: Oh, did you use it while you were staying… Okay, it was Mee Kosh’s...
NICK: I think I might’ve eaten at— in— Yeah. In the goblin’s hut, in the goblin’s hut.
AUSTIN: It was Mee Kosh’s.
DRE: Oh, that’s right!
NICK: It was Mee Kosh, yeah.
DRE: Mm-hm, I remember that now.
AUSTIN: Okay.
DRE: Good ol’ Mee Kosh.
AUSTIN: So yeah, you’re low on food.
ART: I have... I have 10 rations and I don’t need to eat.
AUSTIN: Well, you don’t need to eat now. What happens when you find the, the secret of this temple or whatever?
DRE: Yeah, when you finish the quest...
ART: Then it would— then it would seem my, my quest has been fulfilled.
AUSTIN: And you’d have to eat. So… these are the practicalities that we don’t think about when we take holy crusades. 
ART: Whatever, my crusade’s over, then; I’ll be at peace with my god and I— it’ll just be time to die, then. I mean, that’s the, that’s gotta be the thinking, right? Like on some level.
AUSTIN: Yeah, ha, yeah. Um…
ART: I mean, what is there to do? Right? Like, is there, is there hunting? Is there… gathering? How does one make...
AUSTIN: Yeah, there’s, there’s, yeah, I guess this is, again, a question for Throndir. How do the people of Auniq survive? You mentioned some farms...
DRE: Um, yeah, we do some farming, uh, but I imagine there’s probably, I mean, hunting parties is probably like a regular thing; I mean that’s— that’s how Throndir learned how to shoot a bow and hold a spear and track and, you know, move through woods and move through the environment, um… y’know, hunting is a big part of snow elf life because they have to have meat to eat, because they can do some agriculture but it’s just— it’s not enough to live on just that alone.
AUSTIN: While meanwhile, Fantasmo is a vegetarian.
NICK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Right? 
DRE: That’s true.
AUSTIN: That’s an established fact, um. So, hunting wouldn’t, wouldn’t do him any good. 
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Which, again, seems to emphasize the need to be in Auniq.
DRE: Yeah. Well, and I feel like with the— With like everything that happened that Throndir has learned, you know, about his people, he probably feels some sort of tugging to go back and to try and share this knowledge with people.
AUSTIN: Right.
DRE: I mean, who knows if anybody will listen… Um, but he feels, you know, an obligation to, to his home, and to his people and his family.
AUSTIN: Uh, I—
ART: When is the— when is the appropriate time to bring up the, the, the stated danger of us being tortured to death by these elves?
AUSTIN: That’s a good question.
DRE: Yeah, well, I— We— we ended the last session with, with Throndir saying like, “I wanna tell you why I left.”
ART: Sure.
AUSTIN: Okay, so.
DRE: Um…
AUSTIN: Um, there is one other thing I just remembered. Uh, can you guys give me 5 minutes? Keith, you’re gonna need to edit this. This is very early for a break, but I remembered something I promised you all last week that I didn’t deliver on and I— we need to deliver on immediately before we move forward. So give me f—
DRE: S— Is it that loot?
AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s that loot. Gimme— gimme five minutes; Keith, seriously, this is going to need to be reduced. Um… and it might be less than five minutes; I’m very good at this. But, still. Alright.
ART: What, you mean, like, are we starting in like five minutes and then you’re telling us like… go… take a…
AUSTIN: I’m just saying like, yeah, can we take a five minute break really quick.
NICK: Yeah.
DRE: Yeah, sure.
AUSTIN: 6:15— 6:17— s— at whatever-seventeen be back.
ART: Right, add 5 to the current minutes it says on your clock.
AUSTIN: Right. Exactly.
NICK: I’m gonna hit the restroom quick, then.
AUSTIN: Sorry, sorry.
AUSTIN: Uh, and you can find me at austin_walker, uh, the calcutec on clockwork worlds— clockw— er… man! I’m all over the place today!
AUSTIN: It’s been a long week, guys. You can find me on Twitter @austin_walker, thecalcut—tech, man!— thecalcutec on Twitch, and at clockworkworlds.com. Uh…
DRE: There you go.
AUSTIN: I’m gettin’ there. I have to like get all these…
ART: I like how we’ve— we’ve all just stopped pretending that Keith will cut out our mistakes.
AUSTIN: Keith isn’t gonna cut, I’m not gonna redo.
ART: You didn’t redo it, you didn’t ask for it to be cut, you’re just like—
AUSTIN: Well, it’s here now.
ART: Well, it’s out there forever.
AUSTIN: Keith is gonna love this. So, last session, one of the things I said, I don’t remember if this was on the recording or not— but, uh, I realized that I owed you loot. From defeating the word-eater who had, taken the form of Kindrali. Uh… Because that was uh, y’know, even though you didn’t beat him in combat, like, that was definitely defeating uh, a major foe. Uh.
ART: Gimme the loot, gimme the loot.
AUSTIN: So, Throndir, you received—
ART: Yeah.
AUSTIN: That’s not you!
ART: Oh, right. Whatever, they’re all me.
DRE: Yeah. Simme— simmer down.
AUSTIN: Throndir—
ART: I wait ‘til they’re sleeping; I don’t sleep; I get all the loot; run away.
AUSTIN: Throndir, you receive ah, a small quiver of, of arrows. Um. These look like something that— that, uh, were handmade by the form of Kindrali. Um, or not Kindrali, but the form of the word-eater who had tak— who had taken Kindrali’s form. Uh—
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: And what they do is, and maybe this is the first thing that Kindrali’s vision shows you, uh, is that, on a hit, they let you, uh, they let you perform— ask the questions from Discern Realities, except of the person who was hit. Uh, they’re also magical arrows, which means like, they g— they get hit, and then they kinda like vanish into that—remember the, the kind of blue sparks, the kind of blue, or like embers that the— all of the word-eaters turned into when you defeated them?
NICK: Mmhmm…
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: So, so, that’s what they do. So if you, if you hit someone with them, they’ll, one-- uh, it doesn’t do damage. Like, they feel like, kind of like a— a brief pressure, as if— as if being like pushed on. And then you can ask the questi— you know, three of the questions from the Discern Realities list.
But from their perspective, so it’s what they would s— how they would see the world, kind of. Uh, and you’ve three of them. Or you’ve, you have ammo 3, which doesn’t mean that you only have three of them, it means that’s kind of the abstract ammo system; we’ve talked about this before.
DRE: Yep.
AUSTIN: Uh, so write that down. Uh…
DRE: What’s the weight on that? One?
AUSTIN: One, yeah. Great Fantasmo? You received the Book of Names.
NICK: Ooooh!
AUSTIN: Um. Once per session, you get a +1 on Spout Lore as if it were a bag of books. Ah, and y— that recharges each session. Um, I don’t know what this looks like. I don’t know if this is like literally you open the book and… new names, new words come to the forefront? Uh… but once you u— once you refer to it, they go away? Or if it’s— or if it’s more abstract that that; just a matter of— of pure game mechanics? But I kind of like the mechanics being— being narrative, too, you know?
NICK: Sure.
AUSTIN: I kind of like this idea of like once every… Every once in a while, you can go into that book and something important comes out. So, so, again, kind of a +1 on Spout Lore um, the way a bag of books works, except you don’t lose it. It doesn’t go away like a book from the bag of books does. Um...
NICK: Did we... did I get that by— from a drop off of the Janine of Hawkins? 
AUSTIN: Right, yes. You got, you got Janine Hawkins’ Book of Names. Exactly. And Art. I think while you were leaving— yeah. What’s up? I know that laugh!
ART: Uh, I wish I had— I wish I had also said yes when you said “Great Fantasmo,” and then I like that you said Art instead of Hadrian because you knew that I clearly don’t know my character’s name.
AUSTIN: That’s correct. Uh— While Hadrian was leaving— Hadrian is your character, Art. Tebbel. Arthur Tebbel.
ART: I know that?
AUSTIN: Y— You know th— okay. Uh...
DRE: God…
AUSTIN: On the way out, in the mess— you remember, in the corner of the, the kind of lair that you were in, there was that kind of bone pit?
ART: Yeah…
AUSTIN: Ye— Okay. Uh, while you were leaving, Kodiak, Throndir’s dog, runs up to you with something in his mouth. And, uh, upon closer inspection, um, it was a very strange arm. Uh, it— First, you thought it was just like a piece of metal? Thought it was like, a piece of armor? And then you realized that, like, the armor was filled in with a metallic or a stone substance.
ART: Mmm.
AUSTIN: Um, I think a stone substance—I think it’s like marble in there—broken off, like as if ripped from a statue. But inside of uh metal, metal armor. And you recognize that it is missing the ring finger. The gauntlet on it is missing the ring finger. Uh, and there is a holy symbol, just like yours.
ART: Hey!
AUSTIN: Um, this doesn’t do anything. It’s very valuable; you know people want to see this. You know you should bring this home. It’s a little— it’s, it’s heavy; it’s two weight, uh, by itself.
ART: Sure. Uh-huh.
AUSTIN: Um, maybe it’s more. But let’s say two weight. Ah…
ART: Okay. I’m, still doing fine.
AUSTIN: Okay. Um. But— eh, let’s make it three weight. It’s— it’s a big marble arm in, in plate metal armor… you know?
ART: Sure.
AUSTIN: Like, that’s… um...
DRE: Man, Kodiak’s got a strong mouth.
AUSTIN: Kodiak is a, is a strong boy; he’s part of the strong boys gang. So, um...
DRE Uh, I’m gonna take part of Kodiak finder’s fee, uh... on that...
ART: Okay.
AUSTIN: Uh, when you—
DRE, putting on a tough guy voice: Hey, my dog; h-he takes 20%, takes 20%!
AUSTIN: For a brief moment, when you take it out of Kodiak’s mouth, you swear you can, you can feel muscles tensing in the arm.
ART: ...Great.
AUSTIN: It’s pretty good. 
ART: Yeah, I hope it doesn’t like just strangle us all in our sleep. Uh, y-- y-- y’all are dead, the arm did it. Roll new characters.
AUSTIN: So, what are you doing? Again, faced with Auniq in front of you. And, and as you were asking, when would be a good time to talk about that— that thing about torture?
DRE: Prob— probably now. Probably now.
AUSTIN: ‘Kay; go ahead!
DRE: Okay. Um…
AUSTIN: I mean, th-this should be a question that, that, uh, Fantasmo or Hadrian puts forward, right? Um—
ART: Well, Throndir was gonna— was gonna tell us something first.
AUSTIN: Oh, oh. Okay.
ART: You know, it’s not like, “I’m gonna tell you this.” “Shut up: torture.” Like that’s, that’s rude.
AUSTIN: Okay, sounds good.
FANTASMO: My dear boy—
DRE: So glad you have your manners. 
FANTASMO: —I believe it is time for you to discuss this torture that you spoke of.
THRONDIR: Well, I didn’t— It was, uh, it was Mee Kosh, but um… So you all know, um—
DRE: I’m speaking from Throndir’s point of view, now.
THRONDIR: You all know that, um, you know, I’m, I’m part goblin and I guess that’s, that’s why we live longer, but we weren’t sure—the people in my village weren’t sure—why some of us were living longer than others and some of them desperately wanted to know. Um… And then people began disappearing. Um. It was slow, we… you know, one person would go missing, you know, maybe once a month and we just assumed it was, it was a hunting accident. I mean, it’s not common, but it happens, living out here, but… um...
One night, I came upon some of our village elders and they had— well, they were, they were— they were just— they were cutting someone up, just— just to see what was, what was inside of them and… I think that’s where everyone was disappearing. I think they were experimenting on us and...
...trying to figure out what about us was different. So that’s, that’s what Mee Kosh was saying when he said his— the torture thing. They don’t— they wouldn’t do it to you. They would not do it to you; they don’t care about you. But… Me, on the other hand… And that’s why I left.
HADRIAN: Sure. Alright—
AUSTIN: Did we discuss how old Fantasmo is?
DRE: Yeah, that’s a good question.
ART: It did come up- I think it came up during the first session.
AUSTIN: Mmhmm.
NICK: I think it came up— It came up in the last session, too, like he…
AUSTIN: Mhm.
NICK: Um, y’know, I, through Fantasmo, mentioned that he had been— he’s at least over a hundred years old.
AUSTIN: Right. Uh, but he’s aged, right? Like, that was part of the thing was he looks like an old elf, despite quote, “only" being a hundred, or something. Um.
NICK: Right. No, he is— He is old, yeah.
AUSTIN: Okay, okay.
NICK: Uh, I mean, old for current elves, I mean.
AUSTIN: I just wanted to confirm that. Right, that’s what I mean.
NICK and AUSTIN: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Yeah, okay... Um. Yes?
ART: I— I just had a flash of where this game would go if it were an old World of Darkness game, which is that somewhere there are still immortal elves controlling everything—
AUSTIN: Right.
ART: —and we’ll never, we’ll never do anything but dream to be a tenth as powerful as they are.
AUSTIN: World of Darkness, man, World of Darkness. Uh, I hear they released a new book that’s really good. Or, the game part of it I heard wasn’t very good, but like some of the narrative stuff was cool. Anyway! Uh… 
HADRIAN: But— but we, we have to go there, that’s our only chance at— at survival, yes?
THRONDIR: Yeah. Yeah, probably.
HADRIAN: We can be careful—
AUSTIN: I wanna be clear that I— that I’m not railroading you guys into this.
DRE: No, I know.
AUSTIN: Okay, I wanna make sure that’s clear, like: this is news to me. Going to Auniq is news to me; I wanna roll with it, I’m excited, but I, I hope this isn’t coming across like, “Well, Austin wants us to go to Auniq.”
ART: I mean… We could— we could discuss other ways to not starve to death, but…
AUSTIN: Right, I just wanted to make sure that we… that, ‘kay, that’s it.
NICK: I mean, aren’t we gonna be—
ART: Or, or, or: we could all go finish this and when we’re close to unraveling the mystery, I could run into the hallway and put my fingers in my ears, so I won’t know… and then I still won’t need to eat and I can try to save the rest of you guys.
AUSTIN: That...
NICK: Hmm...
DRE: Let’s not do that.
NICK: I’m not sure...
AUSTIN: Samothes— Samothes into those sorts of loopholes? Is that what—
ART: Like— like all religions, it’s all about the careful loopholes t-to really get under the, the, the bar of that, that omniscient deity.
DRE: Oh, boy.
NICK: I mean, maybe Samothes has some sort of, uh, indulgence that you can purchase to uh—
DRE: ‘S got a grace period! What’s the warranty on this— on this holy crusade, huh?
ART: It’s real bad; I— I shoulda gotten the protection plan. Anyway.
DRE: Uh, and I think, y’know, to your point about railroading, Austin, I think with these new arrows that Throndir has, he very much has in mind someone that he would love to put one of these arrows in.
AUSTIN: Y-yeah? Who?
DRE: Uh, probably one of the elders that he saw performing these experiments on people.
AUSTIN: Okay. Does he make that desire known at this point?
DRE: Yeah, I think so. I think he trusts, he trusts Hadrian and Fantasmo enough.
HADRIAN: I—
AUSTIN: Alright!
HADRIAN: I guess I— I’m— I struggle to see… No, I guess, I guess this is fine. I— I don’t wanna— us to get bogged down in a— in a journey of, of revenge—Samothes, of course, does not teach that that is the, the correct path—but I’m not— I’m not a hunter. I’m not a gatherer. Without— without the help of these people, we’re, gonna starve.
THRONDIR: Yeah. I mean, I could hunt for us, I could get us food, but it would not be food that Fantasmo would be very happy eating.
HADRIAN: Well, you— you probably also know what plants aren’t poisonous, right?
THRONDIR: Yeah, but the closer we get to the Erasure, I’m willing to bet that they get fewer and fewer.
HADRIAN: Oh, yeah. Most edible plants aren’t— aren’t evergreen, huh?
AUSTIN: Alright, uh so you start making your way, like, like you guys are going in the front door, so to speak?
DRE: Yup.
ART: Uh, wait, really?
DRE: I—
ART: Do we have a— is there a map that I’m missing here— do we have a— do we have a—
AUSTIN: No. There is not a map here.
ART: Um…
AUSTIN: I thought about drawing one, and then decided that like, no, you don’t— there’s no map, you don’t have a map of this place.
ART: Well like, how ‘bout just like, we’re— we’re at the question mark?
AUSTIN: You’re at the question mark, yeah.
ART: Okay.
AUSTIN: You’re at the point at which, you're like, on the border of where the space resists mapping. 	
ART: Right.
AUSTIN: Um, I can like, I mean— eh, you know, I, I can-
ART: No, that’s fine—
AUSTIN: -imag— I kind of picture it as being, like, right now when you’re making these decisions you’re on a kind of, uh, a kind of low hill, looking at Auniq in the distance. Um, with the tower behind it, and just woods in every other direction. Again, some mountains to your south, like low low low mountains. But, but that’s about it. All ice, all snow.
NICK: If— if we’re worried about if we’re worried about Auniq, why don’t we try g— I mean, is it a long distance around Auniq to the tower?
AUSTIN: It’s a couple of— It would add like, two days to the, to the thing. The thing that people seem to be worried about is food. That—
NICK: Right. No, I understand that, but I mean, I was going to say, like, we probably all have enough food to at least get to the tower? So we can go to the tower, fulfill our objective, and then see if we need to swing by Auniq before we leave.
Right? No?
ART: I mean, probably? Maybe?
DRE: Yeah. But I mean, maybe we could find out something about the tower, too, from the elders of the village.
NICK: Yeah. That’s true too.
ART: I’m, I’m wary of a situation where we end up having to, you know, do a three person siege on an elven city.
DRE: I really— I think if it came down to it, they would take Throndir but they would not be interested in taking you all.
ART: Well that’s not— we’re not, that’s not, we’re not doing that. We’re not gonna leave you— I mean, yeah, that might not be what they’re interested in, but they’re gonna take, they’re gonna take all of us or they’re not gonna take any of us, that’s—
DRE: I mean, the other thing, and Throndir voices this, like, they know we’re here, someone’s probably— multiple someones are probably watching us right now. We either go on our terms or we might end up being taken there on their terms.
FANTASMO: Gentlemen. May I remind you that you are in the presence of the slayer of the Word Eater. Surely—
AUSTIN: Oh boy.
ART: Oh boy.
FANTASMO: Surely these people will have some respect for a wizard as fantastic as I.
ART: I’m really enthusiastic to see this plan now.
FANTASMO: They are elves, after all, even— partially. Tainted thusly—
DRE: WOAH.
AUSTIN: …Mmmmm.
FANTASMO: —the goblin blood, but—
DRE: Hold on, let me change my bond with Fantasmo—
ART: Oh.
AUSTIN: Oh, brother.
DRE: I can see, uh, the word eater taking that pride from Fantasmo has really done a lot for his character. 
NICK: Oh—
AUSTIN: I only took a little bit. He only lost a little bit of pride. He didn’t lose it all. There are a lot of synonyms for pride that he still has. 
NICK: Yeah, yeah. Like this isn’t pride, this is just arrogance. 
AUSTIN: Right. Exactly.
NICK: Like—
AUSTIN: Alright!
HADRIAN: Yeah no, I think— I think this is, I think, that Fantasmo might be right—
FANTASMO: Surely, being elven, they have a respect for— they still have an innate respect for magic.
THRONDIR: Uh… not quite.
HADRIAN: But surely Fantasmo must have some point here, they must be thankful that we’ve vanquished the evil that terrorized their land, they can’t—
THRONDIR: I mean, I grew up here and I had no idea word eaters existed until, until Mee Kosh told us. I— I have no idea what has… I’m sure someone knows. I’m sure someone knew.
HADRIAN: Well they’ll be— they’ll be especially grateful that we’ve solved— we’ve solved a problem they didn’t even know they had.
THRONDIR: Yeah, maybe. Or didn’t have a word for. Hey, maybe the word eater ate their word for word eater, and that’s how they didn’t know it was the problem. 
THRONDIR: Yeah.
DRE: I mean I— Throndir is very unsure of what his people will be like with the word eater’s spell kind of like, lifted.
ART: Did it do that? Did it uneat the words that were gone? I mean I know it did for us, but we were right there, I don’t know how this—
DRE: Yeah I don’t— listen, I don’t know how word eaters work. I have no idea.
HADRIAN: I’m— I’m s— I really want to see, I need to see what’s happening.
AUSTIN: Okay.
ART: I wanna see Fantasmo roll in there and be like, “I’m your hero”—
AUSTIN: Well, we’re gonna roll in! You guys start, head down the hill, across the, the pines, through the pines, towards the large wooden wall that separates Auniq from the rest of the arctic... pinelands. Um, I’m guessing there’s a kind of a door with a tower, is that like, a gate with a tower? Does that seem right, Throndir?
DRE: Yeah, I think so.
AUSTIN: Okay. Um,
One of— I think actually, as you’re approaching, like you don’t get to the— you don’t get to the gate, you get kind of, you know, five minutes away from the gate when suddenly, the sound of bows being drawn is heard and from behind one tree, a… a snow elf in, kind of um, bright, almost white, almost white leather and steel armor slides from behind one of these trees and into your vision, and draws a long, sharp, straight blade. Um.
SNOW ELF: Halt.
AUSTIN: You recognize him, Throndir. This is uh, Belador. He holds the rank of Talon, which is high up in the, uh, kind of small militia that Auniq keeps. He sighs.
BELADOR: Throndir, we— didn’t expect to see you again.
THRONDIR: I didn’t expect to be back, but. The best laid plans, huh.
AUSTIN: He’s— kind of… I think he’s trying to gauge your intentions, you can kind of see that in his eyes. Um. He has… uh, kind of, short pulled back black hair and pale eyes. Given the fact that the snow elves are pale, this dude has a little bit of color to his skin. He’s definitely, like you, came up as a hunter, out and about, exploring this area, getting a little bit more of a tan than the people— I, I guess there’s nothing saying that snow places can’t, can’t get tans, right?
NICK: Actually, they—
DRE): Yeah, I mean still have sun, man.
AUSTIN: Yeah, cause all that light gets reflected, right?
NICK: Right. Yeah.
AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. It seems like, I think that’s how I’m kind of picturing this dude.
BELADOR: They’ll want you, you know.
THRONDIR: I know.
AUSTIN: He shakes his head.
BELADOR: Come with me.
AUSTIN: The other snow elves kind of move in, with their bows drawn pointed at you. Uh, and then one of them approaches Throndir with some rope and twine. And gestures for you to put your hands out. Um.
THRONDIR: We’re not here to fight. Is this really necessary?
BELADOR: Yes. You are a criminal. You have betrayed us.
HADRIAN: Wait wait wait we are… we are heroes of this land. You don’t understand.
FANTASMO: I am the slayer of the word eater. I will have you unhand me.
AUSTIN: He gestures, and they move away from you and towards Throndir.
BELADOR: The two of you can come in as prisoners or not at all. Throndir is coming as a prisoner whether he wants it or not.
FANTASMO: Now, wait a minute. This young elf is under my protection.
AUSTIN: He looks at his, his people, with a smirk.
BELADOR: Who are you?
HADRIAN: Oh, no.
FANTASMO: I am the Great Fantasmo, former head of the Re—
BELADOR: Your mother name you that, or?
FANTASMO: Mmmmm. Ucgh.
AUSTIN: Yeah— okay.
DRE: Fantasmo, I don’t want to say “I told you so,” but. 
THRONDIR: Look. Belador, you know me. I don’t know what they said about me, but I know that you know it’s not true.
AUSTIN: Hm.
BELADOR: It doesn’t matter what you say, or what they say, I have my duty. Now come with me, or I’ll have to hurt you and your friends. And you know I’m capable of that.
ART: How many of them are there?
AUSTIN: You know he is capable of that.— You see four. You see him and four others. Uh, uh, Throndir knows that there are more. This close to the gate? Um, here’s what you know.
Throndir, you know that these groups move in groups of eight. There is a Talon, and then four Feathers and three Beaks. Those are like, the ranks in these like, militia wings.
ART: Euuhh, wings.
DRE: Euh.
ART: Euh.
HADRIAN: Look. We just did these lands a great service, and all me and my dutifully deputized companions need are some simple travelling supplies. If you could just kindly supply us, we can all move on, with our days, and nothing, nothing bad has to happen here.
AUSTIN: He laughs and shakes his head.
BELADOR: Here are the negotiations. This is what, this is— I’m saying, you can come with us as a prisoner, and you’re saying you want the things we have. This is bad, is what this is. You are bad at this. Make your choice, you two; Throndir, raise your hands, and you will be tied, and brought to the elders. There isn’t a choice here.
HADRIAN: I think there’s a choice here. Um—
FANTASMO: Look here, you backwards buffoons— 
HADRIAN: There we go
BELADOR: If you raise your voice again you will be shot.
THRONDIR: Fantasmo, it’s not— it’s not worth it.
DRE: And he puts his arms out.
BELADOR: Throndir, shut up.
AUSTIN: They start to tie Throndir.
BELADOR: You two have five seconds to make your choice. Hands up or leave.
NICK: Fantasmo is gonna cast Magic Missile, at, uh, Mr. Thorny Man.
AUSTIN: Okay. Go ahead. This is, uh, Belador, is his name.
NICK: Belador. Yeah.
AUSTIN: Talon Belador.
NICK: Talon. 
AUSTIN: Yes. Uh, Talon is his rank, so, so Belador is fine.
ART: Let’s watch this roll.
DRE: Can I… I guess it depends on the roll… Can Fantasmo, er, can Throndir do anything to like, jump in front of Belador?
AUSTIN: I, do—
DRE: To block those missiles?
AUSTIN: Uh, no. There’s—
ART: Traditionally that’s not how Magic Missile works, but I don’t know how it works here.
AUSTIN: Yeah, it’s not— Magic Missile is a heat seeking, like, it has a target. Um. I guess like if you surrounded him with people though, of course it would hit you and not him, right— that seems silly. But no. Especially not with a— not with a roll like six. Um. 
It’s quick. Uh… You— You’ve, I don’t think you’ve seen a person move this quickly before. Like a, like a humanoid. You’ve probably seen monsters and creatures move like this, like birds, or, or fast land animals, but Belador rolls under your Magic Missile, which slams into the snow behind him as he stands up, kind of, it billows up behind him. Um, and… where is this, uh… this is, this is gonna seem high for a second, but it’s because of a weird thing. Okay. You take… ten damage. This is— his sword is the best of two d8, so it’s one of those two d8, but he rolled two 8’s. I just wanna be clear that that couldn’t have been a better roll. So you take ten damage as he pops back up, the snow billowing behind him, and slams his sword into you, and pulls it back out, Fantasmo.
BELADOR: Kill them.
AUSTIN: What do you do?
ART: I hit him. I hit him with my, my halberd.
AUSTIN: Go for it.
ART: Uh, as hard as I can.
DRE: Oh boy.
AUSTIN: That’s a hit.
ART: That is. Um, and then it’s this plus one. Or plus, uh this plus a d4. So that, that’s not good.
AUSTIN: That’s not great.
ART: Um, plus…
AUSTIN: What’s the d4 from?
ART: Uh, I get one d4 to atta— to damage when I’m on a quest.
AUSTIN: Oh. Nice.
NICK: Uh—
ART: That helped, and then plus one, so seven.
AUSTIN: Okay.
NICK: Were we at… full HP at the beginning of this? Or whatever we were at before?
AUSTIN: No. You were at— Where were you at— what you were at before. Um.
NICK: Okay so. I am down. I am at zero hit points.
AUSTIN: Uh, where were you at before?
NICK: Eight?
AUSTIN: I’m trying to remember did you rest in between the two, um, things.
DRE: Um, we got back to Mee Kosh’s place, we took him all the armor.
NICK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Right. You did take him all that stuff. So yeah, go ahead and— everyone should have rested once, which is uh, I think, you get back… from a rest you get back some amount of, of, something. Uh… Make Camp, uh, here we go. You… half your max HP, is what you get back.
NICK: Rounded up or down?
AUSTIN: I always say rounded up, so you get back seven.
NICK: Okay. Alright. I’m—
AUSTIN: You’re still in a bad place. 
NICK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: You’re still at three, three, now. You… cut into, into Talon’s armor, and you feel that you hit, you definitely hit flesh, Hadrian, but he turns, and looks you in the eye, y’know. His, stare is one that is, uh, there’s a promise in the look he gives you. The arrows start-
ART: Probably a bad, bad promise.
AUSTIN: -flinging down on you from the unseen places. You should roll… you, meaning, whoever goes next, should roll Defy Danger DEX, or some other sort of Defy Danger, or take the hit. And, and before you do anything else at this point, Defy Danger, you’ll have to Defy Danger, this is kind of everyone at this point.
ART: Sure.
NICK: I got hit with arrows.
AUSTIN: What are you doing? What are you— yeah.
ART: Oh, no.
DRE: Oh, boy.
NICK: Uh, I guess I’m just trying to run away from the r— like out of the area of effect?
AUSTIN: Okay.
DRE: ’kay.
AUSTIN: I mean, what was your action going to be? ’Cause what I was basically saying was, to do an action, you have to, roll Defy Danger.
NICK: Uh…
AUSTIN: Like, retreating is like, I mean, that would be your action, you know what I mean?
NICK: Yeah. No, that was my action.
DRE: Mhm.
AUSTIN: At which point, at which point, like whatever, you run away, they’re gonna keep firing at the center, where Hadrian and Throndir are.
NICK: Sure. Well, yeah.
AUSTIN: Alright so, at this point Fantasmo is high-tailing it away, as the ar— under, under threat of arrow fire…
ART: Suuuure.
AUSTIN: Back towards the hill and stuff, I’m guessing?
NICK: Yeah. I mean, so, am I getting hit? Like, what—
AUSTIN: I’m saying, I’m saying I wanna deal with whoever is doing something that is a, either a combatative action, or using a move. Do you know I mean? Um, I guess, I can treat this as Defy Danger and you can take this damage. If you want that to be the thing we do here .
NICK: No I— yeah, I mean, yeah, I was just, I wanted clarification either way, I didn’t—
AUSTIN: I I— Yeah, sorry. Right now, you’re not taking damage, like fleeing isn’t the thing— remember, they didn’t want you. They were saying you can either flee, or you can come in as a prisoner.
NICK: Oh. Yeah.
AUSTIN: Originally, right? So now you’re fleeing— that doesn’t mean they’re done with you, necessarily, but, but, when they have two able-bodied characters— or, y’know, enemies in front of them, they… they’re gonna deal with those first.
So, what about Throndir, what are you doing?
DRE: Oh, Christ.
AUSTIN: Remember, you were in the process of being tied up.
DRE: Yeah, yeah. Um… I mean, I think Throndir knows there is no way to win, quote on quote “win” this fight. Like, it’s just gonna go bad. Um… Uhhhh. I’m trying to think of what he can say or do to try and get us out of this mess or at least… keep us in this mess and keep us alive in this mess. Um.
God, I think his only shot is trying to appeal to Belador, who’s controlling all of this mess.
AUSTIN: What are you doing?
DRE: Umm. Hmmmmm.
AUSTIN: I guess, let’s— let’s paint this picture in moments, again, I just wanna paint this picture in seconds. Because that’s what’s happened here, it’s been a matter of seconds. It’s been... ten seconds since this started, right? It’s… you’re being tied up, Fantasmo says like, “Unhand him,” basically, Magic Missiles just barely miss, Belador stabs Fantasmo in the gut, pulls back, and then almost instantaneously Hadrian steps in and cuts deep into the upper shoulder of Belador, drawing blood and causing pain. This is, and then, mo— and then the arrows start to come in, they just barely miss Fantasmo as he starts to flee, at this point y’know, you’re doing your best to seek, seek some sort of cover, like you’re not getting hit with them right this second, but whatever you do, first you’re gonna need to get to a safe spot if you’re doing something besides— actually, Throndir has to— has to do Defy Danger no matter what he does, um, whereas, whereas, Fantasmo and Hadrian, if they’re fleeing, can just flee, because they don’t give a fuck about you.
DRE: Um… Goddamn.
NICK: I’m sorry.
DRE: God, Fantasmo, why did you shoot missiles at these people!? Uh—
NICK: I mean, me as the player, like Nick, I am sorry,
DRE: Nononono—
NICK: Fantasmo still thinks he did the right thing here.
AUSTIN: Yeah, of course, of course.
NICK: Even as he’s running away—
DRE: It’s the perfect move for Fantasmo. Bleeding profusely from his gut.
NICK: Yeah.
DRE: Um.
ART: So, so Fantasmo’s safe? Ish?
AUSTIN: He’s fleeing. Uh— it depends on how this shakes out.
ART: Alright. I don’t want to preempt Throndir, but I have a plan of action.
AUSTIN: If Throndir doesn’t have a thing, or if Throndir’s trying to collect his thoughts, then we should go with your plan of action. D’you know what I mean, like, that’s—
ART: I would like to Discern Reality.
AUSTIN: Um… you’ll have to Defy Danger, and— so what does Discern Realities look like for you here, what are you doing to Discern Realities?
ART: I— I’m trying to, to draw on my experience as, a weapon of war.
AUSTIN: Okay. Um, w—
ART: I’m trying to figure out, cause what I said when we walked up here was like, we can’t— the three of us— two of us can’t siege this city.
AUSTIN: Right. Give me a,
ART: And I’m trying to figure out if that’s— if I’ve gotten to a point where like, that’s it, right. Even if I keep fighting, I kill all of the people I can see, is it that I have to kill everyone in this city?
AUSTIN: So then, give me a Defy Danger. How are you—
ART: Dexterity.
AUSTIN: Uh, dexterity if you’re trying to get out of the way, right? Um.
ART: Sure.
AUSTIN: CON, if you’re trying to like, take these hits and deal with it and still perform your action successfully, y’know?
ART: Sure.
AUSTIN: But you’ll take that damage, it just means you’ll be also able to Discern Realities.
ART: Um,— right. Yeah, I guess CON is most—
AUSTIN: Yeah.
ART: Cause like dodging and then like, figuring shit out, that doesn’t make sense. To me.
AUSTIN: I— I think it kind of makes sense, like if you’re dodging behind a nearby rock or tree and then like, okay, okay, okay. Let me peek out— like what’s the situation here.
ART: Alright. That makes sense.
AUSTIN: That makes sense to me. I can picture that in cinematically in my head, with Hadrian like, getting behind cover.
ART: Alright, I’ll try that. I’ll try to get behind a, let’s say, tree.
AUSTIN: Sounds good.
ART: Oh, I fucked up. Fucked up real bad.
AUSTIN: Okay. Uh. Christ.
ART: Took an XP though.
AUSTIN: Yeah— uh, yeah. Nick, make sure you take an XP. Take, uh, one damage, Hadrian. Armor piercing one, but I think you have two, right.
ART: I have two armor.
AUSTIN: Yeah, so, so. The arrows clink off of you as you dodge behind cover. Go ahead and give me your Discern Realities.
ART: Alright.
AUSTIN: And then we’re going to go to Throndir, because otherwise, at this point Throndir either needs to have to do something or get hit, y’know.
ART: Alright, I got a nine.
AUSTIN: Okay, on a seven to nine, Discern Realities, uh, you get to ask one of the questions. What question are you asking?
ART: I think like, like given what I’m looking for, I wanna know what is about to happen.
AUSTIN: I think at this point, you know that the, capture of Throndir is imminent and necessary. Everything else can be negotiated. Your death— like, death can be negotiated, death can be stopped. What’s going to happen? Is they’re going to bring Throndir to these elders.
ART: I surrender.
AUSTIN: You like, drop your weapon?
ART: I drop my weapon, and I put my hands up.
AUSTIN: Okay.
ART: I’ll go with Throndir, my place is to protect the people I’m with, Fantasmo appears to be safe, Throndir’s in danger, I’m gonna go.
AUSTIN: Okay. You drop your weapon, the— Throndir, what are you doing, how are you acting?
DRE: Uh, I mean if I see… if Fantasmo is getting away relatively safe, albeit bleeding a lot , um—
AUSTIN: Yeah, the blood is in the snow, for sure.
DRE: Yeah, and Hadrian has surrendered, I mean, I don’t need to do any kind of action. I think the only thing that— he would just continue to plead with Belador to not hurt his friends, and I’m trying to think of what sort of, any kind of leverage that Throndir would have to give him to stop, and the only thing I can think of is that power.
AUSTIN: Yeah, I don’t think you have anything he wants, man.
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Yeah— you. You are the thing he wants, y’know? Um, it— that’s one way you could negotiate this. You could totally say— I mean, this is the thing, he’s already offering you to let them go. If you went with him. That was on the table already. Now, I think he’s— he holds up his hand and the arrows stop, and he gestures toward both you, to you, Throndir, and to Hadrian.
BELADOR: Tie them up. Bring them in immediately. Let the old elf die in the snow alone.
AUSTIN: Um,
ART: I sure hope that doesn’t happen.
NICK: Me, too.
AUSTIN: They— Throndir, take uh, three damage, they give you just a nice little knee in the gut and shove you into the snow before tying you up. One of them, hm. Yeah, one of them takes your halberd, Hadrian, ties you up, and they start leading you guys, you two away into the— into Auniq.
NICK: Uh—
AUSTIN: Uh, Fantasmo, you’re at some distance and you can see this happening, I think, probably also from behind a tree or a rock?
NICK: Yeah. I am going to—
AUSTIN: Bleeding is bad.
NICK: Yeah. Hmm.
AUSTIN: Like this system doesn’t have any sort of like, automatic penalty for being low on HP, d’you know what I mean, that isn’t the way Dungeon World works, or actually ’cause it’s not the way D&D works, um, but. I will say that if you don’t get this taken care of in the next day, you’ll start to take debilities. You’ll start to like, become weak, and shaky, and sick, you know, like, that’s, I’ll, will begin to pile those things on. Um.
But you know, you’ve had a long life, and you know how to at least, like, keep yourself from bleeding out. 
NICK: Yeah. Um, and I assume there’s like, something I can bandage myself with in the adventurer’s kit, stuff like that. Uh—
AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah. Again, like, not to get HP back, but to—
NICK: Right, yeah, but to-
AUSTIN: prevent you from—
NICK: keep my guts from falling out.
AUSTIN: Exactly.
NICK: Uh—
ART: I mean, I don’t intend to be a prisoner forever, and I can heal you when I finish here.
NICK: Okay. Well, um. I am going to, uh, I’m gonna cast invisibility, or at least try to, hopefully I roll better than I did next time! 11. Okay, yeah.
DRE: Yay…
NICK: I’m invisible, so I’m going to try to… uh, follow them through the gate if I can.
AUSTIN: Okay. You can totally do that.
NICK: Okay.
AUSTIN: Um, I think as, as Throndir was explaining before, as you pass through the gate, uh, first of all as you pass through the gate, you get glares from the people working the tower, and then from some of the people working the fields— what fields there are here. What sort of thing grows in a climate like this? And like, we can be ridiculous and magical, but what’s it— what is it?
DRE: I would say probably a lot of things that like, grow under the ground. Like potatoes, carrots, all those kind of like tubers and stuff like that.
AUSTIN: Alright. So like, lots of people kneeled, and bent over, checking on crops, and maybe planting some new stuff, um. Maybe it’s, maybe it’s harvest season to some degree, like maybe people are harvesting a bunch of like, sweet potatoes right now. Um, and, some of them give you looks, one elf waves her child, her children back inside to like, their little farm house. And, you’re kind of paraded down the main path towards the center of Auniq. These buildings are all, are all made of this kind of pine wood, um. I’m picturing some of it, though, as— I don’t know from woods. Um. What— what’s some, what’s the wood I’m thinking of. Like birch, is actually what I’m kind of thinking of, that, that type of coloring, that like white and black, coloring? You know I’m talking about?
NICK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: In, in trees? That sort of coloring, a lot of the buildings have, mixed in with a more traditional dark brown. There is some, some mixing of color here.
NICK: That fits because birch trees tend to grow in northern climates, actually.
AUSTIN: Okay. I, I’m— totally—
NICK: There would probably be a lot of birch and pine and firs.
AUSTIN: Okay. Sure. Uh. So, man. How long ago did you leave, like two years ago? Throndir?
DRE: Yeah, I guess so.
AUSTIN: Okay. Um, things are… things— the space seems mostly the same. Like, there haven’t been many major changes, there aren’t like, all of the things that you thought were there are still there. This isn’t one of those trips home where everything has changed. Um, but to some degree, that makes it even more… weird for you, right, because it’s as if you never left at all; it’s as if your leaving, despite it being this huge deal because no one ever leaves, um, it’s as if it didn’t even matter.
And, it’s also like, it’s weird being back in the normal part of town. You know, you grew up playing here. And, you can’t see it as a fun place anymore. I think that, I’m kind of picturing there being a town center with something in the middle. Probably not a fountain , um, maybe a tree? Maybe like a single tree in the middle. This is, this is the space that Kindrali talked about where the great divide between the goblins and the elves happened. Like this is where those debates were held, about the future of their civili— of Auniq.
Fantasmo, it’s weird seeing all of these elves working. Like, doing manual labor, and lots of it. Like, it’s weird seeing anyone work this hard, to live. And they’re doing as if it’s no big deal, right. You know, you’ve seen people work this hard before, but in way nicer climates. So, that— and, you haven’t seen elves.
NICK: I mean, I spent time in Velas. Right, yeah.
AUSTIN: Right, right yeah. It’s, you know, it’s, a nice autumn day in Velas basically all the time, like an early autumn day, I’m kind of picturing it. Whereas here, it’s freezing. And most of these people, ninety, one hundred percent of these people can’t make them, their bodies warmer with magic.
NICK: Right. Yeah.
AUSTIN: And it’s colder here than it was, where you were earlier, ’cause you’re getting closer and closer to the center. So, it’s— even for you, it’s, um, an accomplishment, or maybe you can view it as like, this is uncivilized, I don’t know, I don’t know how you view it, I don’t want to put words in your mouth. Um.
They—
NICK: I think that— I think Fantasmo would definitely have a certain respect, but also, that respect is tempered with questions of why.
AUSTIN: Right. Right.
NICK: I respect their accomplishments here, but why don’t they just leave? y’know, is what he would probably be thinking.
AUSTIN: Right. Alright, so, they take… at a certain point, I think at the town center, they split you into two… um, into two groups, or, I guess not groups, right. Uh, Throndir they begin start taking towards like, the kind of High Hall, where the Council of Elders kind of meet and talk about the future. Um.
Hadrian they begin to take you deeper into the, into the kind of south, southeast, where things again, you can— even in this like, ten minute walk, you feel it getting colder, and colder, and colder. And eventually you reach a stone structure that has no windows. And they pull open, the big stone door, it’s one that grinds against the ground, and lead you inside. There is torch light in here, there are some holes on the roof to let smoke out and air in, and there’s a bit of sunlight through those holes. And as your eyes adjust, you realize that you are in a prison, or a jail. Um. And—
ART: Sure. That makes sense.
AUSTIN: The smell of death is strong here. Um. There are— there’s a hallway to your— as you come in, there’s a hallway to the right that, uh, reeks. And, that— based on the body language of the guards leading you in, is— is a place where they don’t even like to think about. But they turn you left, which is, which is nice. Um, and that’s a long hallway of cells. Inside the cells are, goblins, mostly. Um.
ART: Hm.
AUSTIN: They take you to the kind of far end of this— I’d say that there are, six cells on this floor, and then there is a, uh, staircase kind of right near the front door also that goes up into another level. But they take you to the bottom floor, the far left side, there’s a cell that they shove you into and close the gate. The gate is kind of an iron, um, that they shove closed. A guard spits. Um.
GUARD: Food will be once a day. Your uh, your toilet needs are in the corner there.
HADRIAN: Mm.
GUARD: Once a week we’ll come by with some hot water. You need anything, well, then, I guess you’ll be needin’ somethin’.
ART: Oof. Uh… I, I’m glaring at him.
AUSTIN: Fantasmo, which— when they split, which direction did you go with?
NICK: Um. I went, uh, with Hadrian.
AUSTIN: Okay. Did you go inside this structure?
NICK: It depends, is it obvious from the outside that it’s probably a jail?
AUSTIN: Huhh. I think from the outside it’s even more ominous, because who even knows. It’s so different than any other structure in Auniq. You know it’s a bad— it’s a place where bad things happen. Like, you get that sense. Um, there aren’t like, there’s no like, “oh, this is the jail” sign, and there’s no… like jail-style windows in this place, there are no windows outside. Uh, into— on the wall of the place.
NICK: But I can probably surmise that because this building is ominous and that’s where they’re taking him,—
AUSTIN: Right, but I want to be clear is, you don’t know that, if it’s a jail or something worse.
NICK: Oh, I see, sure.
AUSTIN: Like, see what I mean. You know it’s not a nice thing, but you don’t know where on the bad scale it is. Is this a slaughterhouse? Is this a— you know. It’s hard to know from the outside.
NICK: Hm. Um, yeah, I guess I follow, follow him in then.
AUSTIN: Okay. There are, let’s say three guards at any point in time, kind of patrolling here. One at the front, kind of recessed into the back, I should just map this out for you guys, now that there’s like, a building.
ART: Do the guards, do the guards appear, do all of the guards appear to have keys?
AUSTIN: Uh… there are keys… Okay. I’m going to draw it out for you guys. Sorry podcast listeners, this is maybe—
ART: That’s okay, I’m gonna make really short work of this whole situation.
AUSTIN: Yeah?
ART: Yeah. I’m gonna be out in ten minutes.
AUSTIN: You only do two days, right?
Ah, you should be on a blank page right now, you see that?
ART: Mhm. Yeah, yeah.
AUSTIN: Okay. So, uh, what’s the zoom level I want here. Roll20 is neat, but, sometimes weird.
DRE: As are most handy things on the internet.
AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. Um, and kind of, picturing this going back up this way, and then… uh… there, oop that did not go as far as I wanted it to. So, it’s kind of a long rectangle, horizontally, is what I’m seeing. Man, this is— okay. Get rid of that. Okay. So. Long rectangle horizontally.
On the, left side, which is where they’ve taken you, there are six cells, um. Three on the top side, three on the bottom side, why is this not doing the thing I want it to do,
You guys are seeing this, right? Just want to be clear.
ART: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Okay.
NICK: Yup.
ART: Oh, and did they untie my hands, or are they just like.
AUSTIN: Um, yeah. Yeah, they untied your hands once they threw you in there.
ART: Sure. I mean, that hurts a little bit of my, my mystique coming up, but it’s okay.
AUSTIN: You, right, your—
ART: I’m gonna be out in two seconds.
AUSTIN: Uh- hm. The other thing that they do is— Oh, that’s too many, that’s too many cells. Eh, fuck it, there’s eight cells. There’s eight cells and two of them are empty. Doesn’t have to be one goblin per cell, that’s, that seems silly.
ART: Yeah, what, they didn’t just happen to have the only empty cell.
DRE: Pretty spacious accommodations.
AUSTIN: Right, exactly, that’s really silly. Um. And then over here, on the right— so, so on the right side, it’s a long hallway that leads to a door, on the far right side, and you don’t know what’s beyond that door.
ART: Sure, something worse.
AUSTIN: So— Something worse.
ART: Their, their slaughterhouse.
AUSTIN: Right, and then at the top here, up here, are stairs. I’ll just freehand these stairs real quick. Hot stairs. Aw, these are shitty stairs.
ART: I’m not sure that’s—
AUSTIN: Undo that.
ART: That’s fine.
DRE: You tried real hard, that’s what matters.
AUSTIN: But— No, that’s even worse. Ah, whatever. That’s— These are stairs. Uh and then there’s—
ART: That’s a—
AUSTIN: That’s a single stair.
ART: And there’s more stairs going that way, yeah, I got it.
AUSTIN: Yeah . And then, back in this corner …There is a desk and a man and a pair of keys. There’s always a desk and a man and a pair of keys. Um, and he’s kind of back in this recessed corner.
NICK: I love that part of Bioshock.
AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly. And Art is in this one.
ART: Oh. Okay.
AUSTIN: And then, there’s goblins… there’s a goblin across from you, uh, big G, thatta G, there’s one next to you, big Geee, uh. And then here, one two three, right there should be two empty ones, right? Yeah, okay. One here, one more.
ART: Okay. So one horrible mistake, I made coming into this whole thing—
AUSTIN: Right.
ART: Uh, what here is evil?
AUSTIN: Oh yeah, you should have asked that like, man, a long time ago.
NICK: Yeah.
ART: Yeah, it’s fine. I’m making up for lost time. I should’ve done both of these things.
AUSTIN: Um, nothing in this space. No one here, no one in your immediate vicinity is evil.
ART: That’s good to know. Next—
AUSTIN: Um, including the guards, including like, yeah.
ART: Yeah, they’re just following orders.
AUSTIN: The— yeah. They’ve taken your armor, they’ve— your weapon was never even with you, here. They didn’t even, um. And, they’ve taken your holy symbol from your hand.
ART: It doesn’t matter. I’m a living holy symbol.
AUSTIN: Sure.
ART: The divine rushes through me.
AUSTIN: Does it?
ART: Um, I mean, always, I am a, a fire hydrant of, of divinity. 
AUSTIN: Okay.
DRE: Can you add that into your name?
ART: I wish I had come up with a period-appropriate reference, but uh.
AUSTIN: Yeah, me too, okay.
ART: We’ll figure something out.
AUSTIN: Okay.
DRE: Font of divinity.
AUSTIN: Let’s go over to Throndir while you scheme, Art.
ART: I mean, my scheme’s done, but yeah, go ahead.
AUSTIN: Okay. 
DRE: Ah, stuck in here, ah—
AUSTIN: Hadrian, they similarly take your stuff from you, the difference is that like, they just go store it in another room. You’re in the like, council room, which you’re very familiar with, you’ve been here many a time as a boy, as a teen, as they started to inquire about your, your, or like as an elf teen, whatever age that is. It’s the same as it ever was, which means a lot of waiting around. They kind of put you in a waiting room, um.
DRE: At the elf DMV.
AUSTIN: Right, exactly. Uh, and I’m actually kind of picturing this as not a waiting room in the DMV sense, so much as like, a therapist waiting room, d’you know what I mean? Um, or like the room attached to a receptionist area, in a sense? Where like, the judge’s chamber would be behind that door, or something, or a governor’s room, or something? And you’re just kind of like, it’s a small room, there’s some wooden tables, there’s a fire in here, roaring, to keep you warm. Um.
And, uh, there’s no one else in this room with you, but the door is certainly locked. And this structure is a combination internally of like, very nice, smoothed, uh stone, lacquered wood, like, this place is rad compared to everywhere else.
After… I mean, so, thirty minutes, are you doing anything? Are you just like, waiting patiently?
DRE: Uh,
AUSTIN: You’re still tied up, and stuff.
DRE: Yeah. Can I try and loosen the bonds a little bit, like I don’t want to take them off.
AUSTIN: Yeah, I think over that thirty minute period you can get it to where, um, you could break free, quickly. D’you know what I mean?
DRE: Yeah, like, I don’t want to break free at that moment but I wanna be like, this is loose enough that if something happens, I can like break free pretty quick.
AUSTIN: If something— right. If something pops off. Yeah. Uh, after about thirty minutes of waiting here, the back door opens, and you’re brought into a long kind of council room. Like a, I’m picturing almost like a conference call center? Like a long tabl, everyone’s kind of seated around. Um, and they… you’re seated in, a chair kind of surrounded by members of the council. Hey. Uh, Throndir. How old are you, actually?
DRE: Uh, that’s a good question. So we said, that Fantasmo’s about a hundred?
AUSTIN: Yeah.
DRE: Um, I’m gonna say that Throndir’s about… sixty…?
AUSTIN: Cool, what’s your father look like?
DRE: Oh, man. Uh, I would say he’s probably, he’s a big stout man. He is, like— he is a man who grew up on a farm and always wanted to stay on a farm.
AUSTIN: Okay. What’s his favorite color?
DRE: Purple.
AUSTIN: Alright so, among the people seated here, there’s seven or eight people here— one of them is your father, wearing very fine purple robes, something you could never imagine him wearing before, despite his love for purple. Um, he is seated kind of off to your left, at this long table.
He’s definitely, his presence here, is official. He hasn’t been brought— this isn’t like, well, we called your dad, y’know, have a sit down . Uh, the principal will be in—
DRE: To the principal’s office.
AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly, no this is like, he would be here no matter who it was. Um. But there is still a tension in the air because of who you are, and because of— because of who he is, um. But someone else speaks first.
She is, she is getting up there in age, and she was in the room where you saw the other elves being tortured.
ELF: What a surprise! Throndir. We thought you’d left us forever.

[AUTUMN15]

KEITH: Okay so here's the thing
AUSTIN: What's the thing?
Ali: Mmhmm?
KEITH: I did - so one: I did have coffee already made, someone made coffee earlier, and it was already made so now I have some -
AUSTIN: Wait, I thought you lived alone.
KEITH: What's that?
AUSTIN: I thought you live alone.
KEITH: No I haven't moved in yet, I'm at my mum's house for another week. Another two weeks. 
AUSTIN: Oh, okay.
KEITH: Yeah. So I'm moving again in another couple of weeks. It's gonna be great. So...there was no cups in the cabinet, so what I'm doing now is I'm drinking cold coffee out of a bowl.
ALI: Oh my god. Oh my god.
JACK: Keith!
KEITH: So if you thought living with my mother was gonna make my life a little bit less sad then that's not-
JACK: Keith! You are an innocent kitten!
AUSTIN: You are the most innocent kitten! We thought it was that kitten from that video that you sent us!
KEITH: No no no but it's me drinking cold coffee from a bowl. Cold, cold coffee.
AUSTIN: Wait! Wait are you that- are you the kitten from that video? Was that you?
AUSTIN: Oh my god it was Keith!
JACK: Keith was the kitten all along!
AUSTIN: Awwwwww! Little Keith! Aww little Keith, so innocent!
JACK: What's amazing is that he's really running, you know...a patreon campaign, and youtube game streaming service with such a high viewership, being as he is a tiny kitten.
AUSTIN: Well- he's both the most innocent kitten and the most industrious.
JACK: Right.
ALI: Honestly, if I knew he was a kitten earlier I would have supported his stuff more.
AUSTIN: Kittens need help, kittens need support.
ALI: They do! Especially the most innocent kitten.
KEITH: Someone please pat my head!
AUSTIN: Hey internet! It's Austin Walker. As always I'm bringing you Friends At The Table, an actual play podcast focused on critical worldbuilding, smart characterisation, and fun interaction between good friends. We are presented by streamfriends.tv and runbutton.net. Joining me today: Keith Carberry,
KEITH: Hi! My name’s Keith Carberry, you can find me on Twitter @keithjcarberry and you can find the let's plays I do at runbutton.net or youtube.com/runbutton
AUSTIN: Jack de Quidt,
JACK: My name's Jack de Quidt, you can find me on Twitch and Twitter @notquitereal
AUSTIN: And Ali Acampora.
ALI: Hi! You can find me @ali_west on Twitter.
AUSTIN: You can find me @austin_walker on Twitter, @thecalcutec on Twitch, clockworkworlds.com. We are continuing our Dungeon World game...we haven't recorded this side of the campaign in three weeks? Four weeks? Ali went on vacation, I got super busy...it was a whole thing.
JACK: I haven't spoken to Keith in six weeks.
AUSTIN: That's true.
KEITH: That's true. Jack and I have been on a long hiatus.
AUSTIN: We've been recording this game, they just haven't spoken besides this.
JACK: Yes. Yeah.
AUSTIN: As always, the agenda with Dungeon World-
KEITH: If you listen back, also we never spoken to each other during the thing.
AUSTIN: Right. This is like in Community, when there's like a secret hidden joke that only the biggest fans would catch? The secret joke is Keith and Jack have never spoken to each other.
KEITH: Yeah, that’s true.
AUSTIN: Uh- Dungeon World is a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel and our agenda is, as always, to portray a fantastical world, to fill the characters' lives with adventure, and to play to find out what happens. That last one is like- I'm really excited for this session, because lots of things could happen. I mean- they always can, but we left off in a really interesting place. I'm trying to decide if I want to do the school teacher thing or the like, narrative thing, of like do I wanna ask one of you to tell me what happened last game, or do I wanna just say it...does anyone feel like recapping what happened last session?
KEITH: I think if I tried I could do it.
ALI: There was a lot that happened.
AUSTIN: There was A LOT that happened.
JACK: I think if I tried I would fail.
AUSTIN: Alright- let me do it, because-because I've been deep in this all day thinking about this game and prepping and all that.
KEITH: Okay you recap, I'll keep drinking out of my bowl.
AUSTIN: Oh, jesus- I hope that's in this intro, otherwise people are not gonna understand-
KEITH: Of course it's gonna be in the intro. I’m not-what kind of slacker do you think I am where I'm not gonna leave that in the intro?
AUSTIN: Hmmm...I don't know...
JACK: He's the industrious kitten.
KEITH: Also it's a shitty bowl. Check out this shitty bowl.
AUSTIN: We're not- oh! Are we videoing? Keith is videoing right now!
KEITH: I turned it on because I thought it would be a funny bit to-
JACK: Oh! Oh, hey Keith.
AUSTIN: We should - should we video?
JACK: Yeah alright
KEITH: It helps me pay attention!
AUSTIN: It does. It also helps me pay attention. I'm gonna- I'm gonna video.
JACK: I don't know how I'm going to look, and I'm probably gonna look bad.
AUSTIN: I look terrible.
KEITH: I'm drinking cold black coffee out of a shitty bowl.
ALI: That's a really nice looking bowl though.
KEITH: It’s not! It’s a bad bowl!
AUSTIN: Ali I like your shhhhirt!
ALI: Thank youuuu
JACK: Ooh! Nice shirt Ali! For listeners of the podcast, Ali is wearing a shirt made of gold, it's sequinned, it's got lapis lazuli brace- um beaded, enamel beaded collar...it's really great.
ALI: It’s just a collar
KEITH: It's a little gaudy.
AUSTIN: What button? What button am I supposed to hit? I don't-
KEITH: Uhhhh the one that's a video camera.
AUSTIN: Hey. Hi. Hoo.
KEITH: Hey guys.
AUSTIN: Uh, okay! Now we can do this- wait, no that didn't do the thing I wanted. None of this is working. Why is this not popping out the video like it normally does?
JACK: I can’t even see you. You've just a spoon with-
KEITH: You've turned into a swirl.
JACK: Mmhmm
AUSTIN: Yeah?
KEITH: Yeah. You're like a chocolate and vanilla.
AUSTIN: Is that like a race joke?
KEITH: No! It's a soft serve joke, Austin!
AUSTIN: Hmm...alright, you do have all that time...actually, someone else should host this call! That's what we should do.
KEITH: Okay. Bye!
JACK: Not me. I have chocolate.
KEITH: Did you...wait, hold on- did you just real quick check your email?
AUSTIN: I- something came in. I'm waiting for something important. I'm waiting to see if I'm going to review Far Cry 4 for Pace.
ALI and JACK: Oooohh
AUSTIN: It'll be really cool, but it depends on if they give PC codes. If they don't give PC codes-
JACK: I found out there were snakes in it today, and I'm not playing that game.
AUSTIN: Aww.
KEITH: There were snakes in the last one!
AUSTIN: Did you hear about that guy? Oh my god. Ugh.
KEITH: Are we talking about that guy that got eaten by a big snake in England?
JACK: I don't want to-
ALI: No.
AUSTIN: Oh, Jack! He didn't get eaten!
KEITH: I'm sorry Jack! I'm really sorry!
AUSTIN: He didn't get eaten.
KEITH: I didn't know what- I'm just- I made a thing up. I just made it up. I made the whole thing up. Jack- hold on, but- did you know that in my 12 hour marathon I name and Ekans ah- Snack de Quidt?
JACK: That is pretty great though.
KEITH: Yeah.
JACK: Is my video working?
KEITH: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Yeah you're good. You're good. So, last time on Boat Party, Boat Party kinda became Ghost Party as you did a soft landing into the empire of Nacre, which is kinda a little seaside town filled with people, and ghosts, and the undead. While there, you learned a bunch of things, you learned that this was a town that was from before the Erasure, that the- the kind of Death himself loved this town so much that he protected it, and kind of ceded his divine power. A lot of other things happened. Lem, Jack's character, ran into Emmanuel, the pirate--the would be baker-pirate, the would-be pastry chef, and got led around the town and learned a lot about the history of the town. Hella's sword came to life, and warned of the power of Tristero, who you would later learn was the god of the dead, or the former god of the dead. And one of the things that struck Fero was the strange mingling of the living and the dead here.That there was a- the way that life and death worked here was not nat- was not unnatural in the sense that- it wasn’t you know, morally wrong or something, but it was not like any other bit of nature. It was unnatural in that sense. To have a sort of lifeless presence throughout the town. And also saw, kind of a nice point, a man giving away his life, kind of stepping out of his unlife, his ghosthood, into-
KEITH: That was the best- that was the best part of last week. 
AUSTIN: -into the ether. At a certain point, Fero and Hella realised that they had lost Lem, who had been kind of traipsing around the town with his new buddy, Emmanuel, and tracked him down to a little hotel, the hotel that Tristero, the former god of death, used to stay at when visiting Nacre. And this hotel was sort of half-hotel half-church, a kind of temple atmosphere, because of how often Tristero stayed there. And just as we concluded, Lem and Emmanuel were smoking cigarettes on a balcony looking over the marketplace and the shore and the docks of Nacre, and Hella and Fero had found them there in that penthouse suite, and just when everyone thought that everything would be okay, a very familiar man took hold of Hella from behind and put a blade to her throat. Before closing his own to issue threat. Of course, that was Brandish, the undead pirate king, who just-will not leave us alone.
JACK: He's our nemesis at this point, right?
KEITH: He's kind of a dickhead. Like kind of though. 
AUSTIN: Kinda.
JACK: Um, also wasn't there something about-
AUSTIN: I might be forgetting something
JACK: -Calhoun?-
AUSTIN: Yes! That's the biggest thing!
JACK: As like an abdicated prince?
KEITH: Oh yeah!
AUSTIN: One of the things- one of the major things you learned was that Calhoun had been captured and had been taken to the sable spire, which is a prison here in this town, of kind of marble. This one prison that is- it strikes up against the night sky and blots out the stars, and you overheard through a conversation between two men in the marketplace, that Calhoun-who you know as Calhoun is really Angelo Triste, who is-who was in line to be the next emperor of this place, but mysteriously betrayed his people and fled. I don't remember how much I gave you. Do you remember what his crime- if there was a crime associated with this?
KEITH: Yeah. He had...MURDERED...
AUSTIN: Yes.
KEITH: His...father?
AUSTIN: Yes.
KEITH: ...and...then…...scram.
AUSTIN: Yep! Good cadence. On that.
KEITH: Thank you! Professional performer!
JACK: He says, drinking a bowlful of cold coffee. Keith, you're the worst!
AUSTIN: Oh, oh! Don't break things.
JACK: Keith you're the worst person!
KEITH: It's fine, my bed is right behind me.
AUSTIN: Okay.
JACK: That doesn't make it any better!
AUSTIN: So.
KEITH: It-it landed right side up!
AUSTIN: Don't- okay.
KEITH: I told you, I'm part clown! And I finished it.
AUSTIN: It's not a race. That's not a- you can't be.
AUSTIN.: Hella, there's a knife to your throat. What do you do?
ALI: Um...I don't have a lot of options. I've been considering this for three weeks and I really have...any options?
AUSTIN: So are you just kind of holding still at this point then?
ALI: Yeah.
AUSTIN: Okay. Lem, who is with you- sorry not Lem, Fero. Immediately. We're like five minutes in and I've already mixed up Lem and Fero. God damn it, I'm never gonna get it down.
JACK: It's traditional.
AUSTIN: It is, at this point. Fero, you feel the prodding of a metal point in your back. Meanwhile, Lem and Emmanuel on the balcony look over and see Brandish and Ginny, who is his first mate, along with three other figures behind them.
ALI, quietly: Oh boy.
AUSTIN: One of them is a human, who is alive. One of them is an undead elf, who bears the scars of years and years of combat, and one is a ghost. A ghostman.
JACK: A human?
AUSTIN: A ghost human. Yeah. And they are dressed in the armour of Nacre and the, kind of... they're professional soldiers. These aren't pirates. So-so what do you do? As the person with the most mobility here, without like being under threat, what do you do, Lem?
JACK: How far away from them am I?
AUSTIN: I'm picturing this as like - they're in the entryway to this kind of penthouse suite, I'm kind of imagining it, I know we evoke Wes Anderson a lot here, and I'm kind of imagining this space being carefully -
KEITH: Do we do that? Do we talk about that guy?
AUSTIN: I do-yeah, a bit. Kind of a lot. But I imagine this being a space that like his set director would have lovingly put together. Lots of old furniture, couches that are like um, what's the -- there's a certain sort of like upholstered fabric that I’m thinking of that I can't get to immediately, but-
JACK: Chintz.
AUSTIN: Maybe that's what I'm thinking of. Red and very lavish carpet, with lots of ornate markings on it, you know - very smooth wooden furniture, lots of just stuff scattered on tables, old documents, old candles. Lots of stuff is everywhere. A little too neatly- a little too neatly placed for it to actually be messy, this is the space that's meant to resemble the space when Tristero visited, right?
JACK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: And so it's been produced to look lived in, but there's still that air of production around it.
JACK: So um-
AUSTIN: And that's- so anyway, you're probably like...25 feet away.
JACK: Okay
AUSTIN: You're through the main entry hall, like living room area, and then pass into this grand open air balcony, that the windowed doors are open to.
JACK: And there's no question that Brandish can see me.
AUSTIN: No question.
JACK: What are you drinking? That looks amazing.
ALI: Is that iced tea?
KEITH: And why isn't it in a bowl? 
JACK: Also, I just realised - I haven't levelled up? Should I just keep adding points until we can rest and level up?
AUSTIN: No just-- oh, you haven't rested yet, so yes.
JACK: Okay, I'll just accumulating and maybe level up twice or something.
AUSTIN: You'll have opportunity to rest before that.
JACK: mmhmm, probably in a jail, or in death or something.
AUSTIN: We'll see.
JACK: Places that you can rest. I'm kind of thinking that I- What's Emmanuel doing? 
AUSTIN: I think the last thing he did was let a cigarette fall from his lips and utter a curse.
KEITH: Yo, Emmanuel's like, fucked right now, because his boss just saw him hanging out with the worst dude to be hanging out with. 
JACK: Um, but I mean like, is he still here? Has he run away? Is he making a move to attack me?
AUSTIN: Well, there's nowhere to run. The way to run is through Brandish at this point. We're talking about- there's been three seconds. This is like 'previously on...' and we've come in and the knife is at Hella's throat. There hasn't been time to react yet. What he says, right. The curse that he was issuing was just "Tristero".
JACK: Oh yeah!
AUSTIN: Remember that was the-
JACK: Um, is he trying to attack me?
AUSTIN: No- he's not- three seconds. Like, we're not- you are the person who's acting. No one else has acted yet.
JACK: Okay. I could take him hostage, but I don't think that's very Lem.
KEITH: Hold on... maybe it is, though?
JACK: Well, but-so I could-I could...what I could do is I could take him hostage, then force a charming and open as a result. I've got leverage. I've got leverage. Although Brandish might not care about Emmanuel...at all. Oh yeah, no- charming and open is speaking frankly with someone.
AUSTIN: Right, right, which you could also do.
JACK: Yeah, do I need to have leverage to do charming and open, or just to be able to speak frankly?
AUSTIN: You just need to be speaking--yeah, yeah.
JACK: I don't really feel we're in a
KEITH: Cause, yeah... maybe charming isn't the...even possible.
AUSTIN: You can be charming. He could-he could
KEITH: It's not that you can't be charming, it's can he be charming now?
AUSTIN: Sure. Absolutely. He's a bard. Like, Lem is a bard. What he does is charms in moments when no one else could possibly be charming. I wouldn't take that away from Jack.
JACK: In that case, I want to do something...this massive Wes Anderson...beautiful echoing hallway...frozen moments, people have put knives to the throats of my friends. I'm going to whip out my violin and start playing arcane art. Just-on the balcony of this hallway.
AUSTIN: Okay
KEITH: What does that do?
JACK: It's going to...when I target it on somebody, the next time somebody successfully assists the target with aid, they get +2 instead of +1.
KEITH: Oh!
JACK: So Lem just shuffles the violin off his back, and just kicks into this weird sort of mournful-no! I know what it sounds like! It sounds like hotel muzak! 
AUSTIN: Of course it does!
KEITH: But on a Stradivarius
JACK: Uh-yeah- do we know- is it a good violin? Or is it just a...we know it's a special violin.
AUSTIN: We determined it was a good violin.
JACK: It was a good violin. Alright.
KEITH: Yeah, you- when we- you cited in the first episode, like the pre-episode, your reason for stealing it was because you thought it was amazingly gorgeous and couldn't bear to not have it.
AUSTIN: It wanted to be played.
JACK: Yeah. I wasn't sure if it was very good or very special, but very good I'm happy with. Because one of the weird things about pattern magic, is that just like any sort of pattern, it moulds itself on the space in which it is being performed. Any sort of pattern magic - pattern magic in a laboratory works very differently to pattern magic in a forest, or a cave? So obviously musical pattern magic or semiotics-
KEITH: What about a forest cave?
JACK: Well, a forest cave you've gotta take into account the trees, you gotta take into account the acoustic effects of the trees, you've gotta take into account the way the light and shadow falls through the trees, it's very complicated. But of course, in a hotel, it would sound like elevator muzak. Because that's just how pattern magic works.
AUSTIN: But it would be, it's like elevator muzak by way of like, a temple choir, right? Because this place is also this weird holy place.
JACK: Yeah. Yeah.
AUSTIN: I like that. I like that a lot.
JACK: It's music taking the-
KEITH: Is the tonality of violin itself changing?
JACK: Nope!
KEITH: Or just the style of play? Okay.
JACK: Just the style of play.
KEITH: It still sounds like a violin, like you're not- this isn't like a Terry Pratchett thing where all of a sudden you're on a airplane.
JACK: No. And it's not like one of those Casio keyboards where you can get a Bossa Nova beat going. 
AUSTIN: If only!
JACK: It'd be great. So what do I need to roll for that? Um...
AUSTIN: That is plus Cha.
JACK: So I just get to click the little button, right?
KEITH: You can click whatever you want, buddy.
JACK: Ten!
ALI: Ooh, you did it!
AUSTIN: That is...uh, that is a success. So wait, who are you targeting with this?
JACK: Hella.
ALI: I appreciate that.
AUSTIN: Okay, so Hella will now get a +2 on a-
JACK: The next person to aid her.
AUSTIN: The next person to aid her, okay. The- oh, one second, Ali if you just, you can just switch off of Skype-
ALI: Oh no, I mean on Roll20.
AUSTIN: Oh, wait what faces are you seeing in Roll20?
ALI: Like Nick and...
AUSTIN: Oh you can turn that off, go over to the settings bar, on the far right, and then if you go down to where it says video player slash avatar size? You can go to names only.
KEITH: I do...I feel like the fact that you at first thought Ali didn't know how to switch windows
AUSTIN: Well she said all these faces- for the people listening, Ali in the Roll20 chat said 'all these faces are making it hard to see the maaaaap!' and I thought she meant our human faces, not our avatar faces.
KEITH: Wait hold on, settings and then what? Because I also 
AUSTIN: Under video and voice. This is one of the reasons I wish everyone would leave after they're done for their session.
JACK: Set faces to 'off'.
AUSTIN: Yeah, put it to names only. Yeah. Okay, so- Jack your music- Lem's music fills the air, and I think it makes everyone a bit more confident. It's also just distracting, right? It distracts everyone here.
JACK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: It's a strange thing, but it's also-it must feel in place, at the same time, right? You've caught the rhythm of the space really well.
JACK: Yeah. Plus, for Emmanuel, it must simultaneous- it must- he must have just seen it and just gone like 'of course this is what's fucking happening now.'
AUSTIN: Right, yeah. Absolutely, Emmanuel at this point is-is, despite being from this strange place that no-one's ever been to, I think very much the audience...uh what's the word I'm thinking of?
JACK: The analogue? Or the-
AUSTIN: Yeah, right right for the audience here. And definitely is giving you a look like: 'I can't believe this is happening.'
JACK: 'What the hell are you doing?'
ALI: I don't think it's just him that's doing that. Like, this is also gonna be sorta frustrating-
JACK: SCREW YOU HELLA! 
AUSTIN: So Hella, what are you doing, now that you have this little- basically, what this has opened up is: Hella you can now do a thing that someone else could aid and help you with really well. Presumably Fero. Um, you could make a- you can do anything, but you have to defy danger to not take damage when doing it. That's the mechanical way to get out of this situation, to defy danger. And it would depend on what you're trying to do, to uh
LEM: Also, my only ranged weapon was a violin, I mean, what else could I do, throw it at him?
AUSTIN: This is true. This is true. 
KEITH: Don't you have a crossbow?
JACK: No!
AUSTIN: No, you're imagining that. He has like a...duelling machete. 
KEITH: Oh yeah, thought he had like a...
JACK: That's it's proper name.
KEITH: Like a...thing.
JACK: Like a crossbow. No.
AUSTIN: You need a new bond, too. Lem.
JACK: Oh I do?
AUSTIN: Yeah it says here. 'Needs a new bond next time' on your character sheet.
KEITH: Oh I think I had that too. 
AUSTIN: I think you all- I think we all rushed to the conclusion last time and didn't-
KEITH: It- yeah we had
AUSTIN: It's optional.
KEITH: Oh you know what? It's because we couldn't think of a bond that we really liked.
JACK: Oh yeah, I have 'needs a new bond next time.'
AUSTIN: Anyway, let's move on and hopefully get to a place where we can think about that. So what's Hella doing?
ALI, distracted: Um...yeah I'm sorry, I'm looking at the move list real quick to see...
AUSTIN: Well forget about the moves right this second. Think about what she would do, and then we'll talk about what move matches up with that.
ALI: Okay. Cause, I mean-
AUSTIN: Like, Hella has a knife to her throat, but she's also this rad badass lady. A warrior.
ALI: Right!
AUSTIN: What does- what does she do?
ALI: Cause my thing here is that like, she doesn't have a lot of the ability to move, but in terms of like-
AUSTIN: Yeah but she can get that ability, right? She's a trained fighter...all you need to do as the player to secure that, is to roll defy danger. Do you know what I mean?
ALI: Okay.
AUSTIN: That's the thing she does, before she does whatever the second thing is she does.
ALI: Right. Well, what I'm quietly considering is like, if she's saying something, and if so is that like a...yeah.
AUSTIN: Like what tone is she taking?
ALI: I mean that's the question that's
AUSTIN: That's what I mean, that's the question that you're...yeah yeah yeah.
ALI: Yeah ‘cause I still think that even with Lem's like support or whatever, it's not- this isn't something that she's capable of breaking out of? Because I don't think she knows-
AUSTIN: Yeah it is. It absolutely is. This is absolutely the sort of thing that in her life- like, fighters train for this. Like that's what makes you a fighter, and not a druid, or not a paladin, even. Y'know? Like, this isn't a thing that's out of- she should be confident in her ability here.
ALI: Okay
AUSTIN: More than-
KEITH: Austin did your camera fall over?
AUSTIN: Probably.
JACK: Why are you a coffee cup, Austin?
KEITH: Because I'm seeing your ceiling.
AUSTIN: Hey. Hi. Welcome.
KEITH: It's...it's the same thing.
AUSTIN: Okay...I don’t have like a place to put this.
KEITH: But does it- but is it just a...is your camera round? Like what is happening?
AUSTIN: No, it's - I almost just tried to show you the camera. It's like a clip on-
KEITH: Let's not...
AUSTIN: It clips on to things.
JACK: It's just mounted on a very, very polite dog that's just-
KEITH: There's the microsoft surface, the famous-
AUSTIN: famous surface
KEITH: Austin's favrou-famous surface. You still liking it?
AUSTIN: Yeah. I haven't used it as much as I- I haven't used it as much as a tablet as I hoped I would at this point? But largely because the sort of stuff that i've been reading hasn't been on PDF for the last couple weeks. Or months I guess. I've been reading a lot of books and that's not...anyway. Hella.
ALI: Right.
AUSTIN: To be clear, it's totally within Hella's ability to do this, in fact it's just-all it is-it's just a defy danger roll. I'm not making you roll anything especially hard, I'm not making it like, this is the same sort of roll that you would make if you were trying to get close to someone with a spear, or if you were trying to dodge from arrows or something. This isn't a um...it's well within her realm, more than anybody else in the party.
ALI: Okay. I-well the reason I hesitate is because I was having this conversation with Jack where like...I don't think she was ever formally trained to fight? She's not like a soldier, and she's not like a paladin.
AUSTIN: Right, yeah but she's-
ALI: She's basically like-
KEITH: You're on the jo-this is on the job.
AUSTIN: Yeah, but there's- I mean there's fantasy stories filled with people who are naturals. You know what I mean, you have the instinct. You have it in you, to-to...that's why you're a fighter.
JACK: In your heart. You have it in your heart.
AUSTIN: Exactly. Exactly.
KEITH: Yeah. Nobody taught me to be a little mouse! I just did it one day. One day I was a little mouse.
AUSTIN: Right, right. We learn lessons all sorts of ways. Who knows? You have a weird magic sword that sings to you, you know what I mean? 
ALI: Yeah, there's like a disconnect from the like 'black widow, secret agent, breaks out of holds like this', but like, I'll just-
AUSTIN: Right, right, but maybe you could do it in a different way. She does it in like a cool acrobatic way, you could just fucking hit this dude you know?
KEITH: Yeah, knock him on his head with your head.
AUSTIN: Or not! Or if you think Hella wouldn't be violent here, and wouldn't take action, then that's the right way to go, you know? It's-it's...I wanna be clear that there's nothing mechanical that suggests that Hella isn't capable of this. And there's nothing narrative that makes me think that she wouldn't be. But if this was just some schmuck with a knife around her throat, and it wasn't Brandish, I'm curious if this would be the same response.
ALI: Right.
AUSTIN: But maybe that's interesting. Maybe it's interesting that with Brandish she's having second thoughts.
KEITH: Well Brandish is a ghost boy.
AUSTIN: He's a zombie boy right now, he's not a ghost boy. There's a distinction.
KEITH: Not for me.
AUSTIN: There is! We'll find out, about that. So what do you do, Hella?
ALI: I...I think that her endgame would be to try to break out anyway, so...what that sort of looks like, I guess I'm not sure of?
AUSTIN: A bunch of things! You could do the classic, like headbutt backwards thing, you could elbow from behind, you could you know...any
KEITH: Stomp on his foot!
AUSTIN: Yeah you could stomp on his foot!
KEITH: Stomp on his zombo foot!
AUSTIN: Ahh, that'd be bad. That wouldn't heal nice.
KEITH: Squish some gross toes, some fuckin, like a jello stomp down on with your heavy boot on his disgusting zombo toes.
AUSTIN: All of this is bad. All of the things Keith is saying.
KEITH: Zombo toes-os like freakin' floor jelly.
AUSTIN: Oh. Keith, you're done.
JACK: Keith? Now's probably the good time to tell you that my microphone keeps defaulting itself back up to full volume again.
KEITH: Is that what's happening?
JACK: Uh-huh.
KEITH: So what I'm gonna suggest...is...
JACK: Is that I just run away and never touch audio again.
KEITH: Run away, yeah...you're just gonna have to not be on this podcast anymore! So, we have two options. One: You can keep your eye on it and keep moving it downwards. Three options. Number two is just I can deal with it later. Like who cares. You just be conscious of your level, maybe move away from the microphone a little bit? Three, option three is that we stop the recording, we start again, we do another clap-
JACK: No. No.
KEITH: and you restart audacity.
JACK: Oh it just jumped again.
AUSTIN: Then you should- you should keep an eye on it, but it might be- it may make more sense for you to just not be near the mic, because otherwise it will be bouncing up and down and up and down.
KEITH: Right, that was what I was about to say.
JACK: What do you mean 'not be near the mic'?
AUSTIN: Back up.
KEITH: Yeah- HEY BUDDY!
AUSTIN: Yeah if you were back here...
KEITH: Yeah just sit back in your chair instead of up in-near it.
JACK: Oh, okay. How-hmm.
AUSTIN: Just watch the thing.
JACK: Like this?
KEITH: However you were? Up on the mic? Move like three inches farther back.
JACK: Okay how does this sound?
AUSTIN AND KEITH: Fine.
JACK: Okay, you can fight the audio recording later. Let's play Dungeon World.
KEITH: This will be fine, There's no way- Jack there's no way your audio will ever be worse than the garbage I was getting from Austin and Art. 
AUSTIN: There's no way. There's NO way. The other thing is- as long as it's the same all the way through, Keith can-
JACK: Ohh, that's not the case.
AUSTIN: -mess with it?
JACK: Noo
KEITH: Well, as long as from this point forward it's the same all the way through. Consistency is more important for me, than uh...quality. 'Cos I can fudge quality.
AUSTIN: So don't-don't lower it, is what I'm saying.
JACK: Okay. Okay, so keep going like this. Alright.
AUSTIN: Yeah, because otherwise Keith will have to lower it in some places and not other places, and that will be bad.
KEITH: I'm actually gonna make a note right now
AUSTIN: Good call.
KEITH: -that this is where I can stop paying attention to your audio. Jack what's your time at right now?
JACK: My time is at...um...49:46. It still looks like shit, but y'know. Let's just go.
AUSTIN: Alright, so Hella-
ALI: So, okay. So um...I think as someone whose neck is half cut, and whose head I super want now, I want to do the headbutt thing? Cause that's like a weak point?
AUSTIN: Good call. Good call. So do a defy danger: strength is what that sounds like to me? You're just kinda like pushing him back off of you, you know what I mean? You're not trying to nimbly slip away. So gimme a defy danger: strength.
ALI: And that's a nine...
AUSTIN: That is...a success. So either Keith could help you here, either Fero could use his aid roll here to help you slip away, or he could save you for the next time he wants to aid you, that's up to Fero.
KEITH: Um...
AUSTIN: She got a partial success here.
KEITH: She got a partial success...um...you know what, I'm all for trying to get this done, no mistakes, because that would be really cool. The idea that this guy comes up on us, and
AUSTIN: And then you like-
KEITH: Just fucking take him down! Like no errors. So I'm gonna help out. I'm gonna help out on that. And uh...I do just a regular roll?
AUSTIN: It's a 1d...it's a roll plus your...plus two. It's a roll plus two.
KEITH: Okay. I think this is the right button...
AUSTIN: So 2d6+2. Great!
KEITH: Totally nailed it.
AUSTIN: Totally nailed it- how do you help in this situation, when she does this headbutt?
KEITH: So I'm thinking that she's going to do the headbutt, and he's going to be falling backwards, and I'm imagining that if I did not help, he'd be able to recover himself. I'm just going to-what's his hair situation like?
AUSTIN: I've been picturing him with like-you know, this isn't a real thing but like blackbeard hair? Like long-ish, shoulder length, a mess.
KEITH: I'm just gonna get a fucking fistful and fucking yank him down. Is what I'm going to do.
AUSTIN: Okay go ahead and...Ali go ahead and give me an attack roll. Because this is definitely getting you free, but let's see if it also does damage to him, or if it just kind of stuns him for a second. So that’s the same thing.
ALI: That's an eight.
AUSTIN: That's also...okay, so here's what happens. Give me a damage roll, too.
ALI: Three.
AUSTIN: That's fine, that's actually probably appropriate. And then I'll do...as a response... Again, this happened last week and people didn't um...don't worry about this. Gimme a second here. Okay so, no no, okay, we’re fine. So, as you slip away, you do- you ah hit him in the back- you hit him in the face with your head, and his knife does catch your neck. Take four damage. Take the less of those two. So you are bleeding a bit, but he doesn't catch anything major. Fero does manage to throw him to the ground with his hair and slip past the spear that was pushed up against his back. And you're both able to stand firm and face the people who are in front of you. So now you have Brandish on the ground, who has taken a bit of damage, you have Ginny, who is his first mate, who is in the back, and she's holding two small, curved blades. And then you have the human-the living human, the ghost human, and the undead elf. Who are in kind of the Nacre, like, guard armour. At this point I think Emmanuel is just like I think he's flabbergasted. I don't know that he knows what to do. And I think you can probably tell that, Lem. I think he gives you a look, like and he says...he gives you a look and he says
EMMANUEL: What have you gotten me into?
ALI: That's so sad.
JACK: Haha, okay, how far is it from the balcony to the floor?
AUSTIN: Oh, it's far. You're on like the third or fourth floor. This is not a jumpable situation.
JACK: Oh, not a jumpable situation.
AUSTIN: No. This is like the penthouse suite of this very nice hotel. It's not a skyscraper or anything, but like I think the fourth floor. And that first floor is BIG. That first floor is like a doozy.
JACK: So if I want to get involved in this fight, I have to run down fourteen flights of stairs?
AUSTIN: Nonono, they're at the door! They're at the front door of the penthouse suite!
JACK: Oh! Oh they're- right, sorry. I presumed.
AUSTIN: Everyone's here. We're all in the same- yeah yeah.
JACK: Okay, um...
AUSTIN: I thought you were trying to escape! Like 'alright everyone, bye!' 
KEITH: Manny! Come on! 
JACK: Oh, my health's pretty good. Alright. So I turn to Emmanuel, and I just go
LEM: Alright Emmanuel, pick a side!
JACK: And I just go running towards the ghost-elf. Is it a ghost elf?
AUSTIN: It's an undead elf, thank you very much.
JACK: An undead elf.
AUSTIN: And his name is Balladash.
JACK: I go running towards the undead- oh, that's a great name. Can I just roll hack and slash on him?
AUSTIN: Yeah! Totally. Oh, actually you know what, he has...um...you're gonna have to roll to...actually no yeah with him you can get in close. I should actually explain what these people have. So there's the human guard, Deneer, who has a spear that was previously pointed at Fero's back. As Fero turned to help Hella, he tried to like stab forward and missed. So he's like aaah!
KEITH: Bleeuugh!!
AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly.
JACK: He's been stunworked.
AUSTIN: Heh. Right. Right, exactly. Balladash has an axe that is chain...has like a long running chain to his belt. And that Balladash is the elf. The undead elf. The kinda zombie elf.
KEITH: So he's sort of like a Bob Marlow-Bob. Not Bob Marley!
AUSTIN: He's a Bob Marley?
KEITH: Jacob Marley.
JACK: Pastry chef vs Bob Marley: Stream Friends tonight-
AUSTIN: And then last, but certainly not least, the ghost man has a sword. Ted. His name is Ted. The ghost's name is Ted. He has a sword.
KEITH: I thought the axe man was the ghost man.
AUSTIN: No no, the axe man- the axe elf is undead. Is like a zombo.
KEITH: So he's not even- he's not a Bob OR Jacob Marley type. Is he a Ziggy Marley type?
ALI: Oh boy.
AUSTIN: He's a Ziggy Stardust type.
JACK: Er- Austin, what happens if...just...I am aiming for this elf, but if I went and I swang my duelling machete at the ghost, what would it do?
AUSTIN: Good question. Have you ever- have you ever swung your sword at a ghost before?
JACK: Nope! Anyway I'm gonna roll hack and slash on this guy. So essentially, I've just turned away from Emmanuel, and just gone sprinting across the hallway towards this person. And I'm rolling strength, right?
AUSTIN: Yep!
JACK, surprised: Ten!
AUSTIN: Hoo! That's a hit! That's a real-life hit!
ALI: You did it!
AUSTIN: Give me your damage!
JACK: Ahh that's 1d6, right?
JACK & AUSTIN: Yeah
AUSTIN: Is that what it is? I don't know what your...what your damage is.
JACK: Oh. Two.
AUSTIN: Okay. But you still get good a chunk in, of Balladash. You- are you like slicing, is this a slicing weapon, is this a thrusting weapon, or something?
KEITH: Jack-
JACK: Yeah I think it's a slicing weapon.
AUSTIN: Okay.
KEITH: Well Jack, here's the thing that we don't take advantage of very often, is that...you could open yourself up for... an attack and take another attack, a damage roll. Right?
JACK: Okay. Cool!
AUSTIN: Yeah. It would be- you add 1d6 to that, if you're willing to take damage.
JACK: Fine. Yeah, I'll do that.
AUSTIN: Go for it.
JACK: Ummmm...excellent!
AUSTIN: Look at that!
KEITH: Yeah! Way to go! That's a fucking roll, Jack!
JACK: I rolled a six! So I've rolled an eight. So, what's actually happened here, is before when I said that I'd sprinted across the room, I was not talking about full-on sprinting. Now this time, I am doing like, a straight, complete disregard for my own momentum, towards this person.
AUSTIN: Yes. You do- so you-ah, this is one of those situations where, I think as you're running at him, he throws his axe at you, that's on this chain and it catches you in the shoulder for five damage.
JACK: Oh no! Okay.
AUSTIN: But then you lop his head from his shoulders.
JACK: Oh! Okay.
ALI, sadly: Ohh.
KEITH: Oh shit, you killed this guy!
ALI: Whoa!
AUSTIN: Yeah. No more Balladash.
KEITH: Man, you're like-you're what happens when Art meets a skeleton. 
ALI: Would...would Lem do that?
AUSTIN: Well he did now!
JACK: He did!
AUSTIN: He did it.
ALI: Accidentally, I guess.
AUSTIN: I don't... he did eight damage, you know, and even with armour-
KEITH: Wait wait hold on, cause in my head, this is we're in a fight, and taking off someone's head...like, I'm sure that Lem or-or I was sure that Lem had taken off someone's head before
AUSTIN: Right. The-
KEITH: But NOW I'm thinking is maybe a Mace Windu?
AUSTIN: This might be a Mace Windu.
JACK: I don't get that reference.
AUSTIN: But here's the other thing. When Balladash hits the ground, his body shimmers for a second. And...where his head is missing is suddenly whole again. Not with flesh, but with a ghostly visage. It isn't moving, but...you know. It's there.
ALI: Just his head?
AUSTIN: I mean his whole body is kinda shimmering in this way, but there's a ghostly head where there wasn't a moment ago. Where there's just a neck.
KEITH: Is-now, you saying ghostly, considering this town, is it just literally a ghost head?
AUSTIN: It's a ghost. It's a ghost head. I'm not saying he's pale, I'm saying yeah, it's a ghost head. It's like a shimmering, see-through, jedi ghost head.
KEITH: Right.
AUSTIN: It's a whole ghost. He's a ghost now. He's a ghost, but he's unconscious.
KEITH: Right, so like if I saw a mouse, I wouldn't call that mouse 'mousely', I'd call it just a mouse.
JACK: Also, once- er, once Lem's done this, he just sort of turns around and like looks at Emmanuel? You know like sometimes you do when you um...when you're like walking up some stairs and you trip up the stairs, and you look around you like 'did anybody see me fall up those stairs?'
KEITH: Is that what you guys do? I just fall all the way down the stairs and hope someone saw. And laughed. And recorded it. Like-
AUSTIN: We live different lives. No.
KEITH: Yeah, I guess.
AUSTIN: Hella what are you doing?
ALI: Well now that I've broken free...I draw my sword, and turn towards Ginny and Brandish?
AUSTIN: Yep. Brandish is still on the ground at this point. But Ginny is stepping- Ginny steps towards you, as if to issue a challenge. And she spits on the ground, and says uh-
GINNY: That was an easy one! You'll find me much harder.
ALI: I definitely attack Ginny.
AUSTIN: Okay.
JACK: Guys. I think we're probably going to lose Emmanuel.
KEITH: You're saying you think that Emmanuel does not want to hang out with us anymore, or that Emmanuel is gonna die?
JACK: I think the former, if not the latter. Maybe the latter and then the former.
AUSTIN: Hella go ahead and roll your damage, as a successful attack.
ALI: That's a four damage.
AUSTIN: Okay....
KEITH: What...what move did I choose last time I levelled up? Oh no, I know what it was. It was a d10.
AUSTIN: Alright. The two of you engage in like a...quick exchange of swords. She has these two short swords that she like, is blocking some of your attacks with, and getting a few good hits in, and you both kind of hit each other a couple times here. Take five.
ALI: And when you say that, do you mean minus my armour each time?
AUSTIN: Subtract your- yeah subtract your armour from whatever I tell you.
ALI: Okay. So…
AUSTIN: The...two remaining guards move in on Fero, and kind of pressure him back into the space of the room at this point. I could probably just...quickly...one second. Let me just- I wanna just get a real basic version of this room out so you can see what I'm talking about.
JACK: Good plan.
AUSTIN: I should also be over on this page, and then...ah...this, and then- oh, nope nope nope nope. I hope people listening don't hate it when I do this, because it sometimes takes a little bit of time, and I hope it doesn't take too much time. Balcony...hallway. Okay. So. You can see, this is the top bit here, that is the balcony, then there's a big sitting room-this big one in the middle, and then there's the hallway. At this point, Emmanuel is up on the balcony, Fero and two of the guards are in the big sitting room, Brandish, Hella, and Ginny are in the hallway.
JACK: Where am I?
AUSTIN: You're also I guess, in the doorway to the hallway? Or I guess you...maybe you're just in the sitting room. Maybe that's where you're at at this point.
JACK: It's where I love to be!
KEITH: So there's- so...in...I'm in a room with two guards.
AUSTIN: You're in a room with two guards. Yes.
KEITH: Okay, um. Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to...that won't make sense, I take it back.
AUSTIN: Yeah?
KEITH: Yep. Well, because I can turn into a pack animal, and one of the things I can do is call a pack, but -
AUSTIN: Yeah, this is not that space.
KEITH: That does make sense!
JACK: Wildebeest busting in through the doors!
KEITH: A team of wolves, falling from the skylight!
ALI: Ohmygod that would be the best, what if they were ghost wolves!
AUSTIN: That would be pretty cool
KEITH: Okay, so I'm going to be...I'm going to be a cougar…
JACK: Keith...
AUSTIN: Yeah?
KEITH: Yeah. I'm gonna turn into one of those.
ALI: Old favourite.
KEITH: Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna turn into a cougar,
ALI: The usual.
KEITH: Yeah.
JACK: This game for Keith, is just...choosing what animals to be, right?
AUSTIN: Yes.
KEITH: I rolled a 15...no I rolled a 13.
AUSTIN: That's really...
KEITH: I forgot that I already added my plus two.
AUSTIN: ...good, yeah.
KEITH: Listen, I'm a fuckin' high roller.
AUSTIN: So that gives you three moves that you can do. No, put those dollar bills away, Keith. They're singles, you know?
KEITH: This one's a five!
AUSTIN: Hmmm.
KEITH: Here's what is happening. I'm a cougar now. And...what I'm going to do is I'm going to just...the one who's farther from me, would that...would I be defying danger, passing the second one? The first one, I mean?
AUSTIN: I'm trying to decide who would be near you. Ah...no. Because he has-the one who's nearest to you is the one with the spear. So the one that's nearest to you is...Deneer, the human, who has a spear. And you're already in on him? Do you know what I mean? You already have the advantage on him in terms of space. So getting out of you-
KEITH: Okay, I was thinking that if I ran past the first one-
AUSTIN: Right right right, so what I'm saying is because you're already in on him, you have the kind of combat advantage at this point, so you can totally just disengage without taking any - without him being...like, you're in on his spear. So if his spear is out, you're already up on it, and so if you quickly jump past him-
KEITH: You know what? Because I already got- first of all Austin, you're a robot right now, and none of us can understand you.
AUSTIN: Okay. That's good. I think I'm better? I think I'm better.
ALI: You're getting better.
KEITH: You're kind of better. You're kind of better. Okay, so. What I think you said is that, I already- because I've already like, got him in a...in a bad way, moving past him would not be difficult because he's like 'whoa, hold on!'
AUSTIN: Right
KEITH: Right?
AUSTIN: Correct.
KEITH: So, and now- and so I think- because I now know that, I'm gonna take advantage of that, use the momentum of having transformed into a large scary animal, fro just...to f- to just lunge at his dumb face. Face slash neck area.
AUSTIN: Sounds good.
KEITH: Alright. I'm gonna roll plus strength!
JACK: Is this the ghost?
AUSTIN: Is what the ghost?
JACK: Who...who Keith's-
KEITH: That's an eleven.
AUSTIN: That is a...hit!
KEITH: All right. Um-
AUSTIN: Go ahead and roll damage. Or are you gonna do the thing where you get to use a...where you get to do extra damage, or are you gonna...not do that.
KEITH: So here's the thing: if I do that, and I killed him...no never mind, I take that back. No, I'm just gonna do my damage.
AUSTIN: Never mind.
KEITH: I take it back,
AUSTIN: You're just gonna do your damage
KEITH: I'm gonna do plus six.
AUSTIN: You ARE gonna do the plus six?
KEITH: I'm gonna do the plus six
AUSTIN: Well that's a two,
KEITH: Because I got a two.
AUSTIN: That's terrible.
KEITH: Yeah. So... so six.
AUSTIN: So six. You do six...and in response you take two. You're a cougar, right? I think-
KEITH: I'm a cougar.
AUSTIN: And you're jumping on the human. You're jumping on Deneer, the human. I think you- in fact, you kind of crunch down on him, and- what are you- how are you attacking? Like, what are you doing, other than pouncing?
KEITH: Okay, so I'm going...I'm going lunging, paws on shoulders, face on...mouth on neck.
AUSTIN: So you're biting his neck.
KEITH: Right.
AUSTIN: Okay. You bite down on his neck, and you kill him. He's like punching at you and hitting you, so you do take a couple, you take two damage, but he's...he is expired.
KEITH: Okay. Man, these humans ain't nothing! 
JACK: Uh, my one was an elf.
AUSTIN: Yeah, thank you.
KEITH: Oh. These living things ain't nothing! 
0:50:28
AUSTIN: Great. Sorry. I'm getting...I'm getting this set up so that in the future that we have to do this, we'll just have...we'll just have tokens so that we can imagine this space. Better. I am also, as always, recording...my, my Roll20 stuff with OBS, which means that at some point we really could just release the video on YouTube.
KEITH: It's- listen, as soon as you send me the video.
AUSTIN: One of those files. They're big, is the thing.
KEITH: Yeah. They're big.
JACK: We're just saving it for our BluRay release.
AUSTIN: That's...also true.
ALI: Oh my god let's do that.
AUSTIN: I'm gonna...I'm gonna...this is... Hella, I'm not happy with your token right now...
ALI: Yeah, what are these tokens anyway?
KEITH: I like my token!
AUSTIN: So...
ALI: They're just...
AUSTIN: Uh, so...if you look at the situation as it stands, Hella you're the warrior with the sword. Jack-
KEITH: You could have just said 'Hella, you're the worst'. Is what I thought was gonna happen.
AUSTIN: Oh. I did not know. So. At this point, one of these humans is dead, there's another dead guy who I haven't put on the board yet, who's in front of Jack- who's in front of Lem King the orc, and there's this ghost remaining in the sitting room. But at this point let's talk about Hella. I think...Brandish is back on his feet, and has moved over to flank you on the other side of where Ginny is, who you've kind of pushed back. What do you do?
ALI: Um...I mean- I turn towards him? And sort of lunge towards him and attack him?
AUSTIN: Okay. Give me a hack and slash.
ALI: Oh. That's not good.
AUSTIN: Oh that's bad. That's a bad.
ALI: Can I roll damage on that?
AUSTIN: No that's a miss. That's a complete miss.
JACK: Mark XP!
AUSTIN: Yeah, mark XP. I think you lunge at Brandish, and uh...one second, what are you at? Uh...HP, oh you have plenty of HP. You'll be fine! Take...eight. Eight, then subtract your armour.
ALI: So six.
JACK: Oh! I'm sorry- when I took five damage earlier I forgot to take account of my armour 
KEITH: Oh me too! Same things! So I no longer took any damage from that other thing.
AUSTIN: Good job! You lunge at him with your blade, and he-he...he kind of grabs it? On the blade, and pulls you towards him. But it's a dead hand. That hand means nothing to him anymore, and he feels no pain from it. And then puts his sword, I guess it's a slashing weapon, so slashes you across the chest.
ALI: That's fair. That's a good kill.
JACK: Good on you Brandish.
AUSTIN: Yeah. When you're dealing with this- as you stand over the corpse of the elf-ghost, or the elf...undead who is a ghost, the ghostman, Ted the ghostman, is coming at you from behind, Lem. What do you do?
KEITH: Oh the ghost's headman got up?
AUSTIN: No this is just Ted. This is just ghost. This is the Ted-ghost, who has a sword. He's the third of the three-
JACK: He's coming at me, or coming at Fero?
AUSTIN: He's coming at you, Lem
JACK: Hmm. Can I take a defy danger?
AUSTIN: Yeah, sure.
JACK: I want to try and get out of his way and pull back towards the window, and Emmanuel. So that's dex defy danger, I suppose? Seven! Is that a- that's a moderate success.
AUSTIN: Alright, so...it's a moderate success, and that means that again as it's written, it says that on a 7-9 you stumble, hesitate, or flinch; the GM will offer you a worse outcome, a hard bargain, or an ugly choice. I think you can take damage- or you can get away without taking damage, but it will mean... I wanna make it something tempting to actually take here. Ah- it will mean losing your sword. It will mean having your sword disarmed. Or- you can get away, you can get towards the window, and also take damage.
JACK: I would like to take the former option, please.
AUSTIN: Alright, so you're disarmed. Your blade goes flying through the sitting room, and I think it crashes into some plates that were set up on the-on like a counter, like on a bureau on the desk or something, like kind of decorative plates, and they smash into little pieces. But you manage to get up towards the window, where Emmanuel is drawing a dagger.
KEITH: It took you long enough, Manny! Come on!
JACK: Um, in what sort of direction is he drawing it?
EMMANUEL: Lem, don't make me do this.
KEITH: We already killed three of them.
AUSTIN: Two of them.
KEITH: Two- okay, so we killed two of them. At what point are we- at what point do we start making Emmanuel do it?
AUSTIN: I mean this has all happened in moments, remember. Like, it took us 20 minutes to get here, but all of this is fifteen seconds of action, twenty seconds.
KEITH: Yeah, we're real good.
JACK: Uh- can...can I make another defy danger roll back towards the ghost again?
AUSTIN: You can go back towards-you can just go back towards the ghostman at this point.
JACK: Uh, no- um. Ah, man. I really don't want to kill Emmanuel. I don't want to be forced into a compromising position because of this.
AUSTIN: There are other things you can do. You can do lots of different things.
JACK: You can do lots of different things in Dungeon World! Hmm, let me just check this Oh! Oh!
AUSTIN: Yeah?
JACK: I wanna be charming and open. Um, I'm gonna speak frankly with him. I think I have a very plausible opportunity to speak frankly with him here? I have no weapons in my hand, he's drawn a dagger.
AUSTIN Yeah, absolutely. You absolutely do.
JACK: So I'm gonna say to him ‘Look, we have found ourselves in a situation that neither of us quite intended or planned for. Um, and...I don't want to have to hurt you, and you clearly don't want to have to hurt me. This doesn't seem like a very good situation.’
KEITH: You guys have the weirdest relationship ever. It's so weird. It's like fucking, like he had no clue who you are really and you have this entire… headworld of Emmanuel. And then you met and it was like this 'oh man, it's this guy" and he was just like 'oh my god, it's this fucking dude!' And then you were like 'I'm gonna be one of you!' and then he was like 'what? Ah, what? Okay...just follow me.' and then all of a sudden-
JACK: I beheaded one of his crewmates.
KEITH: his boss finds you, with him, and your first reaction is to kill TWO of his buddies. And then it's like 'hold on, wait, we can still make this work.'
AUSTIN: So what do you- what are you asking, Lem?
KEITH: This all means so much more to you than it does to him, probably
JACK: Keith- Keith, Lem is a combat librarian. What else do you think a combat librarian would be doing? So the question that I'm gonna ask him is...how can I get you to leave?
AUSTIN: Hmm...it's a good question.
JACK: And I want to make it clear in the intonation in my voice that I don't mean 'how can I get you to leave-' I want Lem to be expressing, dropping your weapons and going with the guards is not an acceptable answer in that instance. Which is- he can give that answer, but Lem's not quite-
AUSTIN: Right right right, but it'd be a disappointment. He- yeah.
KEITH: Wait, so wait- what are you asking- what are you trying to get out of Emmanuel?
JACK: I want him to leave.
AUSTIN: He's asking 'how can I get you to leave?'
JACK: And we all know that Emmanuel cares Very Much about Lem.
KEITH: Here's- wait, listen. Maybe Emmanuel wants to come with us as a hireling.
AUSTIN: That's possible.
JACK: Oh shit! I forgotten there were hirelings!
AUSTIN: There are hirelings. There are definitely hirelings.
JACK: Okay, let's just get him out of the fight, we can pick him up later, it'll be great...
KEITH: Hold up, but also...we should...we need...we also...it wouldn't be a bad idea to have Calhoun with us like, all the time with us-
ALI: I know...
KEITH: because that dude is the best.
ALI: Calhoun is in my boat for sure.
AUSTIN: Alright. Emmanuel...Emmanuel says
EMMANUEL: Give up this dream of saving your old captain. And...I'll drop my blade. And you can go.
AUSTIN: In fact- he adds:
EMMANUEL: And I'll go with you.
KEITH: Wait- but we need...we need Calhoun.
ALI: No. Yeah.
KEITH: Ali and I don't give two shits about Emmanuel!
ALI: Yeah! Who even cares?
AUSTIN: Lem does.
ALI: Lem also cares about Calhoun! 
KEITH: Yeah. Don't- This is such a hard decision for Jack.
JACK: Calhoun is the abdicated prince king of a ghost city that he had read about, but only just discovered! This is the really...this is the ultimate conflict of Lem's love for...stupid shit going on , like massive grand scale histories.
KEITH: Hold on. Wait. Can we have an alternate future real quick, where you say 'Calhoun, more like Calwho?'
JACK: And then- and then THROW Emmanuel off the balcony. What do Hella...what do Hella and Fero-
AUSTIN: Oh! Wait! Sorry, I just forgot that there's another part of your move. Whoa. That was loud. Something in my house made a lot of noise. The second part of your move is that they may then ask you a question from the list, which you must answer truthfully. What are you really feeling right now? I think the way that he asks that in character, is that he actually says like...he says this whole spiel about how to give this dream up of saving your old captain, we can leave. But is that what you really want? What do you really want, Lem?
LEM: I don't want my friends to get hurt.
ALI: Awww
LEM: Anymore than they have been. As somebody who just decapitated a man, I'm neutral.
AUSTIN: NO! That's not neutral!
JACK: No, I was thinking about this-
KEITH: It was a Mace Windu, though! It wasn't a real thing! He's a violence mulligan! Austin your camera fell-
AUSTIN: I saw
JACK: I don't know what this violence mulligan is
AUSTIN: When he says-
JACK: I'm violence mulligan!
KEITH: No! You're not violence mulligan! There was a violence mulligan!
AUSTIN: So when you say-
KEITH: Violence Mulligan though is a really good name.
AUSTIN: It is. When you say that you don't want your friends to get hurt, he says,
EMMANUEL: Then go with the guards. No one will be hurt. She wouldn't hurt you.
JACK: I um...
KEITH: I think they'd hurt us though! Hold on Ali is silent.
AUSTIN: No she's whispering.
ALI: I'm whispering really excitedly about meeting the character we probably can meet if we go with the guards 
KEITH: Who's the character? What're we talking about?
ALI, emphatically: The Queen!
KEITH: Oh! Okay.
JACK: Something that-um, something that-
KEITH: I'm a great queen! 
ALI: I don’t want to.
JACK: Something that Nick does a lot, in the episodes that I've heard, where he's in, is that he seems to be really, really good at just...doing fucking crazy shit as his character?
AUSTIN: You don't even know. You don't even know the HALF of it yet.
JACK: No but like- the temptation would just be to- to go to Emmanuel like 'Okay!' but then at the same time, that feels-it's this weird tension of like 'oh, what does the rest of the party want?
AUSTIN: Think about it. Let's go back, while you're thinking about it as an exchange.
KEITH: How concerned are you about what you want?
JACK: Thank you.
AUSTIN: Let's go back to....back to last over on this other side of the table. Uh, let's go to Fero.
KEITH: Okay, hey buddy.
AUSTIN: So you're squared up against ghostman, who has a sword, and is moving into combat range with the cougar-you. The cougar inside of you.
KEITH: Okay. So here's what I noticed last time, is that: last time I used my d6 roll instead of my d8 roll because-
AUSTIN: Oh cause you're a- yeah, that's true. But it didn't matter in that case. But. Make sure you do it right this time.
KEITH: Right, I killed him anyway, and didn't take any damage. So, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to...is he all ghost? He's hundred-this is 100 percent ghost?
AUSTIN: Yeah. He's all ghost.
JACK: All killer, no filler.
KEITH: Okay, so here's what I'm going to do- I'm going to run at his legs, and as I'm running at his legs, try to grab onto one, and tear it- pull it out- I can just attack him like other people, right? It's not a-it's not a
JACK: We'll find out.
AUSTIN: You've never hit a ghost before.
KEITH: I've never hit a- so I'm gonna try to attack this ghost like it's a person, run at their legs, bite their leg and pull it out from underneath them.
AUSTIN: Sounds good. That is a damage roll. That is not an attack roll.
KEITH: Oh. Oops! Yeah. So. Wasted that eight...that's a...nine.
AUSTIN: That is a hit, but a hit where you also take damage...go ahead and roll damage. Right.
KEITH: That is a one! That is the opposite of an eight! 
AUSTIN: Your teeth, or your claws- your whole body does-passes through this ghost as you claw at it. On the other hand, his sword does not pass as easily through you. Or rather, it does, but in a much more physical way.
KEITH: Okay!
AUSTIN: Take six.
KEITH: So I still do damage.
AUSTIN: No.
KEITH: When I pass through.
AUSTIN: No.
KEITH: No?
AUSTIN: You did no damage.
KEITH: Okay, he's got armour. 
AUSTIN: Well, he has- he's a ghost. And you're not exactly sure...you felt presence when you passed through him. It wasn't like moving just through air. So maybe you could. Do damage. You could certainly do more damage, you bet, if you...were…
KEITH: Tried harder?
AUSTIN: Well, one, if you tried harder. Two, if you weren't...just a...like a cat. Like if you were a magic missile, or something. I know you can't do magic missile, but-
KEITH: Okay, I kind of can't be a magic missile?
AUSTIN: I don't think you can. I don't think that's an animal.
KEITH: Is...is Brandish still here? Where's Brandish?
AUSTIN: Good question! He is uh...he is currently engaged in melee with Hella. Ginny is also moving up on her. She says...she looks at the collection of people that are left at this point, and she looks over to Brandish and says:
GINNY: Let me just end this.
AUSTIN: And he goes and nods, and then jumps back a couple of feet. She takes something out of her inside coat pocket, and in a flash, there is a bit of- there are some sparks. It's a small, round object. And she rolls it right into the middle of the room. 
JACK: Do I have enough time to do spout lore on this object?
AUSTIN: Every- enough to do what?
JACK: Spout lore on this object?
AUSTIN: Yeah, go ahead.
JACK: I'm thinking about it like the owl-bear situation from the first episode where he got smashed into a tree. How do I roll spout lore? 
AUSTIN: It's plus intelligence, right?
JACK: Okay. Okay. That's like a partial success.
AUSTIN: Yeah it's a partial success. It says uh...can you guys hear me? Do I sound like a robot right now?
ALI: No you're fine
KEITH: No you're good.
JACK: Nope. Also I just noticed your amazing t shirt.
KEITH: Jack kind of does.
AUSTIN: Thank you. It's a good t-shirt. On a 7-9, the GM will something interesting, it's up to you to make it useful. Here's the interesting thing I'll tell you. It's a bomb. 
KEITH: Hold on! I would argue...that that is useful! 
AUSTIN: That's true. 
JACK: Okay, so…
AUSTIN: You hear it clank along the floor. It's small, it's not a cannonball, it's, y'know, it's about the size of a fist, maybe two-
KEITH: Is it a cannon bomb?
AUSTIN: It's not a cannon bomb either. It rolls across.
JACK: Is it a cannibal? The floor here. And you all have...a brief moment to decide what you're doing. Lemme give you a bit more. Of this map. Just to let you know. There is...there's the balcony, there's the marketplace further to the north, on the ground, four flights down. There are doors on the left and right sides of this room. And then there's the hallway, which eventually leads down to stairs. Which Brandish is now heading back towards, along with Ginny. 
KEITH: So they tossed the bomb, and scrammed?
AUSTIN: They backed up. They're not leaving. Like, they're still facing the room.
KEITH: Oh, okay. I thought that maybe they were scramming.
AUSTIN: Not scramming.
KEITH: Okay. Oh! You know what I never did? I never rolled hold! For coug!
AUSTIN: What?
JACK: For the coug!
KEITH: I never rolled hold for coug. 
AUSTIN: Yeah you did.
KEITH: Oh no, I did. I had a full success. I have three moves.
AUSTIN: You had a full success. Yep. You have one more.
KEITH: Yeah. I forgot that that was tied to the initial roll. 
AUSTIN: It's been- Alright. It's been…
JACK: Okay, um...what-what are we doing?
AUSTIN: I- that's my question! I'm the one asking that!
KEITH: Here's what I'm gonna do. Here's what I'm gonna do. Because I have- I move my…
AUSTIN: Wait wait wait, actually, Lem is the one who knows what this thing is. Are you communicating something about it, Lem? 
ALI: I think all of us can figure it out?
AUSTIN: Well he rolled that spout lore. I have to give him that. You know? He knows what this is, because he read about it once. You know?
JACK: Yeah. Thanks Ali. I've read about bombs! I've never seen one, 
AUSTIN: No, that's important. You have never seen one.
ALI: Is Lem gonna stay behind and watch it go off, because he wants to see it go off? 
KEITH: I wonder what bombs doooo? I mean I know what they do, but I wanna see how they do it!
AUSTIN: But- are you explaining what this is, really quickly? What are you saying?
JACK: Umm...I'm gonna- I'm saying:
LEM: It's a bomb! Get down!
JACK: And I am running towards a large therapist’s couch one one side of the room? And just flipping it over and hiding under it. 
KEITH: Here's...here's what I wanna see if I can do. So, I ran through this guy. So I'm like here.
AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah that's fair.
KEITH: Can I just go through that door?
AUSTIN: Totally.
KEITH: Alright, so I'm gonna go through that door over there.
AUSTIN: Okay, are you...
KEITH: As a coug.
AUSTIN: As a coug.
JACK: Wait, where am I? Oh, I'm there, I'm there. 
KEITH: Unless this is a defy danger, so after I do that, then I am a man again. But…
AUSTIN: I think this will be a defy danger, for you. Because you're the one who's like...oh, also yeah, what are you doing Ali, at this point?
ALI: I'm going towards where Brandish and Ginny are?
AUSTIN: Okay, good call. 
JACK: Austin just....Austin just...slid the sofa.
KEITH: Oh that is also where I am going. I just did not describe it that way.
AUSTIN: Yeah. Okay. Give me a defy danger...Jack and Fero. Lem and Fero.
JACK: What sort of defy danger? Strength?
AUSTIN: Er, I think this is dex, I think for both of you. This is about getting to a safe place.
JACK: Uh oh! Okay. 
AUSTIN: Like you're not...being strong...
JACK: Eleven! 
AUSTIN: That's a...that's a success! 
KEITH: Miiine is a....partial success!
AUSTIN: Partial success...okay. So Fero...as you, as you get out of range for this thing, you, you slide to a stop. The explosion doesn't catch you in the aftermath of the...you don't get caught up in the blast range? But you do- it does force you to fall. And you fall right at the feet of...Brandish. 
KEITH: Hm. That's a weird place to fall. And by weird, I mean dangerous.
AUSTIN: That's a dangerous place to fall.
KEITH: And by dangerous, I mean fuck Brandish!
AUSTIN: Yeah.
ALI: We can take him!
AUSTIN: Emmanuel is hanging on with dear life. To the railing. 
JACK: Oh no, he fell over? 
AUSTIN: He- yeah! He didn't see this thing. 
KEITH: God, poor baby.
AUSTIN: And Lem, you can see that from behind your therapist couch.
ALI: How could he not see it?
AUSTIN: 'cause Lem was in his way with a fuckin- like his big orc body. 
ALI: Oh...he is
KEITH: And, you know, we're a lot better and cooler than Emmanuel.
ALI: I know, but Lem screamed it's a bomb!
JACK: I did shout that it's a bomb.
AUSTIN: Emmanuel- right, but he was still...separating him from the big room, you know?
JACK, indignant: Austin, if you were in a room and someone told you there was a bomb-
AUSTIN: You're not in the room! YOU were in the room, he was outside. He was on the balcony, near the banner.
KEITH: Yeah. You know, again, we're super quick. He's a...you know, he's a dumb pirate.
AUSTIN: And like- so here's the thing. You had...you were here when he said it, you were inside this room and able to get behind a thing. In the time that it would have- it took you to move that six spaces or whatever, and get behind there? He could have moved...closer to the bomb? You know what I mean? 
JACK: Heh, yeah. True.
AUSTIN: There wasn't...there wasn't a place for him to get to as quickly as it was for you guys. He was in the worst possible situation. I guess he could have been in this corner, you know, but that's just as bad. That's not...much better. Right, he probably did run to that corner. So yeah, that is where he is dangling. Hella, what are you doing, now? With Fero at the feet of Brandish, and I think Ginny is giving you a look like she's real upset that her...her plan B didn't work. The B stands for 'bomb'. Plan Bomb.
ALI: Right I mean...I guess that's Fero's call to see if he attacks Brandish? So I can go towards Ginny?
KEITH: Well I'm on the floor...like, I fell? On the ground. With my face on the ground in front of the bad guy. 
ALI: I'm gonna hope that you attack him, and go towards Ginny.
AUSTIN: There's also a ghost in the...still in the-
KEITH: What I'm saying is that you should help me. 
AUSTIN: There' a ghost still in the...in the room. 
ALI: In the hallway that we're in?
AUSTIN: No, in the room where the bomb went off. He's fine. He's a ghost. 
ALI: Yeah, okay.
JACK: Had no effect on the ghost whatsoever.
AUSTIN: He's a bit like, dazed. Like, it was loud! You know, and he's kind of like, 'whoa!'
KEITH: On a scale of one to ten, how confused is he, also?
AUSTIN: He's a seven? 
KEITH: Seven?
AUSTIN: Yeah.
KEITH: He's dazed AND confused?
AUSTIN: Uh...he's dazed and confused. Yeah. I'd say he's dazed and a little confused. Dazed and confused too.
JACK: It's very noisy. Must be just very noisy really, for him. 
AUSTIN: Alright, so go ahead and-
KEITH: Aah, I'm a ghost, I need silence!
JACK: What did Hella do?
AUSTIN: She's swinging at Ginny.
JACK: Yeah, but what did Hella do in the bomb sitch?
AUSTIN: She ran out with Ginny and Brandish. 'Cause she was like, up in their grill anway.
ALI: Yeah. Okay.
AUSTIN: So go ahead and make your hack and slash. Look at that! Look at THAT! 
KEITH: Yeah!
AUSTIN: G'dang!
KEITH: You should do a-you should do a take another damage roll. 
AUSTIN: You could do that. 
ALI: Can I?
AUSTIN: Yeah, or you could take a second damage - 1d - not a second damage roll, it's an additional 1d6 damage
KEITH: Yeah! You could do another damage roll and open yourself up to damage.
AUSTIN: It's an additional 1d6 damage, but you'll-get hit. So if you roll a ten or above, on attack, you don't get hit, and you get to deal your damage. You can also sacrifice not getting hit, in order to do extra damage. So you could do that 1d6 to get in a little bit more.
ALI: I think I'm at 13HP, I'm not doing that.
AUSTIN: Uh huh? Okay.
KEITH: Are you? Where'd you get 13HP?
ALI: Because I was 25, then I got hit three, three, and an eight.
AUSTIN: A bunch of times. She got hit a bunch of times.
KEITH: Oh, I didn't realise you get-
AUSTIN: Well, did you reduce damage? Did you reduce-
ALI: My neck was cut...like 
AUSTIN: Did you reduce the eight by your armour?
ALI: Yes. So it was three and three, and then six.
AUSTIN: What I will remind you, is that the last time she attacked you, she did 2d4 damage. Which means you're not within lethal range with her right now. She can't kill you, even if she gets and eight.
KEITH: She doesn't have lethal?
AUSTIN: You're not lethal- Yeah, she doesn't have lethal.
KEITH: But she DOES have a bunch of murlocs. 
AUSTIN: Right. She does have that sick murloc deck.
ALI: What can I roll? It's 1d6? 
AUSTIN: Yeah it's plus 1d6. 
KEITH: Yeah it's 1d6.
ALI: Okay. 
KEITH: Also, I've got two...balance still.
AUSTIN: Oh yeah, he can heal. I forgot that Fero could heal people.
KEITH: I can heal you.
ALI: Ah, right.
AUSTIN: That's useful.
ALI: Okay, so... Fuck! 
KEITH: There we go.
AUSTIN: That's still a REAL good hit. Like, she is not in good spirits. Ginny, you- I think you catch her. She- you catch her, she's reaching in for another bomb, and you remove her hand from her arm. Uh, and she holds it in like
KEITH: Feels like a less extreme Jack
AUSTIN: Much less extreme, you know. Not as evil.
KEITH: Yeah, not as Windu. 
AUSTIN: She kneels to the ground-
KEITH: Windu.
AUSTIN: And screams a slur at you, in-in their weird- remember, like their language is like...has some holdover words from a thousand years ago, or whatever? And you can hear- you know what she's saying. You know what she just called you. And she drops to a knee.
KEITH: Which?
AUSTIN: Her left knee.
KEITH: Okay, thank you.
AUSTIN: You're welcome.
JACK: Is she gonna get like a cool pirate hook hand?
AUSTIN: Good question.
KEITH: Or we're gonna kill her today.
AUSTIN: The best thing about these pirates is that every time that I'm like 'uhhh I don't know, they do a pirate thing.' you guys go like 'oh, what if they did this other, more cool pirate thing. Every time!
KEITH: They weren't even gonna be ghosts at first!
AUSTIN: No! No, they were- that all came from Keith saying- this whole city is borne in Keith saying 'wait, are they undead?' and I said 'huh. Huh.'
KEITH: To be fair, I did say 'oh these ARE undead pirates, for sure. Definitely.' 
AUSTIN: Yes. That is what you said. 
KEITH: Definitely Austin did that already, and then you said 'sure I did!'
AUSTIN: Yeah. Uh, Brandish-
ALI: Can I just attack her now?
AUSTIN: Yeah, but one second- As she grips her hand, Brandish puts his blade up against Fero's back. And he looks at you, Hella, and he says:
BRANDISH: Move wise- Move wisely. 
AUSTIN: Lemme do it- it's deeper.
BRANDISH: Move wisely. Think carefully.
JACK: More British. 
AUSTIN: I can't do British! I can't do British and also like, gripping my neck.
KEITH: You don't have to do real British, you can be Paul F Tompkins British, where it's not actually a British accent, but you get it? 
AUSTIN: Right.
JACK: Oh! No, Keith. Paul F Tompkins’ British accent is so good that I couldn't tell if he is?
KEITH: Really? Is that true? Wow! 
JACK: Yeah. Like, his H.G. Wells is solid enough that I didn't know it was...fake. Anyway.
AUSTIN, in a sort of British accent plus Brandish' voice: More British. That's what he says. No. 
KEITH: Wait, hold on, is this guy Lord British?
AUSTIN: I am Lord British. It's me. I made that game, ultima-
KEITH: How was space?
AUSTIN: I went to space. It was pretty cool. 
KEITH: I don't understand how you got so much money. Like, Ultima was popular, but how did you do that?
AUSTIN: Gambling.
ALI: Oh my god
AUSTIN: Played the slots.
ALI: Oh my god!
AUSTIN: I'm slipping towards Australian now. What are you doing, Hella?
KEITH: I just...I had no idea that that H.G. Wells was so good! That's all I can think of, I'm freaking out over here.
JACK: No it's-it's really good.
ALI: Oh my god, I definitely came to this town just to kill Brandish though.
AUSTIN: You did. That might- that would surprise him!
ALI: I was like 'yeah! Let's go get Calhoun, but secretly...
AUSTIN: You could just do a hack and slash on Brandish.
JACK: Hold on. Who just wandered over to Emmanuel.
AUSTIN: It's Ted.
JACK: Oh.
ALI: Oh is he gonna...oh.
KEITH: Yeah, ghost Ted!
ALI: Also...Fero could like...turn into a bird. Or something.
AUSTIN: What are you doing, Lem?
KEITH: Well I could turn into a lot of things!
AUSTIN: He can do a lot of things, but he would take damage. Like, he would have to defy danger, or risk taking full damage.
KEITH: I could turn into a cat…
ALI: But he's not like…
KEITH: Although I haven't taken damage yet. I'm still at full health.
AUSTIN: There's a blade to his back.
ALI: Right.
AUSTIN: Like, there is a blade to his back. One of the things that you have to remember about Dungeon World is that fictional positioning means a lot more than what it would normally mean in any other game. Which is to say, just because a move exists, or just because someone is...if you were standing over somebody's body...right now, if you wanted to kill Ginny, she'd be dead. I wouldn't make you roll it.
ALI: Right.
AUSTIN: She'd be dead. She's at your mercy. If you roll to hit on a dragon, and then rolled full damage, you wouldn't do any damage to it. It's a dragon and your crossbow doesn't do any damage to dragons. Do you know what I mean? There is- so...Keith is in a Bad Spot right now. Fero is in a place where like...I'd let him roll defy danger if he had something interesting, but he's almost Definitely take damage in doing it.
KEITH: It kind of...it kind of sucks that no one would even have the opportunity to help me when I first got into this situation. 
AUSTIN: Right- Hella has that opportunity right now. That's what I'm saying.
ALI: Right. This is sort of uh…
KEITH: Didn't before, definitely, when I was already on the floor, also. 
AUSTIN: Hella didn't- Hella specifically went after Ginny instead of helping you. 
KEITH: I know! I know! That's what I'm saying.
ALI: Oh, yeah!
AUSTIN: Oh, this is a joke! This is you pointing out-
KEITH: It's a bit.
AUSTIN: It was a bit, okay. 
ALI: No- I...I think I'm still not helping you.
KEITH: Okay.
AUSTIN: What here is evil?

[AUTUMN16]

KEITH: Previously, on Friends at the Table:

THRONDIR: One night, I… came upon some of our village elders, and they had… Well they were— They were cutting someone up just— just to see what was, what was inside of them.

HADRIAN: But— But we have to— we have to go there. That's our, that's our only chance at, at survival, yes? We could— We could discuss other ways to not starve to death, but…

DRE: They would take Throndir, but they would not be interested in taking you all.

ART: I mean— Yeah that might not be what they're interested in, but they're— they're gonna take— They're gonna take all of us, or they're not gonna take any of us.

FANTASMO: You're in the presence of the slayer of the Word Eater. Surely—

AUSTIN: Oh boy. 

ART: Oh boy…

FANTASMO: Surely these people will have some respect for a wizard… as fantastic as I.

AUSTIN: A snow elf slides from— from behind one of the trees and into your vision and draws a long sharp straight blade.

BELADORE: The two of you can come in as prisoners or not at all. Throndir is coming as a prisoner whether he wants it or not.

NICK: Fantasmo is gonna cast Magic Missile at, uh, Mr. Beladore… Fantasmo still thinks he did the right thing here, even as he's running away.

AUSTIN: Uh, Throndir, they begin taking you towards like the kind of High Hall where the council elders kind of meet. Hadrian, they begin to take you deeper into the, into the kind of south and… the smell of death is strong here. Alright, so, uh among the— the people seated here, there's 7 or 8 people here. One of them is your father wearing, wearing very fine purple robes, something you could never imagine him wearing before, despite his love of purple. Um, he is seated uh, kind of off to your left, um, at this long table. He's definitely— His presence here is official. He hasn't like been— This isn't like, "Well we called your dad, you know, to have a sit down. The principle will be in." You know, yeah, exactly. This is like, he would be here no matter who it was. Um, but that— There is still a tension because of who you are and because of— because of who he is. But someone else speaks first. She is… She is getting up there in age, uh, and she was in the room when you saw the other elves being tortured.

FIRST ELF: What a surprise, Throndir. We'd thought you left us forever.

THRONDIR: Well, things uh… things never seem to work out the way that we plan them to, do we.

FIRST ELF: We've gotten better at planning, since you've left. In any case, what is it— what is it you hope to achieve, by attacking us.

THRONDIR: I apologize for my compatriots' ill advised actions. I didn't come here to fight.

FIRST ELF: Perhaps you should've told them not to attack our people, then.

THRONDIR: I did. The older one doesn't really listen to anybody.

FIRST ELF: You should choose your friends more wisely. I suppose that's not on— 

NICK: Man, that's not fair, they were taking us prisoner. Come on.

AUSTIN: Not you they weren't.

NICK: Well, my buddy.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: Well, thanks bud.

ART: They— They hit my— They hit my person, you know.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: We're traveling companions, you can't just stab my people.

DRE: Hey, Austin.

AUSTIN: Yes.

ART: That's how people get hurt.

DRE: Austin. Where's my dog.

AUSTIN: That's a good question.

ART: Oh no.

AUSTIN: Where is your dog?

DRE: Uh…

AUSTIN: They would not have let him in the gates.

ART: Oh man, I hope he saves us all.

DRE: So he's— he's outside the city.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: Yeah okay. I feel kind of relaxed. 

AUSTIN: I imagine— I'm now imagining this scene of Kodiak near the city gates, not being let in but like, kind of looking at each of you, as you walk in. And then in my mind, he then looks at the empty air as Fantasmo walks in and then follows him in with his sight too. Um… Uh,

FIRST ELF: Anyway, it's academic. You won't be leaving with them again. It was a mistake to let you leave the first time.

AUSTIN: They— One of them gives your father a glance and he noticeably sighs. He's never been good at hiding his emotions.

DRE: Yeah. Well, neither is Throndir, so it runs in the family.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. Yup.

THRONDIR: What is it you told them I did, Elahir?

ELAHIR: You interfered with important business. Ruling is a burden, tsk, especially in conditions as ours. Sometimes, for the betterment of your people, you have to do things that are not, tsk, pleasant… You've always been too idealistic to understand.

AUSTIN: She shakes her head.

DRE: Austin, what is— what is she wearing?

AUSTIN: Uh, I think she's wearing kind of a humble brown version of the— of the purple robe that your father is wearing. Um, I'm imagining it as being kinda wool or kind of a similarly warm tight fabric. Dense. Tight in terms of the fabric, not like tight on her body. Um… There is a hood but the hood is down. She's dressed humbly. She isn't like a… She's not a supervillain, you know what I mean?

DRE: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, what I'm wondering is there anything in this room that is like, a religious artifact or a symbol or anything?

AUSTIN: No, no.

DRE: Okay.

AUSTIN: This place is… is Business 101. Like this place is not a place for worship. 

DRE: Gotcha. 

AUSTIN: Um, there is that stuff in this building, do you know what I mean? There are sort of like the nameless gods, the little artifacts of those, the little cut outs, the… But not here. This is a place where people do work.

DRE: Want to see if there's—

AUSTIN: And in fact, is, and you know this from back in the day, even. You know, there are places where our gods cannot see. Because we have to do things that are ungodly to survive.

DRE: Gotcha. I didn't know if there's anything in the room that would like trigger something from Kindrali.

AUSTIN: No, I mean Not in this I mean, you can use that move whenever you want, you know.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, but— But I actually— But I'm not sure what you would get from here, do you know what I mean?

DRE: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. In this room…

AUSTIN: That I didn't just give you in words, just a second ago. Um…

THRONDIR: Look. Elahir. I understand that you are doing what you think is best but I may have a way that we can both help our people.

ELAHIR: Our people? You gave up rights to that years ago. I will, as a favor, be letting you leave. Alone. Tch, I— we will never see you again and it will be as if this never happened. This is your last warning. If you near us again, and you try to interfere with our culture, you will die. I'm sorry that it has to be this way.

AUSTIN: She gives your father a look.

ELAHIR: But I hope you understand that I'm doing what's best for you, and what I believe is best for all of us. Your father agrees.

DRE: Does he actually? I don't say that, like is— is my father making any sort of weird body language?

AUSTIN: No, he's not. He seems resigned.

DRE: Oh boy. Um….

AUSTIN: I mean, you can gather that he probably pulled strings to not make you dead.

DRE: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Multiple times now. She was trying to communicate before that they let you go, last time. Let's cut back to… team prison.

ART: Alright, I think I got it. I think I got it.

NICK: Team— Team 

ART: I think I'm getting out of this prison right now.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: I'm gonna use I Am The Law.

AUSTIN: Okay.

DRE: Oh god. 

ART: Because he's either gonna do what I say or he's gonna come fight me. And I like myself against any guard.

AUSTIN: Yup. Those are the two things he can do.

ART: Um, he can also run away. Um…

AUSTIN: Yeah, that would be the third thing. But let's see what happens.

ART: Alright. I can— He can hear me, right? I can like speak and he can hear me?

AUSTIN: Yeah, if you shout, he could like, at least, yeah. Yeah.

NICK: Wait, can we—

ART: I'm trying like a dignified shout, though. Like a loud— Like more of a loud talk than like, "aaAAAhh."

AUSTIN: Right. What's up, uh Nick?

NICK: Can we establish where Fantasmo is in relation to all this before this happens?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can be wherever you want to be. Where do you want to be?

NICK: Um, I want to be uh, just down the hallway from where he is. So I followed them in but I—

AUSTIN: Okay. Ping it on the map?

NICK: Oh, um…

AUSTIN: It's like click and hold.

NICK: Yeah. Like right here. Or—

AUSTIN: Okay, yeah, that's fair. Actually, well—

NICK: Actually, around the corner.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's good. Yeah. Um, so just around the corner where the cells kind of start. Uh, alright. Go ahead and be the law.

HADRIAN: Guard. Hear my voice. I'm Hadrian, Sword of Samothes, Defender of the Undying Fire. I serve the— I serve the most powerful deity in all of creation. The man who made the sun that shines over these lands. The man who united this kingdom. The man who has ascended to the heavens as a god.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

HADRIAN: My power is— is greater than you could imagine. I'm— I'm here because I hurt your compatriots. I'm here because I surrendered before I destroyed all of them. And I'll destroy all who stand in my way. Come here, free me, and stand aside or prepare to die by my hand.

AUSTIN: Should make that roll.

ART: I— I am— I am clicking on the roll button. A 9.

AUSTIN: Okay, uh, on a 7+ they choose one. Do what you say, back away cautiously, then flee, or attack you. Who is this man? Who is this guard?

ART: Well, I phrased it so I gave him the choice of doing what I say or attacking and hoped that fleeing doesn't enter his mind. I'm trying to like, psych him out.

AUSTIN: Right, right, right. Now I'm trying to decide what the most interesting thing here is.

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um… Uh… I think he shouts up the stairs,

GUARD: Bell! Bell, we got a— we got a loud one down here. I'm gonna go deal with it.

AUSTIN: Uh, he's like chewing something. Uh, he slowly begins to walk down into the like, passing through this hallway towards you.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Uh…

ART: I mean I'm— I'm gonna— I'm not gonna stand next to the door, right? I'm not a moron.

AUSTIN: It's like a gate. It's like a barred gate, you know what I mean?

ART: Well does it— It— How does it— What's the action on it?

AUSTIN: It slides open.

ART: It slides. Alright.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it's like a modern jail cell. Or like a vision of a jail cell you have in your mind, when I say the word jail cell that doesn't have a door, you know.

ART: Right, yeah. My point is, I don't want to get hit with a door.

AUSTIN: Uh, another man begins coming down the stairs as he comes closer. He— He uh, when he gets to the gate, he waves you forward.

ART: Huh?

AUSTIN: He like, motions you to come to the gate.

ART: Alright. I like, move closer.

AUSTIN: And…

ART: I don't want— I don't want to be able to be grabbed. At least not without me being able to like, do something about it, yeah.

AUSTIN: Sure, sure. Um…

GUARD: Boy you comin'?

AUSTIN: He—

ART: I don't understand, the gate's still closed. 

AUSTIN: The gate is still closed. 

ART: Alright, yeah, I'll grab at him.

AUSTIN: Oh, you— Okay, so you do grab at him.

ART: I mean, I don't understand what's happening.

AUSTIN: He's waiting for you to get close.

ART: Can I think— Yeah, I think that here I'd like to—

AUSTIN: I don't know, you don't— Uh…

ART: I'd like to you know, grab around the neck. I… 

AUSTIN: Uh, he— But it isn't clear that he's here to hurt you. Like that, I do want to be clear, this is like a… It's not clear what he's doing.

ART: Okay, I'll stand by the gate.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: I mean I think I'm tougher than this guy, that's my point.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you're definitely tougher than this guy. Um, he uh… Here's a thing that Fantasmo sees. A man comes down the stairs. He's holding a crossbow. He opens the gate and motions you out.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: And then you see a man with a crossbow, back here.

ART: I can take a shot with a crossbow and still kill two people.

GUARD: Come with us.

AUSTIN: He says,

GUARD: Come with us.

AUSTIN: And the man with the crossbow begins walking backwards towards this door.

NICK: What's in that door?

AUSTIN: And the man behind you now, prods you forward.

ART: I grab him.

AUSTIN: The one behind you?

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Alright.

ART: I try to like— I try to move him. I try to move him in front of him.

NICK: Just… 

AUSTIN: Oh, okay.

ART: I try to get him by the neck and get him in front. I'm— I'm trying to use him to not get shot with a crossbow.

AUSTIN: Give me a— Give me a— Right, right, right. That's a cool move. That's a nice action.

NICK: I just realized— I just realized I was muted and that's why people were ignoring me.

AUSTIN: Oh, I'm sorry.

ART: Oh, I'm sorry.

NICK: No, it's okay. Uh, I was gonna say, as the um, the guy, the crossbowman starts walking backwards I want to stick my staff out and trip him.

AUSTIN: Uh, go ahead and give me a— Uh, you can just do that.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: Uh, he trips and falls and the shot goes high. Um, and—

ART: Okay, then I'm just gonna punch this dude.

AUSTIN: Oh, does he— Wait, one second. What happens when you do that? Do you become un-invisible? I forget how invisibility works for you.

NICK: Um, it's unclear. Uh…

AUSTIN: I think— I think that counts as a thing. Otherwise…

NICK: Yeah, that counts as an attack. It— So the spell persists until the target attacks or you dismiss the effect.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's an attack. That's an attack for sure.

NICK: Yeah, so I guess I'm becoming un-visi— Like, I'm becoming visible. Un-invisible. Heh.

ART: Oh, so I— Do I see— So I see Fantasmo first?

AUSTIN: Yeah. I think suddenly you see Fantasmo jump up as this man, is behind you, prodding you forward.

ART: Alright, I still think my best chance here 'cause crossbows take a long time reload is to— is to knock this dude unconscious and then run at that other guy.

AUSTIN: Alright, go head. Give me your Hack and Slash.

ART: So I— I punch him. 9.

AUSTIN: Uh, what's your— What's your choice on that?

ART: Uh, what is— I can do— I can do extra damage?

AUSTIN: You can do… Oh no, I'm sorry, on a 7 - 6 you just, you deal your damage and the enemy also gets to attack you. Also gets to hit you.

ART: Okay, well, so I get a d10 plus I get a d4, which I'll roll in a moment. That's two 2s in a row.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

NICK: Ugh.

DRE: Woof.

ART: 3.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: That's pretty bad.

AUSTIN: That was pretty bad. That on the other hand was pretty good. Uh, so you do grab him and pull— I guess like, what are you doing? What do you try to do to him? You're just punching him?

ART: Yeah, I'm trying to knock him unconscious.

AUSTIN: So he's like behind you. How are you— Are you like gonna elbow and like turn? Like what's yours— What's your series of moves here?

ART: Yeah, actually I do— Yeah, this is— this is— I've done this move before. Yeah, you do it like an overhead, like three quarters elbow to the face.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: And like, the ideally the move ends with me facing him.

AUSTIN: Yeah. I think that's true, it does end with— with you facing him. But as soon as you get that hit in, he's like— he does one of those things where he draws his blade out of his belt in a way that slams the hilt into your chin. He like pulls it straight up into the air and slams it up against your face.

ART: Sure. 

GUARD: It's gotta be like this?

AUSTIN: And he raises his uh— He pulls his blade back as if to thrust forward at you. What's up— What's up with Fantasmo right now? Also the goblins are now like, yelling things at each other in a language you don't understand.

ART: Oh, they speak Common, we could've— we could've had a…

AUSTIN: They might also speak Common.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Or in fact, it is. It's like the version of— It's like that Old Common. Remember, we kind of talked about this before, that it's a Common that developed under a different— It's kind of a previous linguistic form, um… It's like Old Common. 

DRE: Oh yeah, Old Common.

AUSTIN: It's actually Middle— 

DRE: Back before he sold out, when he made real music.

AUSTIN: Hoho. Haha. Shots fired, Common. Okay. So Fantasmo, what's up?

NICK: Uh, is the guy that I tripped, is he out?

AUSTIN: No, no. But his— He's like struggling with his crossbow to reload.

NICK: Oh, so he got— He got back up again.

AUSTIN: He's— I think he's like— I picture him like on the ground like,

CROSSBOWMAN: Uh, what the fuc—

AUSTIN: Like, rolling around, like looking at his crossbow, trying to reach down for a bolt to load in. Do you know what I mean?

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: He's on the floor, still.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: He's kind of backing up and trying to do too many things at once. If he just calmed down and focused, he'd be back on his feet by now, um, but he isn't. You've kind of stunned him, let's say, so to speak.

NICK: How does— Are there mechanics for uh, knockouts? How does that work?

AUSTIN: Not really.

NICK: Oh, alright.

AUSTIN: I just say, "Oh yeah, he's knocked out." You know?

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Um, I don't— But like a trained guard being tripped, he's not gonna get knocked out, like on his—

NICK: Yeah, no I understand. I was asking that because— I was asking that to find out what I would have to knock him out from here.

AUSTIN: Oh, just hit him real hard in the head. You know?

NICK: Okay, well.

ART: That'll do it.

DRE: That'll do.

AUSTIN: I mean, what would you do to knock out a person in real life. Like the same thing you'd do to kill him.

NICK: No, I know. But I mean…

AUSTIN: Um…

NICK: Yeah, I guess I'm— I guess I'm metagaming a little too much, but…

AUSTIN: Yeah, I don't— Unless you had a specific move that was like, you're trained in knocking people out.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You know if you were the Boxer playbook,

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: then you could probably maybe have something that does something like that.

NICK: Well, I was— Yeah, I was specifically asking because if it was like, D&D rules and you have to do like, half of their hit points

AUSTIN: Right, no, there's none of that.

NICK: and at least, then you have to do subdue damage and blah, blah, blah.

AUSTIN: I— I've always hated that and unless you were specifically trained to do that, you know what I mean?

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: It's very hard to just knock someone out without doing permanent serious damage. Um, and it kind of works— Yeah, anyway. I don't want—

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I don't want to dissect that the way I normally would. Um…

NICK: Uh, shoot. Um… Also doesn't— Did I lose Magic Missile before?

AUSTIN: Uh… Oh right, you completely missed. What did you… No, you didn't— You didn't lose. On a complete miss, you don't have to make that choice, do you know what I mean? It doesn't—

NICK: Right, okay, yeah.

AUSTIN: 'Cause you don't get the spell. The spell effect doesn't happen, so…

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: I could've done that. That's within my power, you know what I mean? But in this case, I— I thought maybe that hit that you got was worse, you know?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You're in a bad way.

ART: Pray that he does not alter the deal further.

AUSTIN: Right.

NICK: Shoot. Uh… Do I have a clear shot at the guy down the hall that Hadrian is struggling with?

AUSTIN: Shot in what sense? Are you gonna…

NICK: For magic missiles.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can see him.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: You're not going to hit Hadrian, do you know what I mean?

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Unless you screw up real bad.

ART: This is the unexpected character death session.

NICK: God. Man, I don't— Ugh.

ART: Do what you gotta do, man. Save yourself. Don't— Don't—

NICK: Can I uh, try to knock the crossbow out of the guy's hand while he's stunned?

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can just do that.

NICK: Yeah, okay.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

NICK: That's what I'm doing.

AUSTIN: Okay, what do you do… So like, with what? Staff?

NICK: With my— With my staff.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you knock that away.

NICK: Like, baseball it.

AUSTIN: Sure. Sure, sure. You do that and the crossbow goes flying. He starts to back up, closer and closer to the door. Until his back is up against it. He's like— He's like scurrying back on his hands— Like on his butt, you know what I mean? He's like,

CROSSBOWMAN: Aaaah.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Backing up on the ground. Um, Hadrian, if— At this point, his sword is up and he's about to thrust at you. What do you do?

ART: Oh this is a sword. I was thinking this is a knife. Alright.

AUSTIN: No, no, he pulled up a sword like vertically from his belt and then put it back down to thrust forward. I'm doing hand motions as if you could see me, but we're not doing video call right now, so you can't.

ART: No, no, I get it. I'm— I'm with you. Um… Are you asking me to Defy Danger or as you asking me to—

AUSTIN: I'm asking you what you want to do. Um, I think, if you're… I don't think you have to Defy Danger, like the— Hack and Slash, as long as you're within the right like zone— Oh, actually with a— No, you guys are really close up on each other. You're within range, do you know what I mean? Like you don't have to get in past his sword, the way you normally would, if you didn't have a weapon? Like if you were out in a field, fighting, then you would have to Defy Danger to get in close enough to hit him. But you're already like, neck in, like face-to-face, here, you know?

ART: Sure. I mean, ugh, I'm in— I'm in— I'm in danger here. That's… That's a problem. Um… But like, but it's all— Combat's all I got here. Like, I can't run. There's no running, here.

AUSTIN: Uh, there is. Why not?

ART: Because what am I gonna do? I'm gonna— What, I'm gonna run for the stairs? I'm gonna run upstairs? Then I'm just more in jail.

AUSTIN: There's a front door.

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I mean, it's probably locked. It's probably locked. It's just—

ART: Yeah, unless my— Unless my weapon's sitting right there, going outside isn't worthwhile either. There's more of them outside.

AUSTIN: What was your plan? What was your plan before?

ART: You know, that I would— I would not have two people chasing me when I left.

AUSTIN: But then what?

ART: I don't know.

AUSTIN: Okay. Good plan.

ART: Intelligence is my lowest stat.

AUSTIN: That's true.

ART: Like, I knew— I knew it wasn't good outside.

AUSTIN: Uh-huh.

ART: I surrendered, hoping I would be dealt with in a honorable manner and I wasn't.

AUSTIN: Well. So what are you doing?

ART: I'm gonna— I'm gonna— fight this— I'm gonna keep fighting this guy.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Otherwise I'm gonna die here.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: So I guess I'm gonna— I'm gonna try to… I guess I want to grab him by the neck.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Like I wanna— I wanna choke this guy out.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: An 11.

AUSTIN: That's a success.

NICK: Not bad.

ART: So I can deal an extra 1d6 by exposing myself to damage?

AUSTIN: Correct.

ART: I have to choose that before I roll.

AUSTIN: Correct.

ART: I mean, people don't have a lot of hit points. He can't be that—

AUSTIN: No, they don't. He's— Yeah. 

ART: He can't be that good. 

AUSTIN: This is—

ART: Uh, I'm gonna take it. I'm gonna like, 'cause like the way to avoid damage here is like, grab him, choke him and kind of like, move? But I'm— I'm gonna crush his windpipe. And it doesn't—

AUSTIN: So you are gonna take the damage, is what you're saying?

ART: Yeah, and if it doesn't work, he'll be able to hit me with that sword.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: I'm gonna roll these dice in a dramatic— In a more dramatic way. That's the 1d4.

AUSTIN: Woof.

ART: That didn't help… That was alright.

DRE: That helped.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: And then a 5— So 11, 12.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you— you didn't even— You had it. But, you're gonna take this damage, so… I'm rolling very well tonight.

DRE: Oh Jesus.

ART: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: As you lift him up in the air, he does that thrust forward that he'd been planning with his free hand, and this like sword is in your side. Like it's in you.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Uh, and he like— and he like flails and his arm goes out. He loses— he loses his grip of the sword and then— and then he falls unconscious. Um, or dead, depending on how— how you did that.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Up to you. Which is it?

ART: Uh, what's that?

AUSTIN: Are— Are you like making sure this dude is dead?

ART: No.

AUSTIN: Okay. So you're like—

ART: He can— He can— I need him to be unconscious, and I really need him to be unconscious but I'm not going to—

AUSTIN: And it's hard to— It's hard to know where that line is. Um, but you do— 

ART: I know. I did a lot of damage.

AUSTIN: You did a lot of damage. You did— No yeah, fuck it. No he's— Yeah. You feel him go lifeless in your hand. There's no way, with that much damage. Like he was next— He was not in a good place already. So um, okay, Fantasmo, what are you doing with the guy cowering in front of you?

NICK: I am going to… I'm gonna try out a new spell that I got.

AUSTIN: Ooh. Fancy.

NICK: I'm gonna try to Charm this guy. Um.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Alright.

NICK: So I'm gonna reach out— I'm gonna reach out and touch him which I have to do for the spell.

AUSTIN: Okay, yup, you do that.

NICK: Um, like just very gently and gingerly. Um, uh, here's my spell roll. 7.

AUSTIN: That's a— That's a success. Uh, what are you doing with the spell? Are you forgetting it? Are you um… Are you drawing unwanted attention to yourself or are you— What's the third one I always forget?

NICK: Uh… Take 1 Ongoing to cast a spell.

AUSTIN: Right, -1 Ongoing to cast a spell. Right.

NICK: Yeah, yeah. Until the next time you prepare spells. Uh…

AUSTIN: So.

NICK: That's a bad thing at this low a level. 

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. 

NICK: I guess I'll forget it.

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Uh…

AUSTIN: So it's a new spell. You haven't done it many times. It's easy for you to forget that.

NICK: Yeah. Uh, so I'm gonna say to him, in very calm tones, but uh, so okay, so I guess I should read the effects of the spell. "The person, not beast or monster, you touch while casting this spell counts you as a friend until they take damage or you prove otherwise."

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Uh, so I'm going to— I'm going to say to him, in a firm but calm tone, uh…

FANTASMO: I know this man. This man is dangerous.

NICK: And I gesture to Hadrian down the hall. Um, and I say to him, uh…

FANTASMO: Quickly. Run. Run upstairs for your life. Run upstairs and tell your superiors. I heard he plans to escape to the west.

CROSSBOWMAN: Ah oh. Thanks so much. You're a real lifesaver. I'm gonna— Ah—

AUSTIN: He shakes your hand.

CROSSBOWMAN: I— We should get dinner. And like, next week. Okay. 

AUSTIN: And he heads upstairs, quickly.

DRE: Do— Do you like burgers? Oh, I gotta go.

AUSTIN: I gotta go. Gotta go— There's a good burger spot downtown that just opened up. It's—

ART: Oh, I feel bad for this guy. He's gonna be so heartbroken, when you never show up for dinner.

NICK: Um, and then I uh…

AUSTIN: How's your mom? Is everything— Are you— Okay. Uh…

NICK: Then I uh— I race down to the other end of the hall and uh, I grab Hadrian. Or not grab him, but you know. I—

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

NICK: I tell him,

FANTASMO: We must get out of here, very, very quickly. And then go east.

GOBLIN: Oi.

HADRIAN: Okay, I'm—

AUSTIN: Comes from one of the cells.

GOBLIN: Oi. You. Tall boy.

DRE: Tall boy.

ART: I— Who's the taller one? Me?

NICK: Yeah, Hadrian. Definitely.

AUSTIN: We should figure that out.

ART: Okay.

DRE: Tall boys club.

NICK: I guess we're both tall boys to the— to the goblins, probably. Yeah.

AUSTIN: To the goblins, yeah exactly.

ART: Yeah, I'm grabbing my side.

GOBLIN: Uh… Gonna let us out?

HADRIAN: Why are you in here?

GOBLIN: Why do you think? Goblins.

NICK: Do we— We don't have any…

ART: Do we want to—

GOBLIN: Doing uh… Doing experiments. Uh, they uh, hurtin' us. Not a big fan. Not a big fan of these people.

NICK: Uh…

ART: I look at Fantasmo

NICK: Does the guard that—

ART: like, like pointedly.

NICK: Does the guard that uh, Hadrian knocked out have keys on him? I guess he does 'cause he opened the door.

AUSTIN: Uh, yeah, he opened the door. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

NICK: Uh, yeah, uh. I uh, grab the keys quickly. I toss them through the bars at the goblin and I say, uh, I say,

FANTASMO: Good luck! We must go.

NICK: And then I grab Hadrian and start like pulling him down the hallway.

ART: Alright, easy. I got— I just got stabbed in the side, a bunch. I'm not a runner right now.

AUSTIN: Um…

ART: Uh, can I cast a spell real quick? I want to— I want to try a cleric spell.

AUSTIN: Ooh. Fancy.

DRE: Oh snap.

AUSTIN: What— What is it? And also how's that work?

ART: Uh…

AUSTIN: Did you have to pick that spell ahead of time? I forget how Cleric Spells work.

ART: No, the spells are just granted by my deity.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ART: Um, ooh, maybe this isn't worth it. Wait, are Rotes the same as spells?

AUSTIN: Yeah, Rotes are spells. Prepared Rotes but they're— those— So no, this is yeah. This is the thing. Yes. You— You do choose which spells.

ART: Oh, where?

AUSTIN: You're granted new spells of your choice, who's total of don't exceed your own level +1 when you Commune with your deity.

ART: Oh, plus— plus all Rotes.

AUSTIN: Plus all Rotes, yeah, yeah, yeah. Those never count against that so yes, you do have—

ART: Alright, I'm not— I mean, the spell I would've taken was uh— was Cause Fear, and that's not helpful right now.

AUSTIN: No.

ART: But I would like to ask for Guidance.

AUSTIN: Okay. Um, yeah, let's— Like, right this second? 'Cause it's gonna be— Mmm, wait for—

ART: Yeah, let's get out of the prison first. Let's get out of the prison first.

AUSTIN: It would just be the prison door, right?

NICK: I was gonna say, if Hadrian starts like praying in front of me, asking for Guidance, like Fantasmo's going to be like, "I have your guidance, we need to go!"

ART: Alright, let's get out of here.

NICK: "Your guidance is we need to go right now!"

AUSTIN: The uh— You hear the gates behind you begin to open up. Hm. And as you leave, uh, as you close the door behind you, you hear one of them say to the other,

GOBLIN: Good to have words again.

AUSTIN: And then they laugh and the door closes.

DRE: Aw man.

AUSTIN: Throndir. Uh… I guess the tone of this room at this point is cold, uh but— but steady. Like, you don't feel like you're under threat. She's basically told you that she's gonna let you go by yourself at this point. Um,

ELAHIR: You will be given one meal and sent back into those woods you chose over us. Do you have any questions.

DRE: Out-of-character, what do they— do they take all my stuff and—

AUSTIN: Yeah, you don't have shit.

DRE: Okay. I thought so. Oh god. I have a ton of questions. What questions can I ask that will be useful at this point in time?

AUSTIN: Oh, that's a solid point.

DRE: Um…

THRONDIR: What do you know about Kindrali?

ELAHIR: Who?

DRE: Hmm. I was hoping someone in the room would know that name. 

AUSTIN: They would have to have been alive back then.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You know, it's a thing where the people who knew Kindrali would've gotten that word back. Those people have all died because elves don't live long anymore.

THRONDIR: He was a creature that lived in the mountains outside of town.

ELAHIR: One of your— Hm, so you went from, being friends with people to being friends with creatures?

THRONDIR: Heh. Oh no. We weren't friends. He tried to kill us. When we def—

ELAHIR: Why are you wasting my time?

THRONDIR: When we defeated him, I found some— some special arrows that had his magic left on them. When I touch them to my fingertip, I learn things.

ELAHIR: The boy does drugs and he thinks himself a prophet.

THRONDIR: I wouldn't consider myself a prophet. You know me. I'm good with a bow. I'm good at hunting and tracking. Outside of that, I'm not good at discerning visions or figuring out what's useful. You, on the other hand, Elahir.

ELAHIR: Yes? What is it you want from me? What are you suggesting?

THRONDIR: Maybe what they showed me would be useful for you. I know that you won't have me back. I know that you consider me a traitor. But I at least want to give you one thing before I leave.

AUSTIN: I'm waiting for you to pull out a glock with the delivery you just gave on that. So you're basically suggesting that she use the arrow on you to see Kindrali's vision?

DRE: No.

AUSTIN: What are you suggesting?

DRE: On herself. On herself.

AUSTIN: I don't— That's— Those won't communicate. Like she can just do that. Like they're not— They're not connecting to Kindrali in that way. Do you know what I mean?

DRE: No, I know. I'm trying to think of a way to get an arrow involved in this room.

AUSTIN: Oh. I see. You're lying to her.

DRE: Yes.

AUSTIN: I see.

DRE: I'm absolutely lying to her.

AUSTIN: That was not clear.

DRE: Oh, I'm sorry.

AUSTIN: No, no, no.

DRE: I should've made that clear to you.

AUSTIN: No, that's— A good lie. I thought you were just confused. Um…

DRE: That— Throndir is counting on the fact that everyone thinks he is always confused. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's true.

ELAHIR: We did see some strange arrows with your belongings. I'll have a guard bring one. This should be amusing.

AUSTIN: She laughs. And after five minutes, someone comes in with that bundle of arrows. Uh, what's your father's name?

DRE: Oh, gosh what is his name?

AUSTIN: We should've thought of that when we introduced him.

DRE: We should have. Let's call him… Thelian.

AUSTIN: Thelin?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: T-H-E-L-I-N?

DRE: Uh, I-A-N.

AUSTIN: I-A-N, sorry, that's okay. Uh, write that down. Where did I just put Elahir's? There it is. Therian, you said? Or Thelian?

DRE: L.

AUSTIN: L.

DRE: T-H-E-L-I-A-N.

AUSTIN: Thelian. Elahir says,

ELAHIR: Thelian. Take one of your boy's arrows and pluck your finger on it.

AUSTIN: He… looks you in the eye as if to ask if that's safe. How do you— What do you communicate back to him, like visually?

DRE: I mean, he's not going to be hurt. I'm trying— Like I'm just trying to— Uh…

AUSTIN: This would be sort of— I feel like, I mean you haven't done this yet, right?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: And I feel like, based on how I described those arrows, this experience will be like… It'll— It'll be like having an out of body experience. Like…

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Or like, you know, yeah. It's like being aware of your own perspective in a weird way. Anyway, he does it, and it does— One of the arrows turns into those bright blue flames that flicker away, as he does it. And he's like, He lifts his hands up and sits back down.

TEHLIAN: What is this? What's going on? This is very strange. I can see the— the limits of my sight.

AUSTIN: Elahir looks at you and raises her eyebrows.

ELAHIR: What was supposed to happen, Throndir?

DRE: Um… Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. Uh, I mean, I get to ask— What do I get to ask from the— How do these arrows work? Help me out, Austin.

AUSTIN: That's what I'm saying. They don't do any— That's what— You didn't fire this arrow.

DRE: Mmm.

AUSTIN: Do you see what I mean?

DRE: Ohh…

AUSTIN: Like, your father used that arrow just now, on himself, so he has this weird, out of body experience where he's magically seeing what he normally sees. But from like a third person persp— 

NICK: Hah!

AUSTIN: You know what I mean? Like, it turns out this does feel like getting high for him. Like, you just— you just gave your dad that sticky icky. Like… He's— He's on that real kush.

DRE: Dankest.

AUSTIN: He's just the dankest. The dankest magical kush.

DRE: Aw man.

ART: I got this store here in Los Angeles.

DRE: Did they just bring the one arrow into the room? Or did they bring…

AUSTIN: No, they brought that whole— that whole collection of the magic ones, that don't like do any damage and just do weird stuff. Um, but it's clear that they're something. They don't know that it didn't do any— You know what I mean? They don't— I mean, he's not in pain, but he's clearly confused and begins kind of mumbling.

DRE: Um…

THRONDIR: Father, what did you see?

AUSTIN: He's gone, man. This is— This is— He is like— I think he starts describing the room in intense detail, you know? Um, like— And in like almost a monotone um, very detailed oriented, you know, 

THELIAN: The table is made of pine. It has been lacquered over carefully and is at least a few hundred years old. The walls are a pale shade of green. Next to me is Halamir. My hands… are on the table.

AUSTIN: Right. My— Exactly.

THELIAN: Look at the size of my hands. I have big hands. Other people have small hands.

NICK: I have large hands.

DRE: Why are my hands so big?

NICK: These are my hands.

ART: I'm freaking out, bro.

NICK: My hands can touch everything but themselves.

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly.

DRE: I'm trying—

AUSTIN: Elahir is— is beside herself. Like, she— she laughs and says,

ELAHIR: Everything about you that I— that I thought in my heart has just been confirmed. This was your big plan, to prove to me that you had some magical connections, you got your father stoned? 

DRE: Man, I didn't know that snow elves knew about getting stoned.

AUSTIN: Yo, there ain't much to do in the snow, in like the snowy woods, alright? Long nights.

DRE: How far are these arrows from me?

AUSTIN: They're near your father which is like, five feet away, six feet away.

DRE: So they're not… 

AUSTIN: You're at the table. They're not within reach. And again, like, these aren't— They wouldn't hurt anybody. These aren't damage arrows.

DRE: I know.

AUSTIN: I guess, again, they don't know that, so… Um… You—

DRE: Um, yeah.

AUSTIN: I— I mean, I guess if everybody in the room tried them and got super high… you could, get away, but…

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That would be a tough thing to convince them to do.

DRE: Well, I guess like, in Throndir's mind, he thought that like, I guess everyone in this room knows what has happened, right? They know that people are experimenting on other elves and things, right?

AUSTIN: Right, right. 

DRE: That is now common knowledge in this room.

AUSTIN: In this room. This is the room where it's common knowledge. These are the people who know that and are okay with it. Or— Or, even if they're not okay with it, no one's causing an uproar.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, and you know, you maybe just uh, you know, impaired the faculties of the one person here who could have, maybe backed you up a bit.

DRE: Perfect. Well, hey, Throndir's never the smartest— smartest elf.

AUSTIN: Yeah, that's fair. This is a good scene.

ELAHIR: Ah.

AUSTIN: She shakes her head.

ELAHIR: It's a shame this'll be the last memory your father has of you. Give him his arrows and his bow and let him go.

AUSTIN: And she— The guard lifts you up out of the chair and grabs the, kind of, quiver of arrows and leads you out the room. Unless you're resisting or something, you know, this is happening.

DRE: No, no.

AUSTIN: Uh, and back in like the main hall, someone gives you like, not your armor back but like a cloak um, for warmth. A pack of like, a day of rations, and your bow and your arrows. I think they actually carry your arrows until— they carry your arrows with them, but they do give you your bow back to like strap to your body. Um, yeah. Meanwhile, you guys are going east?

DRE: Oh boy.

ART: Oh, we got— we got out of the rest of the prison without a problem?

AUSTIN: The front door is right there.

ART: They got two guards this whole prison?

AUSTIN: They ain't—

ART: I mean, don't make me fight more people.

AUSTIN: They have five prisoners on this floor, you know? Like…

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: There's a town of 800 and all of their prisoners are goblins, you know? This isn't a— Crime isn't much of a problem here. Um…

ART: Yeah, I mean, I think if we think we can get out of here unmolested, we should— we should do it.

AUSTIN: I think this is like, offset enough from— from the city where like, 'cause it's kind of an eyesore, to where you guys can head—

ART: Yeah, who wants to live over there.

AUSTIN: You'll hit a wall, again, um, but you figure you can figure that out when you get there, you know.

ART: Yeah, I've climbed stuff before.

AUSTIN: So you head east. I think it probably picks up into woods again. These are like, tended woods, um, on the inside of this— uh, of the walls. It's almost like they let game live here to— to hunt in case they didn't have enough stuff from outside the walls. They always have like a… there's some deer here and there's some you know, other like elk or whatever. Um, and eventually you do. You hit a wall, uh and you can even see, even close up against that wall, you see the tower uh, past it. You know, you're a day from the tower at this point and it's massive. Uh, so much that again, you're right up against the wall and you can still make out the tower behind it. That's how tall it is. Um… I'm gonna say, for sake of convenience, you're able to find a part of the wall that's is maybe a little loose, maybe the— they could've made it stronger— They could've made it with a stronger wood, here. Um, it's— it's between the snow and some animals and maybe some termites or something, it's been eaten through pretty badly and it's a tight squeeze but you're able to get out. Um… 

ART: Uh, I mean…

AUSTIN: Actually, wait. Let me revise all of that because now I just realized how this can fit into another thing that I have already written down. You find a hole that has clearly been put there.

ART: Mmm.

AUSTIN: And, you can tell that this break was recent. Like there are scraps and splinters on the— in the snow around it.

ART: Mmm. Well that's— that's bad. I mean, I don't care.

AUSTIN: Throndir is taken to the front gate and they close the door behind you. And then they toss your arrows down to you from the tower, their bows trained on you. Kodiak barks and runs up to you and like licks you. 

DRE: Hmm… Yeah, I think—

AUSTIN: You saw some people you knew on the way out, that gave you looks that ranged, I think, from pity to disdain to, uh… one or two nostalgic glances. Like… But all of them had a sense of sadness.

DRE: Woof. So much for Throndir's dreams of the returning hero, huh.

AUSTIN: I mean, yeah. For now at least.

DRE: Yeah. I mean, yeah, there's nothing for him to do except to start making his way around the city to the tower.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. Uh as far as you know, I mean, you don't even know where anyone is, right? Like…

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So I guess, is your thought that like, well, you can trust them to get out or to— I guess I don't, you think that— that Fantasmo's gone, right? You think that he retreated and you imagine that— You have no idea where Hadrian is. You have no idea where they took him.

DRE: Hmm.

AUSTIN: Um, but yeah, let's say Kodiak is definitely, and leading you around the to— Like, leading you slowly around the wall.

DRE: Hmm.

AUSTIN: At some distance. At some distance. Like they're not gonna let you just walk the— the— you know, the circumference of the wall. Circumference? Is that the right word? No.

ART: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah?

NICK: Perimeter.

ART: Perimeter? Perimeter.

AUSTIN: Perimeter.

ART: Perimeter is when you— Circumference is still right. Circumference is the outer edge of a circle.

AUSTIN: Okay, yeah. Great. I— I know words.

ART: Um. Whereas, yo Hadrian's preparing his next— his next, you know, thing, right? Like, we gotta go back in there. We gotta…

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: We gotta rescue— I still haven't done what I went in there to do.

AUSTIN: I'm gonna say— Well, are you doing any sort of patching up.

ART: Oh, I need all my— Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: Well, first I was gonna— I was gonna Lay on Hands Fantasmo and hope I don't die.

AUSTIN: Okay, do that. Tell me what that looks like.

ART: Uh, I— I see that he's hurt. You know, we're both hurt but it's like— Like I try to like settle him, like I can— I can help. I can do this. Let me— Let me heal you.

NICK: Wait, how many— How many times can you cast that?

ART: Infinity.

AUSTIN: Yeah but—

ART: But if I roll a 7 - 9, I take your damage onto me.

NICK: Oh, huh…

ART: And I want you to know, that I can mess this up once and then I'm in dying range.

AUSTIN: Wait, what are you at?

ART: I'm at 9.

AUSTIN: Oh, then you're in dying range. You won't be dead.

ART: Right if I fuck up—

NICK: If you— 

ART: If I fuck up twice, I die.

NICK: If you fail and take my damage, you— That will be enough to kill you.

AUSTIN: No, that's not—

ART: No, no, no. 'Cause I can only— I can only heal a d8.

NICK: Oh, I see.

AUSTIN: So— So even if he fucks up bad, the worst thing that could happen would be, that they— that he's down to 1 HP.

ART: But I need Fantasmo to be healthy 'cause I need someone to go back in and get my stuff.

NICK: Well, but I can just turn invisible. Like, I don't—

ART: But you should be— You should be healthy. You should have more hit points when you do that. What if something bad happens?

NICK: Uh, okay.

ART: Those are— Those are precious items. And what if I nail it? What if I don't fuck this roll up? Like, I didn't, see.

AUSTIN: Nice, look at that.

ART: You— You just generated health.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: Give me that heal roll. Look at that. There you go, you take 5 back. You feel the wound in your— in your gut kind of stitch itself back up. And there is a warmth to this that you don't feel um, in your own magic. There's a presence there, do you know what I mean? There's a…

NICK: Sure, yeah.

AUSTIN: You can feel— You can feel a third hand. Uh… 

NICK: Ugh.

AUSTIN: An authority. Yeah, it's gross. You can feel that there is a presence here. This isn't just— This isn't like taking medicine, this isn't like casting a spell. This is those— There's something divine about this, and I'm trying not to use the word divine to describe it.

NICK: Yeah. No, I understand. It's important— That's an important— I appreciate that description, too, because it's important for Fantasmo to experience.

AUSTIN: Right. This is the first time he's felt that right?

NICK: Right, yeah.

AUSTIN: Like, when Art is doing— When Hadrian is doing the I am the Law stuff or any of his other Paladin shit, that may as well just be regular magic, you know? Um…

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: But this feels different.

ART: I'm curious what I am the Law feels like to the people it's happening to.

AUSTIN: Yeah, me too. I think it's— I think it's this. I think there is a presence. Literally, it feels like there is another person. Like there's something bigger and heavier, um, or not, you know. Maybe something even conceptual, but a concept that has presence, do you know what I mean? Like, like, what a— What an Olympian feels when the national anthem plays? How like, there's a weight to that feeling? I'm not saying that it's the same thing but there's the way a concept can carry a physical reaction that isn't just, "Oh yeah, that's a thing I know." Um, uh… Like hearing— Like hearing, you know, the song that you and your partner, you and your ex used to listen to a lot. That sort of a presence. Um…

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: While you're doing this, and I'm gonna say as— as Throndir is kind of coming to the halfway point around the circumference of this thing, it— it's about sunset now. Been some time. You hear a loud explosion. And smoke begins rising from Auniq.

DRE: Oh goblins.

NICK: Heh-heh.

AUSTIN: What do you do? And on the way, how are we feeling right now? Do we want to take a break? Do we want to call it here?

NICK: I could use a break.

AUSTIN: How— How— What are we having us?

ART: We could— We could have a break and then we come back from the break, we could discuss if that break is— is it.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I'm fine with that. Uh, how are we feeling? It's 8:20. What are we…

DRE: I mean, I'm good to keep going, but whatever.

AUSTIN: Um I think that there's—

NICK: Um.

AUSTIN: A lot of this—

ART: I've hit a second wind.

AUSTIN: A lot of this depends on how far we want to go. And like, what your aims are, I think. Which is to say, I think that there is… I think that there is a stop— I think that this— I think we get to a stopping point in the next five minutes, the next, if you're— if we plan on going back in, we should stop, probably. Um, probably. I guess, I don't know, what do you guys— what do you guys wanna do and then I'll talk— I'll suggest like how much time is left.

NICK: Well, let me— let me go the other way. I probably have about like maybe another thirty minutes in me.

AUSTIN: Right. Right, right, right. Yeah, no, that's— that's fair. Um… If… Phew. Hm.

DRE: I just figured that we at least need to get Hadrian's stuff back.

ART: Hadrian needs to get his stuff back.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Hadrian can't go to the tower with no weapon and no armor. That's just— That's just how Hadrian dies at that tower.

AUSTIN: I do want to communicate that it's really hard. Like, okay. So what's your plan? Like how are you gonna go get that stuff?

ART: I mean something— Did only— Did only Throndir hear the explosion or did all of us? How big is this explosion?

AUSTIN: No everybody— Everybody heard the explosion but what I'm saying is like, where do you think that stuff is?

NICK: I'd assume it's back in the jail.

AUSTIN: It's not in the jail.

NICK: Right?

AUSTIN: They did not bring it in with him.

NICK: Oh.

AUSTIN: That's— Remember? Like they didn't bring the stuff in…

NICK: Oh, that's right. Yeah, I guess…

AUSTIN: So— So you can— There is— I know where it is. Um, it exists in a place.

ART: That's a start. Um…

DRE: Would Throndir— Did Throndir see anything or would he—

AUSTIN: Throndir didn't see anything. Throndir might suspect that it was with his stuff. Which was within reach of the—

DRE: The central…

AUSTIN: the central building, with the kind of council hall.

ART: I mean, just to go back on the buffoon squad, uh narrative.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ART: Um, things aren't going real well, right?

AUSTIN: No. No.

ART: Uh, in there, uh, maybe they'd be willing to see reason now.

AUSTIN: You're crazy. I don't use that word, but I'm using that word.

ART: I know.

AUSTIN: That's— You're not thinking straight.

ART: I've proven myself to be an— an able— You know, they need bodies right now I think and I'm good at that.

AUSTIN: There's— Yeah, I— Yeah, maybe. Maybe that could—

ART: Alternatively, if it's the goblins who are doing this, and it probably is, we were just friends with the goblins. If the goblins are gonna take— if the goblins are gonna sack this town, maybe they would give me my stuff back 'cause I freed a bunch of them from that jail.

AUSTIN: I'm trying to think how much you know or think about this.

DRE: There weren't a lot of—

AUSTIN: Like… There— There's a conflict here, you know. Earlier it was very clear that Hadrian came to the conclusion that there was no way they were going to successfully sack that town. Raid that town.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: You know, you don't know what's happening there. You heard a loud bang. There's smoke. It feels… I'm not convinced that Hadrian now thinks he can now go into this town where he has no idea where his shit is and find it and like, I don't— I don't see that process happening in the same man, who hours ago said, "No, there's no way we can— we can— There's no way we can deal with these eight people, let alone the 800 behind those walls." Do you see what I mean?

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: I'm trying to get into his headspace and I— and I'm trying to make sure that we think through it genuinely. And I don't know what this answer is here.

ART: I guess it's— it's— Without those things, and especially that— you know, that holy item which I think is very important to him.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ART: I don't see— I don't see him walking out of the tower. Right? Like the other option is let's just go to the tower.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: And that's not…

AUSTIN: I don't know. I mean this is the guy, who you know, twenty minutes ago you were saying, "Hadrian— Hadrian has that in him. It's not the holy symbol." Remember? Like…

ART: Right

AUSTIN: I don't— I think this is an interesting dilemma to be in. And I don't— Again, your stuff exists, I know where it is.

ART: The holy energy might be within me. But the— the sharp bits are— are in the halberd.

AUSTIN: I mean, that's also not true because of the way this system works, right?

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: You'll do d10 damage…

DRE: Unless you don't make it to that tower.

AUSTIN: Chyeah. Yeah, you'll do d10 damage with an elbow if you want. Obviously the— the halberd is the +1 um…

ART: Well, the armor's more useful than the halberd, honestly. I didn't have clever…

AUSTIN: Yeah, the armor is really nice.

ART: I didn't have a clever saying for that. Thanks for making— Thanks for making a point of it.

AUSTIN: No, that's— that's… Um, one second. Um… So I don't— Again, it's tough because on one hand, we can play that game. We can play the game where you raid the town to find your stuff and maybe get to the bottom of what's happening there with the explosion. I am totally ready for that game. That's a game we should play next week or the week after. Um… That's way more intense. 

ART: On the other hand like I don't wanna— I don't wanna Shanghai this group, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: You'll forgive what I'm sure is a more racist than I— than I gave it casual thought just now. Um, like there's no way that has— that has good origins right?

AUSTIN: No, it's bad. Yeah, it's bad.

DRE: Yeah, no.

ART: Yeah, uh. Like best case scenario, that's just a reference to something terrible, right?

AUSTIN: Right. Best. Best case. Um so yeah no, I think that that is… I think "there is an explosion and there is smoke and fire," is a really good way to end if the plan is to go back in and keep digging. Uh, if not, I know where I'd like to end this if you do decide to go back south, towards the tower.

NICK: I mean…

AUSTIN: Uh, I think both of those things, like if I'm gonna put it all again, like one of the things that I like about this is I like being able to put everything out on the table. And we can talk about what makes the most— is the most interesting. Part of me likes the idea that in picking up this connection to Samothes and gaining the Cleric powers, we'd end this session with you without your armor without your weapon. Right? There is this kind of like, 'knight of the faith' image where— where you know, even without my armor and my arms I'm still the walking power of my god. And I like that image a lot. So part of me wants to push towards that.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: On the other hand, the like, let's raid this town and figure out what these elves are doing and dig deeper into that situation is also really cool and— and we could go in that direction. Um…

ART: But that's— that's a very dangerous direction.

AUSTIN: It is. I—

ART: Right?

AUSTIN: Yes, I have done my best to not kill you this game. And still it's been very tight. There have been a number of situations.

ART: Well, we've— We've— We've rolled very badly. Um…

AUSTIN: You have. And I've rolled super well. I don't think I've— I think I've hit top damage like four times now.

ART: Like I guess, I guess the end point I would like to see for this game, if it's realistic is you know, could the three of us be in the same place and just talk about what's next?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Um, that means…

ART: Using— Using the things we're talking about right now.

AUSTIN: Yes, that means there will be time that passes after this explosion. Like, um, you know what, you should probably do that thing you said you wanted to do before. Guidance.

ART: Oh sure.

AUSTIN: That could help.

ART: Uh, but now I've forgotten how that works.

AUSTIN: It's a… Roll Wisdom.

ART: It's just roll Wisdom

AUSTIN: Almost certainly.

ART: and then bad things happen if I fuck it up, but you know, let's—

AUSTIN: One thing at a time.

ART: And my Wisdom's not very good.

AUSTIN: Oh boy. It'll get better.

ART: Yay! Wait, what, no, that's not right. I rolled a 4.

AUSTIN: No, that's bad. Why did you say… Why did you say, "Yay?"

ART: I— I was— I had scrolled up. I was checking for stuff and I hit roll and it like skipped own but it didn't skip down to my roll. It like skipped down to a roll I'd succeeded.

AUSTIN: Alright.

ART: In a weird attempt at Roll20 to trick me.

AUSTIN: Man, okay, so that— that spell which you failed just now says, "The symbol of your deity appears before you and gestures towards the direction or course of action your deity would have you take, then disappears. The message is through gesture only. Your communication through the spell is severely limited." Um…

ART: What happens if you don't hit a 7 though? Like it's—

AUSTIN: Right. Right, right, right.

ART: "7 - 9, the spell is cast but choose one…"

AUSTIN: Right, on…

ART: Below 7 is just some GM stuff?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Below— A fail is, I get to make a move as hard as I want.

ART: Okay.

AUSTIN: I have a list of moves. I'm not supposed to ever tell you about that. It's a secret.

ART: I mean, it's in the book I have, right?

AUSTIN: Yes, it is in the book. Um… One of the rules is…

ART: I mean I'm not reading them because of— because of decorum but…

AUSTIN: Uh… This is something I wanted to incorporate with a different move. With Discern Realities. Um, someone, Felan Parker on twitter, a games academic up in Canada, suggested and reminded me of something that was— that was in Apocalypse World. I think it was originally in Apocalypse World. Oh, it was also in the original draft of Dungeon World. In Discern Realities, uh, or any of those moves like that, one of the things that was suggested was on a failure, tell them something wrong and they get +1 Forward for acting on that information. Uh…

DRE: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: So, the spell does succeed and um…

ART: Great. 

AUSTIN: What's this look like? What's— What's Samothes's Guidance look like?

ART: Uh, well…

AUSTIN: And I want to be clear, this is happening.

ART: We're gonna use up all of Nick's half hour talking about what I think this might look like.

AUSTIN: I know.

ART: Uh…

AUSTIN: I'll just tell you then, if that's fine.

ART: I mean, sure. I mean, the short answer is some sort of— some sort of crown, right?

AUSTIN: Oh, I see. I was thinking—

ART: The crown is the symbol I was most gone for.

AUSTIN: I was thinking of something more natural.

ART: What we go for that smiling dude.

AUSTIN: I was thinking of this— of a— just a beam of sunlight.

ART: Oh, sure.

AUSTIN: Like something very simple in this case, where it's— it's the sun is setting, um, behind you and it catches um the trees in such a way that a beam of light points you towards the tower. Take +1 Forward if you go that way. Um, so you get a +1 that you can pay off on.

ART: And we're— In the future we're gonna have to— we're gonna have to discuss exactly what that means but okay.

AUSTIN: It's just a bonus. It's just +1 on your next roll, on acting as if this is the place that Samothes wants you to go. 

ART: Okay. So if we go to the to— Okay, okay.

AUSTIN: I want to be clear. I just want to be clear, you believe this is where Samothes wants you to go and this is a divine symbol. This is divinity guiding you this way.

ART: Absolutely.

AUSTIN: I'm saying that that is a metaphysical truth, not that that's Samothes wanting you to go that way. Um…

ART: I'm— I'm— You might've lost me but okay.

AUSTIN: You're being guided there by a divine presence. That divine presence is not Samothes.

ART: Okay so— So this— Okay, but it's not just a coincidence.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

ART: It's not just like, "Oh that was just the setting sun, dummy."

AUSTIN: You're not just misreading. Again there's a presence there. You can confirm that that felt like a god leading you. Uh…

ART: Great.

AUSTIN: During all this, during the Lay on Hands, I feel like you guys have probably like taken some time to get your shit together. Let's just bring you all together. Throndir is there.

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Y'all friends again.

FANTASMO: Hey, hey, hey.

AUSTIN: Wow. You picked up some new language in prison. That's…

ART: Look, prison changes a man.

HADRIAN: Well that was. That was an unmitigated disaster.

DRE: I would imagine that Throndir just has just this— just this aura of shame about him. That he's— his shoulders are slumped and he just— he can't look either of you in the eye.

HADRIAN: We've all— We've lost important things today. Except Fantasmo. Who…

THRONDIR: I don't know. He lost part of his stomach.

HADRIAN: Well and perhaps he lost a bit of his… I was going to say arrogance but that's certainly not true. Um… Yeah, we've all— we've all been humbled today. Don't—

FANTASMO: I lost nothing.

HADRIAN: You don't need to take it so personally.

FANTASMO: In— In fact—

HADRIAN: You got— You got stabbed really badly.

FANTASMO: I still saved your ass.

HADRIAN: Oh right. I'm trying to make— I'm trying to make the kid feel better.

FANTASMO: Oh. Oh right. Uh… At least you're… still… have both of your arms.

AUSTIN: This guy.

HADRIAN: Good— Good point.

DRE: I would imagine at that point, Throndir can't do anything else but laugh. Like the absurdity of everything. 

THRONDIR: So what do we do? Hadrian, we have to get your stuff back, right?

HADRIAN: I— I don't believe that that's my path right now. I believe I'm being— I'm being pointed toward the tower. We can— We can— I don't know. I was gonna say we can come back later. We can—

NICK: Did we— Did we see the sun beam also? Or is it— is it clear to

AUSTIN: Let me read the move.

NICK: Fantasmo and/or Throndir that that was at least what Hadrian believes to be his holy guidance?

ART: Good question.

AUSTIN: I think everyone— It's not— It's not super clear here. I think every— Hm. I think everyone—

ART: I mean, if it was—

NICK: Here's— Here's a better question. Did we— Is there like a— Is there like an audible prayer? Like, do I know that he asked Samothes for guidance?

AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, no. He does— He yes, he asked for Guidance.

NICK: Okay.

ART: Yeah. 

AUSTIN: Yeah. Um…

ART: I've asked— I've asked for Guidance and I was pointed—

AUSTIN: And there is that— Again there is that brief presence that you felt before. That both of you felt before when he laid on hands, so maybe that could tilt your— your experience a little bit from what you expected.

DRE: Austin.

AUSTIN: Andrew.

DRE: I— I would like to use Kindrali's Chosen on the tower.

AUSTIN: Sure.

DRE: To see if I can learn anything about the tower.

AUSTIN: Absolutely.

DRE: And actually roll something for the first time, in this session.

AUSTIN: Wait, really? Jeez.

DRE: Yeah. Yeah. Uh, an 8.

AUSTIN: Uh, and Kindrali's Chosen, as we wrote it says… Uh, "On a 7 - 9, you get something interesting but without an explanation of its use." Um, the vision— Here's what you see. You see goblins and snow elves raising this wall. It's— It's a hot summer's day which is a sharp contrast to what it is now. People are sweating. People are handing water to each other. Everyone is working. Kindrali— You're seeing it from Kindrali's perspective. He's tall. He's taller than everyone else here, right? Um, and at this moment he's carrying a big log over to slam into the ground to be a— to be the edge of this section of the wall. Uh, and the tower is standing in the distance, high above everything else. And, something briefly catches in the sun, and all at once the earth shakes. And what— what seemed like a symbol of absolute dominance and power, that something so big could— could exist at all, becomes a symbol of vulnerability, as it cracks. First down the center and then, as it nears the base, around its circumference. Kindrali turns and shouts for everyone to go inside. To run back to the town that they just built. Everything was fresh then. There is no snow here. And he looks back over his shoulder one more time as he sees the tower he's— You feel it in him that he is praying to himself that it does not fall on them. Because it would be so easy to have everything they worked for destroyed in a second. But it doesn't. It falls long ways, it falls from away from— or not away from but it falls— it falls parallel to that and he… he says, at the very end of the memory,

KINDRALI: By Samot.

DRE: So what I'm seeing— Like, I'm— I'm seeing that, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah. This is a memory that you recall.

DRE: Yeah. Well, um, I mean, I relay that to… I tell them what I see, or what I saw.

AUSTIN: Also, this definitely comes to you. Like this isn't a— At this point you're not really— This is the first time it's really, really happened in such clarity and detail. And I want it to be— It's almost involuntary. It's like, you see the thing. You see the tower at this distance and it comes together for you.

DRE: Yeah. I could imagine for like the past couple of moments, that I just— Like Throndir just kinda glazed over.

AUSTIN: Yeah, totally. So you guys head out, off in that direction?

ART: Oh. Fuck dammit.

NICK: Uh. 

AUSTIN: We're really close to a point on which we can end on.

ART: I mean that's—

AUSTIN: And we could end here, if we had to, but— but I would like to get this one last roll out and then we can deal with the tower tomorrow or next week, or the week after.

ART: Alright. This— This—

NICK: What?

AUSTIN: What's up?

ART: Oh, go ahead Nick?

NICK: No, I was gonna ask what was the 'Fuck dammit.'

ART: I'm— I need— I need to know what this— this Samot stuff is and I can't and it drives me fucking crazy.

AUSTIN: I'm doing my job.

ART: I know it's a thing. I know it's really bad. I know that when I find out, I'm gonna be pissed and I'm pissed in advance. I'm trying to be angry now to spread it out so when this— when this falls on my head, I can be more calm then.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm.

ART: But bad shit's gonna happen. It's gonna happen to all of us. And it's gonna be at least partially my fault and I'm uh…

NICK: I have a feeling that Austin is grinning real big right now.

AUSTIN: I— Uh, yeah. I'm doing my job right, is what it sounds like. Um,

ART: So you know. 

AUSTIN: you just take off. You start heading towards the tower. It gets…

ART: I mean, what he said troubles me, right?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: 'Cause like— Like I know that there's something I don't know and I know it's something big.

AUSTIN: Yup. 

ART: And I hate that that's connected to this, but yeah, I believe that it is— I believe that I've been shown by a divine power that my place is at that tower.

AUSTIN: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um, it gets— It gets colder than anyone here has ever felt before. Blizzard conditions pickup as you get closer and closer and closer. You're trudging through ice that feels like cold steel against your face, you know. It's not so much snowing here as it is— as ice is dropping from the sky. But something is pulling you forward and if you can just get through this? You feel an impossible warmth closer to the tower and you think you see green. And everybody roll +Con. On a 10+, you successfully push through the worst of the Erasure's winter effects, suffering no additional damage. On a 7 - 9, take 1d4 damage and on a 6 or under, you'll gain the Sick Debility and take 1d6 damage.

DRE: Whoop, there we go.

AUSTIN: Uh, Andrew failed. Art succeeded. Nick failed.

NICK: And I failed.

AUSTIN: Alright, so this is—

ART: This supersedes my immunity to cold, I assume.

AUSTIN: Oh actually, no you're fine.

ART: Or this doesn't matter 'cause I succeeded but…

AUSTIN: No, you're fine, anyway.

ART: Alright.

AUSTIN: Um, yeah. I forgot about your immunity to cold. Yeah, this isn't— This is… It's still unpleasant, you know?

ART: This— This seems like existentially unpleasant, like regardless of whether or not…

AUSTIN: Yeah, but you're not going to take damage from it.

ART: Right.

AUSTIN: It is bad. This is for, whoever rolled first, Nick? Nick, take 2 and gain the uh, Sick Debility? What was that beep? Did anybody else just hear that weird beep?

NICK: Yeah, I heard it too.

AUSTIN: Uh, somebody—

ART: Yeah, it's not— That's not a roll thing?

AUSTIN: Oh maybe it was a roll thing. I just worry that something stopped recording. And then here is Andrew. Here it is.

NICK: Oh, I heard a beep in addition to the roll thing.

AUSTIN: Oh, okay. Hm.

NICK: I heard like a…

ART: Could everyone just quickly check that they're recording?

NICK: I'm still recording.

AUSTIN: Yeah, we're all— Me too.

NICK: I can— I can see it.

DRE: Yeah, I'm still good.

AUSTIN: Everything is great. Um…

ART: Yeah, me too.

AUSTIN: Um, and Throndir take 5.

DRE: 5.

AUSTIN: Yup. But you do. You push through and suddenly you're out of the storm, and through the— once you're past the snow and the ice, once your vision clears, you're in a field. You're a hundred yards or so away from the tower and it's beautiful. The sun is out, there are flowers blooming. There are trees here that— that, you know, would be dead easily in the climate you just passed through.

DRE: Hmm.

AUSTIN: And, strange of all, you see two figures, looking at the tower, off in the distance. One of them is— is big, bulky, balding, grey skin, firm tusks. The other, Fantasmo, you recognize her instantly. You would obviously recognize that frizzy blonde hair anywhere. Um, this is— this is someone you knew back at the university.

NICK: Huh.

AUSTIN: If you were the one who always uh, stuck in the, with your nose in the books and didn't have any practical experience, she was the one who was always off on some adventure or another. She didn't really pay much mind to traditional magical theory. She kinda figured it out as she went along. Um, and there was a friendly rivalry between the two of you but haven't seen her since the tower fell. Since your tower, excuse me.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: Since your university fell. But here she is, and here is this orc. And here you are, in a thing like— like paradise, compared to where you just were. One of them turns and puts their hands over, uh— The orc turns and puts his hands over his eyes to look at you and waves. It's a— It's a friendly gesture, but and a confident one. It's the sort of wave that you make when you're not threatened. When, whatever this thing— Whatever this thing that just fell into your lap is, they're nothing. They're not a big deal. Come over, we'll talk.

ART: Finally some fucking civility.

DRE: Right.

AUSTIN: As you get closer and closer, there is, a strange juxtaposition. On one hand, the climate and your environment is beautiful and it brings peace. There are butterflies here and birds are chirping and there are wild berries on bushes. There's kind of a— Some light rolling hills to the north where the tower has been broken in many places. It almost looks like the tower caused the hills.

ART: Um, I'm sorry, I don't mean to break momentum

AUSTIN: No, it's fine.

ART: but uh, uh… Is this just as foreign as winter?

AUSTIN: Yes, sorry. Thank you for asking that. Not as foreign in the sense that it is… Um, the area near the halfling place is warmer, but this is the best spring day you've ever felt, do you know what I mean?

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Um, and in that way, yeah, there is— there is something alien about this. There is something… you know, there are hot days and there are— and there are cooler days. But there is rarely that nice spring day feel where like, you can just do anything today, you know? And that's what this feels like. But the other hand of the juxtaposition is the presence of the tower. It is— It is uh, a tall— Uh, it's tall even though it's on it's side and it— it's not casting a shadow now because the sun is to the west but um, it's size alone is just so magnificent and so strange, that you feel almost dominated by its presence. Um, and it— There's no movement there but it feels— it feels inhabited. In fact, maybe it's unfair to say that there's no movement there. As you approach, off in the distance, to the north where it's fallen—It's fallen kind of south to north—Um, up towards the hills, you swear for a brief moment that… that you see more bodies moving, near the tower.

NICK: Hmm.

AUSTIN: They look like they— It's hard to tell if what they're doing— If they're… It's hard to tell if they're sentient beings, if they're sentient people, or if they're creatures from this distance, they're so far off. Um, but something just feels off about them. Something feels weird, something feels strange about this whole place. Um, finally, when you— when you get within… sight, you know kind of facial recognition of the two in front of you, the orc, Uklan, laughs,

UKLAN: Ah you finally made it. Glad you'll be joining us, after all. We were worried for you for awhile there. We'd thought maybe those elves had uh, been the end of you.

AUSTIN: And I think we should end it there.

DRE: Yeah.

ART: You wanna quickly tell me what here is evil?

AUSTIN: Um, nothing. Well, the tower.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: The tower is. The tower is like—

ART: Somewhere, wherever she is, Hella.

DRE: Hella is also evil. Metaphysically.

AUSTIN: Metaphysically speaking, Hella, yeah. And— And that's it, yeah. Let's come back in a week or two and we'll— we'll figure out why this tower is evil.

DRE: Woof.

ART: Sure.

AUSTIN: Let's do wrap-up. This is gonna be a low XP wrap up, I think.

DRE: Yeeeup.

ART: Yeah, we didn't— we didn't do great.

AUSTIN: This is a bad one. This is rough. We should— Man. Alright, end of session. "Choose one bond that you think is resolved, completely explored, no longer relevant or otherwise. Ask the player of the character that you have the bond with if they agree. If they do, mark XP and write a new bond with whomever you wish." Uh, what do you guys think?

NICK: Did anyone have a bond where they expected Fantasmo to totally screw over the entire party?

ART: No.

DRE: No.

ART: I had "Fantasmo saved my life, returned my faith to me. I owe him one." And I don't think that that owing you one is— is—

AUSTIN: Payed off yet.

ART: is paid off by letting be a colossal dick there toward the end. 

DRE: If anything, you owe him two now.

ART: I do— I was doing better than there than I think I'm being given credit for.

DRE: I don't know if— Yeah. I don't think—

AUSTIN: Fantasmo…

DRE: I don't think anything really changed for me.

AUSTIN: Do you still feel like Hadrian is woefully misinformed about the world?

NICK: Uh…

AUSTIN: And do you think that there is still much to learn of Throndir's past and people? Or do you think that those two— Okay.

NICK: Yeah, I definitely— I think there's— I think there's even more to learn about Throndir now that I've uh— Like this just raised more questions.

AUSTIN: Right, right.

NICK: This didn't answer anything about the snow elves. Um, I— And I don't think feeling— Like the… I think Fantasmo is still gonna rational— ration— Somehow rationalize what he felt in the like feeling the other presence when Hadrian Laid on Hands.

AUSTIN: Sure.

NICK: Uh. I don't think that was enough, quite enough like, hard and fast proof for him, yet.

AUSTIN: Agreed, agreed. That sort of rationalization is really important. I was just— I was just telling Janine, you beat Fantasy Life this week, right, Nick?

NICK: Yes, yeah.

AUSTIN: There's that character who's kind of a racist asshole in that game, about the people who are brown in that game.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Um, the guy who's like, he's a hero. And there's a scene with him, after the main thrust of his— of his first interaction, where he wants to still believe that these people are bad innately.

NICK: Yup.

AUSTIN: And he's like, struggling to come up with any rationalization. Um, and I love that because that never happens in games. Bad people in games like that, who have like good intentions, almost always get the scales fall from their eyes. You know, they're, "Oh, no, I was bad all along, oh no."

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: "They're just people like me." And there are not enough super racist uncles in games who never learn that.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: It's really convenient to pretend like everybody can be reasoned with and eventually they'll see the error of their ways.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: But some people are, you know. Some people will always think that the war in Iraq was the right call. They'll invent new reasons, right?

NICK: Mm-hmm. Yeah.

AUSTIN: And I kind of like that it's not as easy for— for Fantasmo to suddenly think, "Oh yeah, well. Hadrian's right. Of course Ha— There's, you know, of course Samothes exists. I felt it that time." Like, no, he would definitely start thinking hard about like, what different sort of spell effects can create the feeling of presence, you know?

NICK: Right, yeah, yeah. Totally.

ART: I can't believe it took you so long to beat Fantasy Life. That game's been out for like, three months now or something.

AUSTIN: It hasn't— Oh, fuck. Goddammit. Great.

NICK: I mean, look. I wanted to max out all of the— I wanted to master every one of the lives before I finished the story.

AUSTIN: Right. And you got that second DLC pack.

NICK: Actually— That yeah— The second Can't wait for that third one.

AUSTIN: Yup.

NICK: Uh…

AUSTIN: Alright, so bonds. It sounds like no one's changing bonds.

ART: No.

AUSTIN: Confirmed. Okay, next. Um…

NICK: Yup, nope.

AUSTIN: "Once bonds are updated, look at your alignment. If you fulfilled that alignment at least once in this session, mark XP."

ART: Ugh, I specifically didn't.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you specifically didn't. You specifically…

ART: You gave me a chance and I didn't do it.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ART: I mean, I rationalized it in two different ways.

AUSTIN: You did.

ART: One, they weren't criminals.

AUSTIN: Well. Crime's tricky.

ART: I mean, it comes down a lot to— to yeah, what I believe the legal authority there was. Um, like I don't know if it's a morally relativistic legal definition.

AUSTIN: Oh boy.

ART: But they certainly weren't— They almost certainly weren't believers.

AUSTIN: Right.

ART: Which is where it all falls apart. But I let Fantasmo make the choice so that I didn't have to specifically disobey my alignment. But I— I have to consider all of that.

AUSTIN: Yeah, alright.

ART: I might have the wrong alignment.

AUSTIN: You might. We reworked Hella's. She's still evil but we reworked it to be something more actionable, um so…

NICK: Also, for the record, I want to make it clear, because it probably wasn't clear, uh at the time 'cause I was trying to rush out of there as quickly as possible. But Fantasmo didn't set those goblins free to be a nice guy. Uh…

AUSTIN: Okay.

NICK: Like, he— He also didn't necessarily like, not set them free. Like, didn't— he wouldn't have given a shit either way. He was specifically thought uh, "Yes, goblins running around? That's a great distraction."

AUSTIN: Right, right. Um…

DRE: Man, I didn't— I mean, you all set something free from literal bonds.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it was close. If you had been there instead. Yeah.

DRE: But I did not.

AUSTIN: Uh, alright. Next is these questions. "Did we learn something new and important about the world?"

DRE: I mean, I saw the vision about the tower.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

DRE: It was something from pre-Erasure.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but I don't want to just give you XP every time you use that ability.

DRE: Yeah, that's fair.

AUSTIN: You know what I mean? What did you learn?

DRE: Yeah.

AUSTIN: You— Like, that's not— You know.

ART: I mean, maybe— But maybe Throndir did learn stuff in there? 

AUSTIN: Well, what did he learn? If he can answer— 

ART: I don't know. I don't know what's— what's important in there.

AUSTIN: I guess that's the question is, if you can answer the question, what new and important thing about the world did you learn that you didn't already know.

DRE: Um…

ART: Um…

DRE: I mean, I think in Throndir's mind, he thinks the tower is inexplicably linked with the origin of the Erasure and what caused it to happen.

AUSTIN: They knew that. We knew that there was a connections.

DRE: Mm. Okay.

AUSTIN: Like, I think. Uh, maybe not. Maybe that wasn't a thing that you intuited. But like, you knew that was the center of the Erasure and that you were going there. You know, like that was…

DRE: Yeah, yeah.

AUSTIN: Now, if you figured out why it fell or what it was or something like that, then I think you have a super strong case.

DRE: Um, yeah.

AUSTIN: There might even be a case here to say like, oh there's some association that you can make but like it's tenuous at best, I feel.

DRE: Yeah, yeah. That's fair.

AUSTIN: There will be times when this— when that tower.

ART: And nothing in that big elf conversation qualifies.

AUSTIN: I don't think so. Um… No, not new and important about the world. New and important about his life, for sure.

DRE: Right. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Oh that's the other thing is, right, this is a group thing. Did we learn something new and important about the world which is to say, beyond our personal lives, you know?

DRE: Snow elves are dicks. We learned that.

AUSTIN: That again… Very important.

ART: I think I learned that I can— I can take almost any of them on, one-on-one. I'm not afraid of any of them.

AUSTIN: Oh yeah? "Did you overcome a notable monster or enemy?"

ART: No, but I—

DRE: He's gonna.

ART: I was gonna.

AUSTIN: Okay. Did you loot— "Did you loot a memorable treasure?"

ART: I lost memorable treasure. I'm down a memorable treasure.

AUSTIN: I also read it as—

DRE: Yeah. Uh, I got my dad high. I— Do I get XP for that? Oh no.

AUSTIN: No XP. This is the lowest XP round.

DRE: Oh.

AUSTIN: I mean you guys both— Everyone got at least 1 from failing rolls.

NICK: I got 2.

AUSTIN: There you go. And that means you leveled.

NICK: Yup. I did.

AUSTIN: Oh boy. Alright, I think that's the week. Let's uh, time.is.

DRE: Woof.

AUSTIN: Let's time.was.

ART: Woof.

DRE: It's the saddest session.

ART: Oh, I would like to say that Shanghai-ing is way less racist than I thought it was.

AUSTIN: Yeah?

ART: Yeah, it's not— I mean, it's— it's bad but it's not racist. It's not super racist. It's about kidnapping people and forcing them to be sailors. And those sailors often had to go to Shanghai.

AUSTIN: Right, yeah. That I knew. But like, there's uh— Whatever. That's still kinda shaky. Um…

ART: But it's not like about Evil Asians which is what I was worried about.

AUSTIN: Oh, see I— I— Okay, so it isn't— Okay. I thought it was—

ART: It's about how shitty it is to be forced to be in the— to be a sailor.

AUSTIN: Right. I guess my thought was, is it— But it's not— It wasn't Asian Folks that were doing the kidnapping in that scenario. When it's used…

DRE: No it was usually British… 

ART: No, it's—

AUSTIN: White Folk?

ART: It was Brits and Americans.

AUSTIN: Okay. Good job Brits and Americans, using the name of an Asian place for your verb to hide "Put into slavery." Good job. Um, uh, notable— notable crimps, Jim "Shanghai" Kelly of San Francisco. Okay. I'm closing the wiki. 

ART: And then— And the other guy with the same… 

AUSTIN: We should clap. Let's— Let's time.is.

NICK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: That's uh, 20— Or, at the top of the hour. At the top of the hour.

DRE: Yeah. 

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: So 10 seconds.

[AUTUMN17]

DRE: Previously, on Friends at the Table:

AUSTIN: Calhoun—who you know as Calhoun—is really Angelo Tristé, who was in line to be the next emperor of this place. Hella, there’s a knife to your throat. What do you do?

ALI, strained: Hnhh. I don’t have a lot of options.

AUSTIN: Meanwhile, Lem and Emmanuel, on the, on the balcony look over and see Brandish and his first mate, along with three other figures behind them.

KEITH: Yo, Emmanuel’s like fucked right now, because his boss just saw him hangin out with the worst dude to be hangin out with.

JACK: I’m going to whip out my violin and start playing Arcane Art, just on the balcony of this hallway.

AUSTIN: What do y— ah, at this point I think Emmanuel is just like: 

EMMANUEL:

AUSTIN: I think he’s flabbergasted. I don’t know that he knows what to do.

JACK: If I went and I swang my dueling machete at the ghost, what would it do? Do we know what—

AUSTIN: Good question. You’ve never— Have you ever swung a sword at a ghost before?

JACK: Nope!

AUSTIN: I think, as you’re running at him, he throws his axe at you, that’s on this chain, and it catches you in the shoulder—

JACK: Ah no! Okay.

AUSTIN: But then you lop his head from his shoulders.

JACK: Oh! Okay.

LEM??: I don’t want my friends to get hurt.

AUSTIN: Emmanuel is hanging on with dear life to the railing.

ALI: I think I’m still not helping you. 

JACK: Okay.

AUSTIN: ...What here is evil?
 
JACK: Um, Hella, y— I don’t see how Hella and Fero can be all up like, “Hey, Lem’s just goin around, head in the clouds, havin a great time.” Hella’s just denying mercy to everybody, everywhere, including people on her own team!

ALI: No, but she has like, she has like a thing with these pirate people. 

AUSTIN: That’s true.

ALI: And she—

JACK: And I, I don’t think you understand. Lem has a thing with antiquity.
 
KEITH: And Jack has a thing with antiques!

AUSTIN: True. Lem, by the way, this is. This is terrible. 

JACK: A thing for antiques.

AUSTIN: That bomb wrecked this room.

JACK: Yeah. Oooh yeah.

AUSTIN: This is infuriating.

JACK: Uh huh. Yeah, like—

ALI: You’re having an incredibly bad day. It was really good, and now it’s just bad.

AUSTIN: Huh aww. Yeah.

JACK: And do you know what started it all going wrong? It was you two arriving. I was having a nice time, with who is clearly my 

ALI: Yeah, and we were sneaking to follow you because you were betraying us.

JACK: ghost, undead, pirate, boyfriend.

AUSTIN: I think he’s just a— I think— I don’t think— Was— Is Emmanuel dead? I think he’s alive still. I think we established he was—

KEITH: Yeah no, he's a living person.

AUSTIN: He’s a living human person.

JACK: Oh, I meant he was an undead.

AUSTIN: No, he’s not undead either.

JACK: Oh! Was he?

AUSTIN: He’s just, he’s just a man.

JACK: I thought he was part of the crew?

AUSTIN: He is! But they didn’t all die.

 JACK: I’ve been—

KEITH: He would— If you killed him, he’d be undead.

JACK: Ohh. Hm. I didn’t—

KEITH: So, you know what? It’s actually not that big a deal that he’s even hanging from this balcony. He’d just be a ghost man.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK: But it’s the trust, right?

KEITH: Right, yeah. I’m sure that he still likes being a living person.

JACK: Now, if I was Hella, what I’d be thinking right now would be: If we want to bring this guy on as a hireling, would he be more useful to us as a ghost? Um.

ALI: Oh, we’re—?

AUSTIN: Well he’d be undead first.

JACK: ‘Cause we already know—

AUSTIN: Which is I think, I think that there’s like a V-shaped chart for usefulness? I think it goes from like, “Oh, he’s alive! That’s pretty useful.” To like “Oh, he’s a zombie. Hmm. We can’t really take him places.” And then once he’s a ghost, he gets back to being really useful. That zombie middleground is rough.

ALI: So, the number one difference between me and Hella is that she would not hang out with a ghost.

AUSTIN: Right, right. That is a big difference. 

JACK, knowingly: Yeahh.

ALI: So. Not even a possibility in her mind.

AUSTIN: Right. Alright. So, are you killing Ginny? ‘Cause—

ALI: Absolutely.

KEITH: What if the ghost you were hanging out with could kill Brandish for you?

AUSTIN: Alright. You— What do you— How do you kill her?

ALI, apprehensively: Um.

KEITH: If your whole thing is killing Brandish, how come you’re killing Ginny and letting me get hurt?

ALI: ‘Cause I also don’t like Ginny at all.

AUSTIN: And Ginny’s completely at her mercy.

ALI: This is like a team of pirates that I’ve gotten into a lot of shit with.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: To the point where I almost cut Brandish’s neck off.

KEITH: Right.

ALI: Like, this has been a personal vendetta for a while.

KEITH: Almost— Not “almost” like you almost started cutting. You did start cutting and almost made it.

AUSTIN: Almost finished, yeah.

ALI: Right.

KEITH: Right.

ALI: Right. So, now. Now she’s going all the way; she’s not taking that chance anymore.

KEITH: Again, second example of Not So Into You.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

JACK: Violence mulligan? Did somebody say violence mulligan? Did somebody say violence—

AUSTIN: It’s nice when we just have—

KEITH: Somebody called for Violence Mulligan?

AUSTIN: It’s nice when we just have episode titles. Uh- Keith, can you write down “Violence Mulligan” next to— on your notes about this episode?

KEITH: Yeah, yup. Got it.

AUSTIN: Thanks. While Hella is— Alright, Hella— Are you just—? Okay! Hella’s just gonna kill Ginny.

ALI: I think I’m— I’m definitely just like, stabbing her?

AUSTIN: Alright. Through the chest, and you can hear your blade vibrate with the choir of the, the kind of ghost council that sings to you as you thrust it through Ginny’s chest. Her eyes roll back into her head and she falls over. Brandish screams and leaps over Fero’s body to slash at you, Hella. Give me a Defy Danger.

ALI: A Defy Danger DEX?

AUSTIN: I guess DEX? Um.

ALI: DEX or strength.

AUSTIN: Not strength. This isn— ahh?

JACK: Pirate king is leaping at you.

ALI: ‘Cause I would like, if he’s coming towards me, I would block.

 AUSTIN: I kind of like— Are you like, blocking?

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yeah, give me a Defy Danger strength. 

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: He’s— This is like one of those situations— This is he’s Windu-ing, here. He’s like, RAUURAGGHH. Y’know like—

JACK: I don’t know what this means.

KEITH: This is a classic Windu.

AUSTIN: This is like a 100% classic Windu.

ALI: So I get a 9 on that. 

AUSTIN: Okay, umm. You can take damage, or be disarmed. Again. This is like what happened before. This is like, you’re being battered up against the wall I think. He’s like pushing you—

KEITH: Yeah, this is classic Form VII.

AUSTIN: Oh my god. What’s the actual name of that Form?

KEITH: It’s a classic Juyo!

AUSTIN: Is it Juyo? It’s Juyo.

KEITH: Yeah, Juyo.

ALI: I’m gonna take damage.

AUSTIN: Okay. Take 9. To be clear, what’s happening here is he is uh— You’re getting— He rolls 2d10 and takes the best of the two. So.

ALI: I—

KEITH: Hold on, are you dead right now?

ALI: No, no, no. Because I have a— my racial ability is to reroll anyone’s damage roll.

AUSTIN: Ooh, is it anyone’s damage roll?

ALI: Yeah!

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Daaaang! That’s really good.

KEITH: So you would’ve been dead right now. 

ALI: It says, “yours or someone else’s”—

AUSTIN: No, no no. She wouldn’t. She took 9. She took 9. So go ahead and—

KEITH: But she— You had 13, minus whatever Ginny’s was...

AUSTIN: Ginny didn’t hit her just then, did she?

KEITH: Yeah, because Ginny got a— ‘cause she did the second attack roll.

AUSTIN: Oh! Right, did I not roll Ginny’s damage on her?

KEITH: Oh, I thought that you did.

AUSTIN: Let’s see. I didn’t, I never did. That’s on me. So wait, before we commit to this, let’s fix that right now. Good call. Alright, you took 5 from Ginny, so you would— Yes.

ALI: Okay. So I’m down—

AUSTIN: You do want to reroll. You do want to reroll. Yeah, what are you at? What are you at with that 5?

ALI: So with 5, it turns to 3, so now I’m at 10.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Okay, so go ahead and uh,

ALI: So do you want me to reroll it, or should I—

AUSTIN: Ah, no, I’ll reroll it. Here, you’re using—

KEITH: Hold on, this is a d10 that you’re rolling, right? You're rolling 2d10?

AUSTIN: 2d10, and it’s whatever the highest is, is what.

KEITH: Okay. So you literally cannot die here, but still maybe a good idea—

AUSTIN: Well no, she’s at 10, right?

KEITH: Right. She’s at 10, so if you got, if you rolled a 10...

ALI: If you rolled two 10s— er no, wait.

KEITH: Minus 2 is an 8.

AUSTIN: R r r yeah, you’re right. No matter what, you’re safe. Y y yeah. Good call. Still, 8 is better than 9. So. So take 6, after your armor. 

ALI: Okay. Oh my god.

AUSTIN: And you’re pressed up against this wall, pretty firmly. Why can’t I fuckin? Sorry, I’m trying to rotate your stupid character model right here, and roll20 is bad, sometimes. I like it a lot, but sometimes it’s a jerk.

KEITH: I find that sometimes you have to, like, be a little bit off from the button to actually—

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s what’s happening here is I’ve lost, I’ve like lost the right positioning on the thing here. Which, whatever, it’s fine.

KEITH: Yeah, sure.

AUSTIN: Whatever. It doesn’t matter what direction you’re facing. 

JACK: Who’s—

AUSTIN: Lem, what are you doing at this point?

JACK: Uhhh. I wanna go and help Emmanuel.

AUSTIN: Okay. Go ahead and move yourself over there.

KEITH, feigning offense: Does nobody care I’m about to be stabbed in the back by a pirate zombo?

AUSTIN: Ted is helping—

ALI: No, the zombo just came for me, you are not getting stabbed in the back at all.

AUSTIN: Along with Ted, you help Emmanuel— 

KEITH: Oh, did he just go for you? Okay then, I forgot. Well. He could still get me.

AUSTIN: He could still get you.

ALI: I think he’s distracted at this point.

AUSTIN: Yeah, he is also that. That is also true. 

KEITH: Yeah, I guess

AUSTIN: You and Ted manage to help Emmanuel back up. Ted seems alright. Seems like an alright guy. Alright for like a ghost.

KEITH: Wait hold on, why is Ted on our side?

JACK: He’s not. He’s just—

KETH: He just wants— He’s just trying to help Emmanuel.

JACK: Presumably. This is news to me.

AUSTIN: He really likes the bread that Emmanuel bakes.

JACK: I still don’t know this yet.

AUSTIN: No, you don’t know his history.

JACK: Lem is gonna freak when he finds out that Emmanuel is a pastry chef. 

AUSTIN: Give me a— So Hella, what are you doing? Or, let’s— Fero, what are you doing? Now that there’s not a blade at your back.

KEITH: Okay, here’s— Here’s what I’m doin’. If I could throw a rock at Hella’s dumb— Do you have a helmet on?

ALI: Uh, no.

AUSTIN: I don’t— No, I don’t think so.

KEITH: Head!

ALI: Really? 

KEITH: Okay. Yeah! No, uh—

ALI: Am I gonna take 4 damage from that rock and die?

JACK: And just keel over?

KEITH: No, you’re gonna take—

JACK: Do it!

KEITH: 9 damage. 6, I mean.

AUSTIN: That was a 6.

KEITH: Yeah, no. Um, here’s what I’m going to do. 

ALI: Oh, that was a joke roll.

KEITH: I’m going to— I’m about to be a big ol’ eagle again. That’s what I’m gonna do. And I’m going to roll my... eagle numbers. A 10. So that’s Hold 3. And then I’m gonna— And then, so, Ginny’s dead. And hold on, Austin I cannot hear you?

AUSTIN: Right. Sorry, I was muted.

KEITH: Okay. That’s fine. Um. I saw you say “Right” and then I— but I did not hear it.

AUSTIN: Right. Sorry, what are you doing? Say that again?

KEITH: I’m gonna— 

AUSTIN: You’re an eagle.

KEITH: So, Brandish’s back is to me right now.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Okay. So what I’m going to do, is I’m gonna, I’m gonna fuckin claws in his back and just try to... Grrrr!! Right in his stupid shoulders.

AUSTIN: Right. Where you lifted him up before. That time.

KEITH: Right. I’m— I don’t even know if I’m trying to lift him up, I think I’m just trying to fuckin... wreck his shoulder muscles.

AUSTIN: Right.

JACK, responding to something in roll20: An unhelpful message. ??

KEITH: Oh, that’s not the right button.

AUSTIN: No, that’s not the right—

KEITH: K. So.

AUSTIN: That’s a... really good hit.

KEITH: I’m going to—

AUSTIN: Oh wait, did you do your—? You have to transform first.

KEITH: What d’you mean? I already did that, I got a— I got a— I got a 10.

AUSTIN: Oh, you got a 10 on that, also. I see. I see, I see. Okay. So you have Hold 3—

KEITH: Yeah. You have 10, that wrong roll, 10.

AUSTIN: Now 10. Now do your damage.

KEITH: And then I’m going to open myself up for another attack and add another d6.

AUSTIN: Okay! ...So that’s 12, minus…

KEITH: 12 damage.

AUSTIN: Okay, so that means he’s at… that. Okay. You reach into him really good, and I’m guessing that you kinda like, peck at the back of his head, also?

KEITH: Yeah. Yeah.

AUSTIN: And he’s like, AaAaaAaa!

KEITH: With my big giant fuckin eagle his shoulders!

AUSTIN: And he… reaches back behind him to grab you... by the neck.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: You take 10.

KEITH: 10?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Okay.

ALI: Oh my god.

AUSTIN: And he grabs you, and he flings you forward with all of his might. His lots of might. And slams you into just like, the corner of this room. This hallway leading into the, the, kind of sitting room.

KEITH: Have we established how long it takes for me to use a Balance? Is that a full turn, is that a—

AUSTIN: I think it’s a full turn. Yeah. Also, I’m not 100% sure of how the Balance— One sec, I want to read something about the Balance thing that we may have gotten wrong last time.

KEITH: We have, we have talked about this thing.

AUSTIN: Have you done it before? Have you done the Balance thing?

KEITH: I have done it before. I have done it on myself and on others.

AUSTIN. Okay. Okay, you’re good. Yeah. I just wanted to make sure that you could— Yeah, you totally can choose how much Balance to spend on each thing.

KEITH: Yep. Oh! You know what I haven’t been doing? I haven’t been adding my Balance. Does anybody know how many successful attacks I’ve had this game? I think it’s 3.

AUSTIN: Uh, we can figure that out. Probably. Pr- Probably. How do I search? Why does this— Agh. Does roll20 not let me fucking search? I guess not. Uhh—

KEITH: No, but also it wouldn’t help, because my thing is just called “rolling 2d6 plus 2”.

AUSTIN: Oh. Right.

KEITH: Or, sorry, sorry. “Rolling 1d8”. So if you search 1d8...

AUSTIN: I mean I can’t search anyway.

KEITH: No, I can. Ctrl+F works.

AUSTIN: Oh, for me it is not working. Roll20 is being bad.

KEITH: Alright, so...

AUSTIN: So figure it out— Figure it out, while we determine what’s happening now. Uh, Hella. For this brief moment Brandish is, is, open for— not like— open for attack. You can, you can swing at him, if you’d like.

ALI: Umm, yeah. I’m gonna go for it—

AUSTIN: Or you can not, if you don’t want to. Certainly.

ALI: Yeah, no, ‘cause I don’t have any other options? I can’t like, heal myself.

AUSTIN: Eh, that’s fine. Right, you don’t have any like—

ALI: And I’m not gonna run.

AUSTIN: Right. At this point.

ALI: So. That’s a 7.

AUSTIN: So that’s a 7. And you take damage here. At this point, I think the way the combat is going, he is just enraged at such a point that he’s like in that perfect state of, of— Like, you’ve been in this mode before, you recognize it. Y’know, of just like, everything is gonna go his way. He’s there. Take 10.

ALI: Uhh? So how does that work?

AUSTIN: So are you down?

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: This is our first down. This is gonna get real interesting in a second. Hella’s down, y’all. Last Breath.

KEITH: I told you that I could heal you.

ALI: Yeah, why didn’t… you do that?

AUSTIN: Mh Hm. So this is…

KEITH: You have to come— I have to touch you. To do it. Y’know I was gonna— Figured you’d come over.

AUSTIN, tsking: That’s not how she does!

KEITH: Nmm.

AUSTIN: One second, let me. Let me read from the book—

JACK: I’m a bit stunned.

KEITH: Alright. Ali’s gonna have to roll a new character…

AUSTIN: Well! That’s— This is an interesting place to die. Is what I’ll say.

KEITH: What if you just became Emmanuel?

AUSTIN: You just like became— Like, chuck him over? Okay. One second. Uh… Death. Okay. I’m gonna read from the DungeonWorld book. “Death stalks the edges of every battle. A character who is reduced to 0 HP immediately takes his Last Breath. Death comes for commoner and king alike—no stat is added to the Last Breath roll. No one knows what lies beyond the Black Gates of Death, but it is said that many secrets of the mortal plane are laid bare in the land of Death’s Dominion.” —p.s. We’re totally in the land of Death’s Dominion already— “When you die, you might just see them.” The, the secrets that lie in Death’s Dominion. “Death offers bargains to some, from the simple to the costly. Death is capricious,” Capricious. Capricious? Capricious.

JACK: Capricious.

KEITH: Tomato caprese. 

AUSTIN: Capricious? Tomato caprese. Capri pants. “and may ask a favor in the”-

KEITH: Capri Sun!

AUSTIN: “future or exact a toll. He may demand a sacrifice or ask for something strange and seemingly innocent. Death’s whim cannot be predicted. Depending on the outcome of the Last Breath, the character may become stable. A stable character stays at 0 HP but is alive and unconscious. If they receive healing, they regain consciousness and may return to battle or seek safety. If a stable character takes damage again, they draw their Last Breath once more to face Death.” So. Hella. Last Breath reads to roll 2d6. Roll plus nothing.

ALI: Okay.

KEITH: What does this have to be above, in order to stabilize?

AUSTIN: Above a 7. To get a bargain from Death.

KEITH: Above a 7.

AUSTIN: This is a weird situation, because I— Yeah. It’s a weird situation for a million reasons. Great! Hella rolls a 9. “On a 7 to 9, Death will offer you a bargain. Take it and stabilize, or refuse and pass beyond the black gates into whatever fate awaits you.” Alright. Hella. Dying here is... a trip backwards through your time. You remember vividly, you’re in— you’re kind of, are embodied in various moments of your life. You remember cutting Brandish and just not pushing hard enough to take the head from his neck. You remember the first raft that you traveled on as a bodyguard. You remember being gifted the sword. It was lifted from a pile of trinkets and blades that meant nothing to the people who gave it to you. You remember hearing the clanking of miners, digging out the metal that’s made Ordenna so, so ah, rich. You... remember your parents. You remember your friends from childhood. You remember the first time that you swung a sword. And then, you are in a space of, of bright white. The walls are, are gleaming here. It is the sort of white that communicates not peace, but dominance. You see a man sitting in a throne. The throne, the throne is the center of this room. It is built into the ground in such a way that the ground itself rotates, and the throne rotates to face you. It’s a marble throne. And in it sits a man with grayed hair and a well-groomed beard. His eyes are a sharp blue. And he wears black and red. They’re kingly clothes, but they’re also practical. He isn’t extravagant, but he knows that his place is to exact power. And his voice booms.


TRISTERO: Hella. Approach.

ALI: Which I do.

AUSTIN: Which you do. Okay. 

TRISTERO: You’ve picked an odd time to die. Are you.. ready to move on?

HELLA: No.

KEITH: Say yes.

TRISTERO: Hm. I thought not. There are others though, who should be by my side—

KEITH: Austin, you are breaking up at the worst time!

ALI: Oh no!

AUSTIN: I’ll wait.

KEITH: Yeah, I think you’re good.

AUSTIN: A few seconds? Am I good? Okay.

TRISTERO: There are others though—

AUSTIN: Did you get the bit about where he says it’s not your time, basically?

ALI: Yeah. And then I said— Yeah.

KEITH: Yes.

AUSTIN: Okay.

TRISTERO: There are others though, for whom it is time to return to my side. I will let you live, I will give you back your life, and you will be my blade. You will return those to me who left me in life. You will begin with my son. 

AUSTIN: And he gives you a look.

KEITH: Oh wait, hold on, is Death-

ALI, as if sobbing: No-o-o-o!

KEITH: gonna get us to kill Calhoun? I’ll kill Hella if she tries to kill Calhoun.

JACK: Thank you for listening to Friends at the Table.

ALI: NooOO-o-o! 

HELLA: But I like your son, and I like so few people.

ALI: Hnnh.

TRISTERO: Not many people could do this for me, Hella. But you have just the tool for the job.

ALI: Oh, man.

KEITH, quietly: What tool is it?

ALI: Um. Hmm.

AUSTIN: Jack is holding his face in his hands.

KEITH: Yeah. Jack is hiding.

ALI: Oh my god.

AUSTIN: Fero! Hella is dead. By the way. What do you do? While Hella’s— We’ll cut back, at this point. I think, I think Brandish just— What was this? Was this a counterattack situation? Or was this a— Yeah yeah yeah. So. Hella stabs her blade into Brandish’s gut, and he whispers to her,

BRANDISH: I’ve got you now.

AUSTIN: And, knife across the throat. In the same place where his, where his neck has been cut.

KEITH: Uh huh. Uh huh.

AUSTIN: And steps away from her. She falls to the ground. Knees hit the floor. Body goes, you know, face down. And he turns to you. Covers his neck and spits blood out, so that the blood will come up through his mouth.

KEITH: Okay, so-

AUSTIN: You’re an eagle. You’re still an eagle.

KEITH: here’s what I’m gonna do. I am an eagle.

AUSTIN: Yeah. And he points his sword at you.

KEITH: It is my turn.

AUSTIN: Yes.

KEITH: I’m going to get out of range of him. Here’s why. I do not have much health left.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: This is what I’m going to do. I am going to use 4 of my 5 Hold. I mean Balance.

AUSTIN: Okay. Er, Balance? On yourself.

KEITH: Yes. On myself.

AUSTIN: Okaay.

KEITH: I’m going to get to a place where he can’t get to me—

AUSTIN: I see, I see. 4 of your 5. Got ya. Yeah yeah yeah. Uh, give mee— Huh, man. 

KEITH: I’m an eagle.

AUSTIN: You’re an eagle. You’re an eagle. Just get outta here.

KEITH: He threw— He just threw me far away from him anyway. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Yes. Yes. Yes.

KEITH: So I’m going to roll 4d4.

AUSTIN: This gets you outside.

KEITH: Look at those little pyramids!

AUSTIN: Look at all those little pyramids.

KEITH: Heal for— I am at full health! 

AUSTIN: Shame you didn’t heal somebody else. Um—

KEITH: Yeah, wuh, I thought of it. Shame a lot of people didn’t help a lot of people! Austin!

AUSTIN: Okay. Hey! Lem. An eagle just flies past you.

JACK: Mhm. Can I see H— 

AUSTIN: Ted—Yeah, go ahead. What are you gonna?

JACK: Can I see Hella’s body from where I am?

AUSTIN: Yeah, I think you, you see the eagle fly past you and you’re able to like, turn and look. And you see Brandish turn from the body of Hella’s— from Hella’s corpse. And he begins walking towards you.

JACK: Where’s, where’s my— weapon?

AUSTIN: Er, I need to refresh. One second. It’s across— It’s near the cab— Ah, I guess you could’ve picked it up. I imagined it going to the right side of this room earlier. So it— I think you probably could have picked it back up when you were hiding behind the couch, when that bomb went off.

JACK: Okay, cool. I don’t have to fight him with a violin bow or something.

AUSTIN: I mean, you could do that.

JACK: What stats does a violin bow have?

AUSTIN: I mean you just roll your class’s damage, y’know. Ah. No, I think it would probably be bad. I think it would be bad. And he is marching towards you.

JACK: Okay.

BRANDISH: Ted! Emmanuel. Take the boy—

AUSTIN: I guess you’re not a boy. You’re an orc. Uh.

BRANDISH: Grab the orc—

KEITH, imitating Brandish: Take the orc boy!

JACK: I once— I once was a little orc boy.

AUSTIN: You were once a little orc boy. 

KEITH: Tiny little horns!

AUSTIN: But you’re a big, you’re a big boy now. You’re a big orc boy.

KEITH: Now you’re a big boy.

AUSTIN: You’re part of the big boy gang.
	
BRANDISH: Get the orc, and let’s go.

AUSTIN: His voice is dominating in a way that is uh, hard for them to resist. And there’s a bit of an out here. For Emmanuel, right. 

JACK: Hm! Yeah.

AUSTIN: In that he isn’t being killed. Y’know? Brandish is cut up pretty bad. Yeah, so he wraps his arms around— The two of them, Ted and Emmanuel, wrap their arms under yours and begin—Hup!—moving you forward. Hella. What do you do?

HELLA: Will your son join you here, or will he be a part of that town?

AUSTIN: Um. He says,

TRISTERO: My son gave rights away to live in that town when he abdicated. He will be here with me. And one day, he will be here instead of me. That is the way it is.

KEITH: Hella, can you just choose to die so we don’t have to get rid of Calhoun?

ALI: See, the thing is is that I’m friends with Calhoun. But—

AUSTIN: But you’re also you.

ALI: —not so much that I don’t wanna live.

KEITH: Okay, so here’s the thing. Can’t— How— Can we take a little while— Like, Death’s got a long time, right?

AUSTIN, quietly: No.

KEITH: Like, he’s got a while— No? 

AUSTIN: No.

KEITH: He’s like, this has gotta happen now. Also, Austin, you’re muted again.

AUSTIN: No, I’m not.

KEITH: Oh okay, you were just being quiet.

AUSTIN: I was just being quiet.

JACK: So what you’ve done here, Austin, is you thought that all of Ali’s anxiety and— public-facing anxiety about the last Calhoun decision just wasn’t enough.

AUSTIN: Yeah! Mm hm!

JACK: So you just made another one!

AUSTIN: This is a fairer— This is a much more fair one, though.

ALI: Yeah! Um—

AUSTIN: And a much more interesting one, I think.

ALI and KEITH: Yeah.

KEITH: This is, I mean—

AUSTIN: And listen, I don’t know— I mean, I— You wanna be the one—

KEITH: Lot of stuff could happen between now and when—

AUSTIN: Lot of stuff could happen! You could lie to Death. You could tell the truth to Death and change your mind later. You could, there’s a million things that could happen.

JACK: Oh my god, Austin—

ALI: Is that a possibility?

KEITH: You could try to follow through with it, and I won’t let you.

JACK: This is like finding a joke bag and not—

AUSTIN: You don’t know! I don’t know what happens. We could—

ALI: I mean, w—

AUSTIN: He’s asking for your word, is what he’s asking for.

JACK: It— Hard time— ??

AUSTIN: Ah, I mean— So here’s, here’s a thing. Wait wait wait, one second, I’m gonna read from the book again. One second, let me— Let’s see... Maybe it’s not in here. But. You know, you could absolutely say like, “Yeah sure!” and then be like, completely lying to him. And then, we’ll have to figure out what happens when you lie to Death. Y’know?

ALI: Right.

JACK: Yeah.

ALI: I feel like he’d know that I was lying to him though, like—

AUSTIN: Maybe that’s okay. Like, maybe that’s part of the rule, you know. I think it’s— I’m not gonna make you roll to lie to Death.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: One, that’s not in this system.

ALI: Right

AUSTIN: Two, it’s way more interesting— There’s two interesting outcomes here— There’s three interesting outcomes. One, you could say, “Hey, maybe Hella in her heart isn’t so evil after all,” or whatever. You could say, “Maybe Hella really does care for Calhoun; lets herself die.” Two, you could tell the truth to Death— You could say that you’re telling the truth to Death, and we figure out what happens from there. Three, you could tell me you’re lying to Death. That’s interesting. You successfully lie to Death, and we move forward and figure out what happens from there.

ALI: Okay. Well then I say… I don’t— I don’t know if she’d lie. But I would say, that,

HELLA: Your son is important to me. But if that’s what this takes, then I’ll do it.

TRISTERO: He’s important to me, too. 

AUSTIN: And— Hm. How is this gonna work. The— That’s the last you see of him. You move back, forward through your life, seeing those events again. Happening again and again. And this time, you see a bunch of times in which you probably should’ve died, and didn’t. Like, a bunch of times where like, Oh! That would’ve just cut your head off, and you just missed it. And it’s like, emphasizing that you’ve been on death’s door many times before. And, for whatever reason, he’s let you forward, many other times. And it makes you wonder for just the briefest moment, if this is the first promise you’ve made Death. Or if, maybe, your life has been a string of these promises that you just can’t remember. And you’re back alive. The thing is, remember, you’re still unconscious. You— Lem? You’re being dragged out, you’re kind of put in— You’re tied up. You’re roped— Your hands are roped behind you. Brandish lifts Hella from the ground and puts her over his shoulder, and begins heading out. He looks at Ted and says— or he looks at Emmanuel and he says, “Emmanuel, you st—

TRISTERO: Emmanuel, you stay here. When Ginny returns, send her to me.

AUSTIN: And Emmanuel sighs and steps back, away from you, Lem. And that means that Ted, carrying— er, pushing Lem forward, and Brandish with Hella on his shoulder, they leave. Fero, you’re an eagle.

KEITH: Yes, I am an eagle. I do have one quick question?

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: I missed the part where why is Jack on someone’s shoulder.

AUSTIN: Jack is just being led. 

JACK: I’m-

AUSTIN: He’s tied up. He’s tied up.

KEITH: So they’re all together, and I’m an eagle?

AUSTIN: Yeah.

KEITH: Okay. And they’re, they’re just getting taken.

AUSTIN: They’re back, and they’re just getting taken.

KEITH: I can fly— But I can get up to them, right?

AUSTIN: I mean they’re leaving this hotel. So like going down the stairs of this hotel...

KEITH: Okay. Well, how far could they have gotten before I have time to react?

AUSTIN: They’re at the end of this hallway. They’re at the end of this hallway at this point. They’ve lifted Hella’s almost dead body onto his shoulder; Jack is tied up. 

KEITH: What’s the— What’s the vision??, who’s in front? Hella, or Jack. Who’s closest to me?

AUSTIN: Ted is closest to you. Ted the ghost man, who you can’t hurt, has Jack at sword point. And he’s tied up in front of him. Brandish has Hella over his shoulder; Brandish is the furthest away from you, heading towards like, the way down of this floor.

KEITH: Okay. I am going to... instead of being an eagle, gonna be a hummingbird.

AUSTIN: That’s fine.

KEITH: Because— Well, so here’s the thing. 

AUSTIN: Mm hm.

KEITH: Obvious step one: Get Jack out of his sitch.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: But. Literally cannot do that.

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: Because of a clever thing that you have done.

AUSTIN: Which I set up hours ago.

KEITH: Did you?

AUSTIN: Well having a ghost man here, sure. I wanna be clear, you guys could’ve killed that ghost man. Just to be clear.

JACK: Oh, I-

KEITH: - I’m just gonna fuckin attack him. I’ll attack the ghost man.

AUSTIN: No no no. You can’t kill that ghost man, but you guys—

KEITH: They could have? And I—

AUSTIN: You guys, as a group, could have killed that ghost man.

JACK: I was this close to Spouting Lore on what I knew about ghosts.

KEITH: Where’s Emmanuel? He’s helping? Emmanuel’s helping Jack?

AUSTIN: No, Emmanuel’s— Emmanuel’s not helping. Emmanuel is staying— Brandish just ordered him to stay behind, and to bring Ginny to Brandish when she came back.

KEITH: Okay. Alright.

AUSTIN: Sure.

JACK: Out of interest, can I— This is one of those weirdly specific bard questions—

AUSTIN: Yes.

JACK: Can I do pattern magic by whistling? Or do I need an instrument?

AUSTIN: You can— You can do it. By whistling.

JACK: Oh! Is it weakened? Or is it— ??

KEITH: Don’t even ask that question! Just assume that it’s not. 

AUSTIN: I don’t think it is. It’s not. It’s not. But I think that it’s—

JACK: I just like cool stories, so. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, you definitely could. Um, y’know. They know what you can do though. So it would be—

JACK: Oh, they just wouldn’t think I was just whistling.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Yeah, no.

AUSTIN: They saw you play magic music earlier. 

ALI: Right.

AUSTIN: They fought you before. Remember that time that you were like, playing the violin on the top of a boat, dueling with their musicians?

JACK: Uh huh. I was playing the drums.

AUSTIN: You were playing the drums. Sorry. You got— You were drummed out. Ohp! Keith just vanished.

KEITH: I did that on purpose. My thing was a circle, so I assumed that I was frozen or something?

AUSTIN: Ah, you were good. Alright, so.

JACK: Umm. Then I think, in this case, I’ll probably hold off a little bit of whistling magic.

AUSTIN: Sure.

KEITH: Okay.

JACK: In case— I’m gonna save whistling magic in case they take my violin, and I have to do that.

AUSTIN: Right, right. Sure.

KEITH: Okay, so here’s what I’m gonna do—

AUSTIN: You’re a hummingbird. Are you— How does humming?

KEITH: No, no, no no. I haven’t done hummingbird yet.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: I’m going to try real quick and I’m gonna be— I’m gonna be m’ old halfling self.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: Right? And I’m gonna go, like—

AUSTIN: So you’re landing— Where are you— Where are you at, now?

KEITH: Just close to Emmanuel.

AUSTIN: Okay, so. I’m gonna move people around, really quick. Just so we have a really clear picture. Here’s Emmanuel. Here is Ted. Here is Jack. Whoops, whoops, whoops whoops whoops whoops whoops. Okay. Jack. Ted. Then how did I put Brandish? Where the hell did I put Brandish? Oh wait that’s Brandish. That’s the problem. Okay. This is Ted. Is this boy. And then Hella and then Brandish— Brandish holding Hella. Here. Here. Okay. So, you are now gonna land near Emmanuel, you said?

KEITH: I’m gonna land near Emmanuel, I’m gonna be a— be a human person. 

AUSTIN: Yep! There you go.

KEITH: And by human I mean halfling.

AUSTIN: Halfling, right. Yep. A half a person.

KEITH: Yeah. And I’m just gonna— Just real quick— I’m gonna be like,

FERO: Are you gonna help him? With me? Are we gonna do this?

AUSTIN: He shakes his head.

EMMANUEL: There is no need for any of this.

JACK: Crap. My computer.

AUSTIN: Is that your fan?

JACK: Yeah.

ALI: Emanuel is having the worst day.

JACK: Keith, what do you want me to do? Gain up, or is it all good? 

KEITH: Right now, what I want you to do is just ignore that you have that fan going.

AUSTIN: Okay.

KEITH: I can take care of it.

JACK: You’re an angel.

EMMANUEL: I wish he would have— I wish you all would’ve just left this place. 

FERO: Look. I’m wicked sorry, do you wanna help though?

AUSTIN: He shakes his head.

FERO: C’mon.

EMMANUEL: None of you can leave anyway.

KEITH: And so he’s just like kinda, just gonna hang out over there?

AUSTIN: He’s waiting to see—

JACK, jokingly: Yeah. Screw you, Emmanuel!

FERO: Here’s— Listen. Alright.Emmanuel, here’s the thing. You seem like— You seem like you two really hit it off. It seems like you’re very reluctant to even be here. We’re kinda, like, gonna leave, right? So. Either you’re gonna help me and we’re gonna do this, or you’re just gonna stay here and putt around. …Are you a putter?

EMMANUEL: I don't think you understand.

FERO: Are you with me?

EMMANUEL: No one can leave this place any way.

FERO: We can get out. No, trust me.

KEITH: And then I give him a wink.

AUSTIN: He shakes his head.

JACK: Are you giving him the “trust— Do you give him the “trust me, we’re the protagonists” wink?

KEITH: Basically, yeah! I give him the “trust me, we’re protagonists” wink. Okay, so—

EMMANUEL: I’ve already made my life… bad. By the action I took today.

FERO: Well this is what I’m saying, it’s already bad, you can come along with me. It’s gonna be— Listen. How much worse can it get for you?

AUSTIN: You’re not winning this man over. You can tell.

KEITH: Alright, so. I’m gonna turn into a hummingbird, I’m gonna follow the other group.

JACK: So, Fero’s just like, “Okay, so I’m gonna kill him.”

AUSTIN: They— At a certain—

KEITH: LIsten Jack, I tried for you.

AUSTIN: You did. Downstairs, you see a bunch more guards. Something like 10 more guards, waiting for Brandish and the others to return.

JACK: Like a Blues Brothers amount of guards.

AUSTIN: Brandish— Or, or, I’m sorry, Ted whispers something to one of the other guards, who shakes his head. Lem, a bag is placed over your head. A black bag. And you and Hella are led through the streets. 

KEITH: Can I, as a hummingbird—

AUSTIN: Mm hm.

KEITH: Kind of, crawl up into that bag? 

AUSTIN: No.

KEITH: Up into— And just like kinda do like a—

AUSTIN: You absolutely cannot.

JACK: Meanwhile— Meanwhile, Fero— oh. Meanwhile, Lem— I just did it!— Meanwhile, Lem is just like this.

AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly!

KEITH: I would be— I would be subtle about it.

ALI: Nnm, that’s not how birds work.

JACK: For the podcast—

KEITH: That’s how— It’s a teeny little bird, it’s this little bird!

ALI: No, hummingbirds are like—

JACK: For the podcast listener—

KEITH: Hummingbirds are— Baby bird— He’s a little baby— He’s a—

AUSTIN: He has a— He has a bag tied to his head. It’s not. No.

JACK: For the pod—

ALI: Have you ever seen a hummingbird?

AUSTIN: Yeah. I don’t think he has.

KEITH: Yes, they’re VERY small— 

ALI: They’re not that small.

KEITH: They can crawl up into a headbag!

JACK: I think he’s thinking of a Snitch.

ALI: He is thinking of a Snitch.

AUSTIN: You’re—

KEITH: No, it’s— I’m talking about a hummingbird! It’s a little golden— 

AUSTIN: There it is.

KEITH: It’s a little golden ball, and when you catch it, you win!

AUSTIN: Right.

KEITH: That’s what a hummingbird is. They love nectar!

ALI: No, you get a bunch of points—

KEITH: They love nectar, and when you catch it, you win.

ALI: You win most of the time, but really all you get is a bunch of points.

KEITH: And they hate Quaffles!

ALI: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: Hmmm. Oh brother.

KEITH: Okay. So. I’m just gonna follow then, if I can’t climb up into his headbag.

AUSTIN: Yeah, you can follow quite easily. So that’s good.

KEITH: Yeah. I’m gonna follow— Is Hella going to the same place?

ALI: I’m— I’m dead.

AUSTIN: Yeah, they’re being taken.

KEITH: Okay. Then I guess I accidentally also follow Hella.

ALI: What?

AUSTIN: They can tell that you’re alive again, Ali. To be clear.

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Like, you’re breathing. You’re a breathing person at this point.

KETH: Oh, okay.

ALI: Okay. But I’m unconscious, right? Okay.

AUSTIN: Right. Um, they take you to— to the Sable Spire. And lead you up, I think just like to the second or third floor, and lock you in. Okay.

KEITH: Aww. This is flash forward to the future: A little, tiny, hummingbird Fero, carrying a big ol’ key. UUOOOGH, can they do it?

AUSTIN: This is— This is gonna happen really quick, because of how late it is. They put you in the space for—

KEITH: Hold on, you’re breaking up. I can’t hear what you’re saying.

AUSTIN: Okay. Am I better? Can you hear me?

KEITH: You’re kinda better. You’re still frozen though, but I can hear you.

ALI: Okay. Now you’re good.

KEITH: Oh, there you are.

AUSTIN: Okay. So, they bring you to— Jack and— er, Lem and Hella, they take you to the second floor of the Sable Spire and put you into a very posh holding cell.

ALI: Aww.

KEITH: Hmmm. Could be shady. ??

AUSTIN: It is well decorated. It is— There’s a couple of nice beds. There’s food that they bring you. You’re taken care of. And, while we’re at that time, did you want to whistle something? Lem?

JACK: Yeah. Yeah.

AUSTIN: They do take your things from you, to— by the way. They do take your, your everything from you.

JACK: I’m gonna whistle something that sounds like probably the Wind Waker theme. If we’re bein honest.

AUSTIN: Sure. If we’re bein honest.

KEITH: How does that go? Can you do a quick whistle of that?

JACK: I don’t know how the Wind Waker theme goes, actually. Plus, whistl—

KEITH: Aw, this is an empty gesture.

JACK: Whistling near a microphone is never a good idea.

AUSTIN: That’s also true.

JACK: Anyway—

KEITH: I did. It seemed to work. Did it not work?

JACK: It sounded a bit like somebody just—

AUSTIN: It’s not— Hm.

JACK: Pai— Painful, y’know? Painful.

ALI: It’s fine.

AUSTIN: So. Go ahead make your— What’s your whistle?

JACK: Not my whistling. My whistling is the opposite of painful. It’s healing whis— It’s healing whistling. Y’know. Healing whistling. Like the sort of whistling that you hear all the time. Aaand it is directed at Hella.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: So, the way that works is, it is a—

AUSTIN: CHA roll.

JACK: Uhhhhm. Hold on, just one second. I’m just double-checking. 

AUSTIN: It is. It’s roll plus CHA.

JACK: Alright. Yeah. And then I heal 1d4, presumably.

KEITH: Ooh, I like the Wind Waker theme.

AUSTIN: — 1d8.

JACK: 1d8.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Cool. Okay. Um... Plus CHA…

KEITH: It sounds sort of Hobbity. It sounds like something you might hear on the show.

JACK: 9.

AUSTIN: Okay. 

KEITH: This is good. This is a jam.

AUSTIN: Alright. Give me your heal roll.

JACK: Okay. What do I type?

AUSTIN: It’s slash ro—

JACK: 1. D. 8.

AUSTIN: Yeah— Nope! Slash roll 1d8. Slash roll space 1d8.

JACK, disappointed with the result: Oh. Well—

AUSTIN: Okay. Hey, listen— Hella—

ALI: I had a 4 when I stabbed a guy, so that’s—

AUSTIN: Right, right.

JACK: Yeah.

AUSTIN: So, she’s back up. Hella— Life is breathed back into Hella. The— The— The wound that she had had already been kind of magically stitched back up. But, now, life kind of really comes back into her face. Like, she was still on death’s door until— until your little whistle brings her back. I think maybe there’s— Is there even like a little bit of a like, experimental nature of this? Where like, you’re not sure if the whistle will do this? But it does.

JACK: Yeah. Yeah. I don’t think— Well ‘cause it’s like, if I’ve risked life and limb stealing a really expensive violin from a— a museum archive, why would I be whistling? 

AUSTIN: Right, right. Yeah. So—

ALI: I im—

AUSTIN: Hella?

ALI: I imagine this like that scene in Cowboy Bebop. Where like, she’s hearing a song from her childhood and then wakes up, and hears this whistling instead—

AUSTIN: Mhm. Mhm.

ALI: And is like, relieved, but kind of grumpy about it. 

AUSTIN: Totally. You’re whistling in the wrong key. Y’know. So, the two of you only have moments when— You, uh— Your whistling bounces through the halls, and a guard hears it and starts coming to you.

SOMEONE: Huh?

AUSTIN: And he like, looks in, and he checks on you—

KEITH: I’m with them, right?

AUSTIN:You’re like— I think that you’re— I mean. Yeah! Yeah, fuck it.

KEITH: You think they don’t know that I’m there yet?

AUSTIN: I don’t— Hmm.

ALI: Maybe— Is there a window? Is he perched, like, on the window?

AUSTIN: Yeah yeah yeah. There’s—

KEITH: ‘Cause I feel like— I feel like, at the earliest opportunity I would have kind of, like, tapped on Lem’s shoe with my little beak. That I have.

AUSTIN: Yeah, sure. I just wanted to get us through this section, because this section isn’t—

JACK: Again, Keith doesn’t know what a hummingbird is.

AUSTIN: Nuh, he doesn’t. 

KEITH: You— Wait, are you trying to tell me that hummingbirds don’t have beaks? They have super long, tiny little ones.

AUSTIN: So—

JACK: You couldn’t tap on a—

AUSTIN: Don’t wor— Don’t worry about it.

KEITH: Of course they can. 

AUSTIN: Don’t worry about it.

KEITH: Hold on. I want to get to the bottom of this. Why don’t you think a hummingbird could tap with its beak?

AUSTIN: No, we don’t have time. Keith, we don’t have time.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: It’s— It’s— It’s like 2 am where Jack is right now.

KEITH: That’s probably fair.

AUSTIN: So. I just wanted to get to a decent— It might be 3 am where Jack is right now. It’s 2. Okay. So. At the sound of the whistle— It draws attention of the guards, who show up at your door. They’re well-armed. And armored. And they say,

GUARD: Are you both up?

AUSTIN: You nod. Lem is nodding. He says,

GUARD: Alright. I’ll be right back. I’ll go get the captain.

KEITH: Cappy.

AUSTIN: And about 15 minutes later, Ted shows back up. He didn’t mean the captain; he meant like, the captain of the guard. Like, like, a guard captain.

KEITH: Oh. Right.

AUSTIN: And Ted shows back up. Ghost Ted. And he says,

TED: Alright. Um.

AUSTIN: And he goes in, and he asks you guys to turn around. There’s some other guards with him. And, begins to tie you all up again. Obviously, you could totally turn this into another fight, if you want to. This is a shitty place for a fight. Just so you know. Also you don’t have any weapons. Also you’re all really hurt, except for— except for Fero. And—

KEITH: I have full health.

AUSTIN: Right. Fero’s great. And they lead— unless you resist, are leading you back into the streets. And towards the palace.

JACK: I don’t really have any objections.

ALI: Yeah, I think I’m sort of, too out of sorts to— to do anything. 

AUSTIN: Yeah, that’s fair. That’s totally fair. Fero, are you like, flying around behind them basically?

KEITH: I’m gonna, I’m gonna still follow them. Yeah. Is there something around Jack that I could’ve crawled up into?

AUSTIN: No, there’s nothing you could crawl into near Jack. They don’t bag his face, this time.

KEITH: Eh, like a pocket? I dunno.

AUSTIN: There’s no benefit!

JACK: Lem just taking an inward breath and just—

AUSTIN: Yeah! Just, in your— you’re in his mouth. Okay. They lead you to the palace, which is a— It’s up, above the rest of the town. It is raised up a— y’know a few stories above the rest of Nacre. And there are kind of 3 wide staircases that lead up to it, from different angles. The whole place is, is, y’know, like the other towers, made of marble and ivory. Al— Like, alabaster. All the brightest, shiniest, whitest materials. And as you get closer and closer, that is complemented with, kind of embellishments and inlays of gold and, and red. Red banners with very delicate inlays. There are a few courtesans— er, not courtesans, courtiers— hanging out in the kind of palace district. Many of them wear masks, and you’re curious what that's about. They lead you, all of you—

KEITH: Masks are never good.

AUSTIN: To a big, central room. In the middle is a large rectangle of marble that seems to sprout from the floor. And the section from underneath it, it rotates around. Hella, this is super familiar to you.

JACK: Huh. Huh.

AUSTIN: The— Architecturally, this throne dominates the space. It’s a big, open throne room, and the throne is in the center, and not the back. It seems to be able to like, rotate to face any direction in the room, which, y’know, isn’t normally what you do with a throne. A throne should have its back up against the wall, right? Where it’s safe. But here, it’s at the center. And it dominates the room architecturally; it’s like a keystone that kind of holds the whole room together. And I say that it dominates the room architecturally, because the room’s atmosphere is dominated by the woman who is sitting in the throne. Next to her is a— I’m going to describe her in a second as she kind of stands and you get a full view of her. But next to her is a tall, thin, ghost man, who is much less saturated in color than the rest of the people. Everyone else has either kind of a bright white or bright blue coloring to them; his is almost a faded gray. He’s, he’s, y’know, more o— less opaque? Less opaque than the other ghosts. And has just like, very little color to him. He has a— what you imagine is a gray beard, a carefully managed pouf of hair lifting up and back from his head, and a circlet— a kind of very fancy circlet, with a glowing red gem in— on his forehead. And his clothing reminds you a bit of Fantasmo’s, these kind of, like, stately robes, but they’re much cleaner than Fantasmo’s. They look refreshed and like, taken care of, versus like— There’s nothing about him—

KEITH: Tazzy’s a dirty boy.

AUSTIN: Yeah. There’s nothing about him that’s like, like “ohh, remember the good old days.” Like, he’s still in his good old days—

JACK: These are actual robes, right?

AUSTIN: He’s just kind of old, right?

KEITH: Right.

AUSTIN: The woman— He announces her. He says,

VENTARO DOCE: May I present: Adelaide Tristé, The Queen of Death, Empress of Pearls, The Reluctant Savior of the Longest Light, Blessed by the Far Sea.

AUSTIN: And the kind of courtiers in the room kind of like all turn to her. This is a big space— This is, like, a football field big. And so they’re like all over the place. But everybody like, hushes up and turns to face her. And some people kneel. Not everybody, but some people kneel. Some people y’know, quietly salute or make a bow. It's kind of a range of, kind of affected respect being played— er, paid to her. Even when she’s still seated, when she first— when the throne first turns around, you can tell that she’s this tall woman, and when she stands up that becomes even more clear. She has glowing brown skin, which really contrasts with the pale and fleeting colors of the rest of the city. Her features are round, and she draws you in with her gaze. Whether it’s a sort of trust or a respect or an allure, there is something compelling about her. And her dress is perhaps the only thing like it that you’ve ever seen. It has the color and the motion of the sea. It moves. Its color adjusts according to the light. It seems to live. Her hair is a kind of braided updo that forms kind of a crown around her head. And there is no actual crown there. But behind her —you can’t tell from this position if it’s part of the throne or part of her— her back— like her outfit— But there is a, a sort of metallic halo that comes up, around her. With like a semicircle, and then another semicircle, and then like sharp, sun-like rays, pointing out in different directions. Like spears. And— At first it’s in her lap, but as she stands she puts it next to her, is Hella’s blade. She’s very, very beautiful. And the way she holds her beauty, it’s— It’s like it’s her duty to be beautiful. Like she isn’t vain; she’s not a vain person, but she definitely lives in a world and in a space where... vanity maintains history that would otherwise be lost to the world. 

Adelaide Tristé: Welcome to my court. Come closer.

AUSTIN: And she like, waves you forward. And at a certain point, even though she’s waved you forward, her advisor, like, dude is like, like stops you guys from getting too close.

JACK: Hah.

AUSTIN: Gimme one second to figure out how to… Nope, that’s not doing it… How the hell do I pop out this video again? I would really like to pop it out, so I can always see it. And there’s no way to do that.

KEITH: What are you poppin out?

AUSTIN: The like, Skype video. Y’know how sometimes Skype does a little side video? Like—

KEITH: OH, and you closed it, and there’s no way to get it back?

AUSTIN: I closed it, and there’s no way to get it back.

KEITH: No, you’re just done.

AUSTIN: I’m just donezo.

KEITH: You’re done, buddy.

AUSTIN: Okay. Well, whatever. Move this over here. Alright. As you get closer you can see more of her fa— the features of her face. She is, you guess, in her 30s. But it’s hard to tell. There is something— Y’know that look? ... You know Obama? The President? Of America?

KEITH: Yeah. No, I know that guy.

AUSTIN: Uh, Barack. Barack Obama. Barry. He— She has that sort of like, the ability to be both smiling, but also like, kind of dominant that he does?

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: She has just like, the lightest smirk on her face, as you approach. 

Adelaide Tristé: Welcome. Tell us, Ordenna, do your people still burn fires on the shores in celebration of a good expedition?

AUSTIN: And she’s addressing Hella, who she has called Ordenna.

HELLA: Uh, yes.

KEITH, referring to Adelaide: That’s kind of condescending.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Well.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: I spent some time there, as a girl. A beautiful land. One of the few grand things that the troubled times brought to Hieron. 

AUSTIN: She holds the blade close to her and then calls her advisor over, who she whispers something to. She looks up in the air, as if looking for something. And she says,

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Small one, what do you think of our fauna here? Come, don’t— Don’t be afraid. 

KEITH: Uhhh.

AUSTIN: You’re still a hummingbird, right?

KEITH: I’m gonna— still a hummingbird. Can I say, can I answer that it’s really nice, but as a hummingbird?

AUSTIN: You can’t talk; you’re a hummingbird.

KEITH: I don’t know, maybe she— She’s the fuckin queen of diamonds—

JACK: Close.

KEITH: Maybe she can ans— hear hummingbirds.

AUSTIN: You.. tweet some things, and she smiles and says, 

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: That ability is not among my many.

KEITH: Okay. Then I—

AUSTIN: Er, sorry. She says, 

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: That ability is not among our many.

KEITH: Our many. Okay. So, I guess I’ll be a— I guess I’ll be a person real quick.

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: But a tall one.

ALI: Real quick. Yeah.

KEITH: A taller one; I’m gonna transform into a tall boy. 

AUSTIN: Uh huh.

ALI: Can you do that? No.

AUSTIN: I— I don’t think so.

KEITH: No. Not yet.

AUSTIN: Not until he studies people? I don’t know, I haven’t thought about it.

KEITH: No, no, no. There’s an— There’s a— There’s an ability later on, an advanced ability where I can transform into people. It is a-very neat. Here’s what I will do. I will be just the normal old Fero, and—

JACK: The small one.

KEITH: And— And then compliment her awesome trees. 

AUSTIN: She asked about your fauna, not your flora. Thank you.

KEITH: Oh, did you— I thought you said flora.

AUSTIN: No. Sorry, if I did, that was on— my fault.

KEITH: Because it wouldn’t make sense— Oh, okay.

AUSTIN: But she asked about— what you thought about, about their fauna.

KEITH: Have I noticed their fauna?

AUSTIN: Well you had that weird moment— You did have that weird moment with them, where it was like, “ah, they’re alive and dead at the same time, this is weird?” But no, you haven’t, like, spent any time communing with them.

JACK: Just lie.

KEITH: Oh! She’s, wait— She’s calling her— those peop— those people fauna?

AUSTIN: No no no no no! Like, the animals. The animals. She’s talking about the animals. You had that moment when you first flew near the town; you felt that.

KEITH: Oh, oh oh oh. Right.

AUSTIN: And that was weird.

KEITH: Right. I do remember that. Then I tell her that is was super weird, but also interesting.

AUSTIN: She laughs.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Ventaro, take this one to the zoo in the morning. I think he’ll enjoy it.

FERO: Ah wait, hold on. Don’t take me to the zoo.

AUSTIN: And he nods— She says,

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: No, no. Just to visit. We have many—

KEITH: Oh, okay. 

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Many old species here that we— I think you would enjoy.

FERO: I thought you were gonna put me in the zoo. Sorry, queenie. Thought you were gonna put me in a zoo.

AUSTIN: A cour— Some— A courtier somewhere like, Like, drops his glass.

COURTIER: Well I never!

AUSTIN: And she just laughs, a bit. She chuckles.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Archivist.

AUSTIN: She looks to Lem.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: A gift, to welcome you to your new home.

AUSTIN: She nods to Ventaro, her— her advisor guy, who picks up a small wooden box from near the throne and brings it to you. You see that it has a strange lock mechanism on it, and— with like a little keyhole, and like, all sorts of little clasps and stuff. And it’s locked tight— like you take it and you can feel that it's compressed, closed, shut. And as he— As you like take it, he then reaches back around his neck and lifts a ghostly keychain— er, like a ghostly chain that has a key at the bottom off of his neck.

JACK: How is it ghostly?

AUSTIN: It’s the same as— looks like him. Do you know what I mean? It looks like, see-through. Like a ghost.

JACK: Right. Yeah. It’s a ghost chain.

AUSTIN: Right. Not a ghost of—

KEITH: Are there ghost shops where they sell ghost stuff?

AUSTIN: I don’t know.

KEITH: Why don’t the ghosts want to wear real stuff?

AUSTIN: They can’t. Or they can! Because here’s the thing. When he puts the chain in— in Lem’s hand, it gains color again. And materiality. It’s a little gold key, but it has like a hefty weight to it for something so small. Ventaro nods to you and walks back to Adelaide’s side. She says,

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: He may seem solemn, but our chief librarian here is very much looking forward to working with you. As a first project, I’d like the two of you— As a first project, we’d like the two of you to look into the history of this blade.

AUSTIN: And holds up Hella’s sword.

ALI: What? No!

LEM: Thank—

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Ordenna, we will of course return it to you when we are done. We know how you are about your weapons and your war, but we hope you will find peace here, among us. Little bird!

KEITH: She hates peace.

FERO Yeah?

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: We know that you, too, are hard to keep caged. But you will be rewarded for your loyalty. And we do hope to let you spread your wings for us a bit.

FERO: I also do big birds.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: So I’ve heard. The poor Captain Brandish is still tending to those wounds you’ve given him. Twice now! Twice now.

FERO: He’s kind of a dick.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: He’s very useful.

JACK: Man drops his glasses again.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

COURTIER: HWUAHH!

AUSTIN: Smash, break.

KEITH: He keeps— farther and farther each time!

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: And he’s very loyal. He’s died for us, multiple times now. You see, friends, we need eyes in the world again. When my brother— Our brother—

AUSTIN: She corrects herself.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: killed our father, it was because the two had very different visions for the empire. And for Hieron. Archivist, You’ve met— You’ve read many histories, yes?

LEM: Yep.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: What is a kingdom?

LEM: Ohhh, it depends on who you’re askin.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: I’m asking you— We’re asking you.

AUSTIN: Most of the time she says “we”. I’ll let you know when she fucks up and says “I”.

LEM: It’s- It’s a collection of people and histories and cultures, ruled over by a king or a queen.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: What separates a good kingdom from a bad one?

LEM: If they’re— If they’re— if the king or queen—

FERO: Three hots and a cot?

LEM: I’m— I’m sorry, Fero?

FERO: I said three hots and a cot.

LEM: Is it maybe— Is it—

JACK: And like Lem— Lem is desperately, like, trying to look for a right answer here, because—

AUSTIN: There is a genuine curiosity in her voice. This isn’t the teacher trying to pull out the right answer from you.

JACK: Right. But at the same time like, Lem’s not a— He’s a bard— He’s not a—

AUSTIN: Right. Yeah.

JACK: Y’know. He feels it would be— To him, it feels like presenting to Morbash, or something.

AUSTIN: Sure sure sure. Yeah.

JACK: So I guess it would be, he says,

LEM: When the king or the queen is acting against the interests of their people, or their culture.

AUSTIN: She nods.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Sadly, that is what our brother did. He refused—

JACK: Wow.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: —the throne. He refused to protect and support his people. He refused to become a beacon for a better world. He refused to acquire what we need for our many still-living inhabitants. We wish— My father... Our father—

AUSTIN: She corrects herself.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: —wished to return the beautiful dead of Hieron to life. To return the world to the state that it was in before the troubled times. Our brother had no interest in that past. He could not dream of a world so vast, held under the reins of one man. So, when whispers of Velas’s… council, their democracy, fell on his ears, the fool was led astray. We wonder what he is thinking now. This throne cannot be his. But, perhaps... We do not want what our father wanted. We do not want the old days returned; it is a foolish dream to have, we admit. But we see Nacre as a way forward for Hieron. There is no death here. Death is a voluntary thing. And this is why I wish you to ask my brother—our brother— how deeply he really wishes to die. Because if he will not stay here, then he must die for his sin. Would you speak to him, for us?

AUSTIN: I think she’s mostly—

FERO: I'll do it! I’ll talk to him.

AUSTIN: Okay.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: I thought so, little bird.

FERO: Heyyy, what’s up. Uhhhh, quick thing. Quick thing. You said, y’know, y’all needed some eyes for the world, blah blah blah blah blah. But you also, y’know, also talked about how we can’t leave, et cetera. You’re saying—

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: No one— No one leaves the kingdom of death once they’ve visited.

FERO: Okay. But, you’re still gonna just let— You’re— You’re gonna let us, like, go out of the... city. You said the thi— You said the eye thing.

AUSTIN: Right. Wait, what— What eye thing? Talkin about, like—

KEITH: You said, “we need eyes in the world”.

AUSTIN: Oh, yeah yeah. Okay.

KEITH: Right.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: The vision—

AUSTIN: She says— She smiles and says,

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: As Death’s eyes look over the world, the world becomes Death’s. With a kingdom large enough, there is no outside of it.

FERO: Uhh… We’ll talk to Cappy.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Please use his name.

FERO: W— We’ll talk to Calhoun.
 
AUSTIN: Her voice trembles, just a bit.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Calhoun,

AUSTIN: She says,

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: Was a name he used to flee this place. To flee his people and his duty—

FERO: Right, okay. Sorry. Prince, uh— Prince— Prince—

KEITH: And then I look at my friends.

AUSTIN: And then she’s gonna— She’s gonna— Yeah. At this point, I think, she is— she is committed to finishing the whole long, ridiculous thing.

KEITH: Okay. Okay, sure! Go for it.

ADELAIDE TRISTÉ: His name, as his father gave it to him, is Angelo Tristé. He is Lord Tristan IX, The Ivory Crown, Our Brother, The Prince of Pearls, The Emir of Alabaster, The Reluctant, The Betrayer, The Coward, The Wretched, The Abdicator of Hope. And he will never be any more than that... But if he wishes to die, he will certainly be less. Go find out what he wishes. I hope we can find a place for all of you here. You are talented and young. And beautiful. And I would hate to see beautiful things destroyed.

AUSTIN: She like, kind of like gestures, and her throne slowly turns back the other direction. For a brief moment, Hella, you saw her father’s face appear in front of hers, as she turns, with a lingering look on you.

KEITH: Okay. So. Dad wants Cappy dead.

AUSTIN: He does.

KEITH: Sister wants brother either there or dead.

AUSTIN: I think— I think— So, you’re going to be escorted as a group back to the place you were before—

KEITH: What it sounds like, she wants him to stay.

AUSTIN: She would like him to stay.

KEITH: Hold on, you’re breaking— You’re breaking up again.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: I think you’re back now.

AUSTIN: Okay. She would like him to stay. And have some—

KEITH: Right. Yeah.

AUSTIN: Some reconciliation, right? Like, he’ll never be emperor at this point. She has taken that; that is hers. But.

KEITH: Right. But.

AUSTIN: But he can still serve a big purpose for this vision of the future for this place. I think you are taken back to the holding cell that you were in before. Maybe a better one, now there are definitely three of you? We’re gonna wrap up at this point, because it’s super late. You’re taken back to the holding cell. And the kind of chief librarian slash advisor— regent advisor, Ventaro Doce, explains that in the next few days, the man you call Calhoun, Angelo Tristé, will be put on trial, if he does not come to his own decisions regarding his crimes. That trial will be fair, but it will be harsh. They don’t like permanent— They don’t like true death in this city. It is— It is a response held only for the most vile criminals. And is almo—

KEITH: Right. Like, someone that kills the emperor.

AUSTIN: Right. Like someone who kills the emperor, their father. And he hopes— He hopes, Ventaro hopes that you can convince Angelo to stay. And, and become a symbol of reconciliation, and a symbol for the rest of the world about what Nacre can be. And he says—

JACK: Do they know that the rest of the world doesn’t know they exist?

AUSTIN: It’s unclear. Hella, can you do me a huge favor?

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: I just realized something. On the way back, give me a— give me a wisdom roll. 

ALI: Oh. I’m not very good at that.

AUSTIN: That’s fine.

ALI: A 6!

AUSTIN: Okay. You see a face that you swear you recognize, but you cannot place it. Ventaro smiles and says,

VENTARO DOCE: Please, don’t try anything foolish. You’re in a city of thousands, all of whom are... fatally loyal.

KEITH: Oh god, that’s so obnoxious.

VENTARO DOCE: I would hate to see anything happen to you; you seem like good folks.

ALI: Do we?

KEITH: Eh, a couple of us do.

AUSTIN: I think he even respects you, right? He’s been around. In fact, Lem, you notice— So, sorry. I should’ve painted the picture of this dude a little bit better. Like, given you a bit more detail on his robes. His robes are really nice. And they are— What you notice is that they have the same symbol on them. He has like a little lapel pin, I think, that is the same as the one Gregalos had on his ring. Remember the ring—

JACK: Ohh boy.

AUSTIN: —that Gregalos gave you to show people to get, like, free whatever? He’s wearing a similar pin.

JACK: Mhm.

KEITH: Oh, I’ve got that with me.

AUSTIN: His— Okay, yeah. Fero has it. It looks much older.

JACK: Right.

AUSTIN: His looks older than the one Gregalo gave you by... a lot of time.

KEITH: Yeah. ‘Cause I remember, you had said that ours looked old, but it wasn't— It didn’t look ancient.

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly. His looks ancient. His looks like— Like, yeah. I think we’re gonna leave it here.

JACK: Before we go.

AUSTIN: Yeah, please.

JACK: Is there any chance— Is it at all worth my while opening the box that I got?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Absolutely!

JACK:’Cause it might be like a month before we record next.

AUSTIN: Good call. Yes. That night—

JACK: So, as we’re just hanging out—

AUSTIN: Mhm.

JACK: In this thing. 

AUSTIN: They give you— Er, you take the key and you put it into the box and you open it up. And in it are two pieces of parchment, a book of poetry, written by Tristero— that he wrote while visiting as—when he was still a deity. And the two pieces of parchment are maps. One of them is a map of the Empire of Nacre from before the fall. It reaches to Rosemerrow and up towards Velas; and you notice that Ordenna is not on that map.

JACK: Hm.

AUSTIN: The second is a sort of, map of the future. A map of the time forward. The plans of Nacre. What they wish to bring under their control in the near future. And you can see that the Kingdom of Nacre, hopefully, will expand to include much of what used to be under their control. Up, over to— I’ll pull you guys over to the actual map of Hieron. So, from the spot that you’re at—which is, again, where those two Xs are, near Ordenna—the new kingdom would stretch from— y’know, from here, down the entire coastline to re-envelop Rosemerrow and up, around Velas. Ordenna would not be touched.

JACK: So this sort of, like, northwestern peninsula.

AUSTIN: Would be all of that. Yeah. With The Erasure left alone. So like—

JACK: Cool.

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah. You understand what I’m saying, right? I don’t need to—

JACK: Yeah!

AUSTIN: Yeah. But over to like here, and then up to, y’know, here. That whole, like, little loop. That whole—Yeah, exactly.

ALI: Oh, but not going all the way south?

AUSTIN: Not past the forest. Like down to this mark, let’s say—

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: Through the forest and up, leaving this university. But basically this quadrant, y’know?

ALI: Right.

JACK: Mhm.

AUSTIN: Not touching the New Archives, not touching The University. The New University and the New Archives aren’t even on this map, right? Like, this is a map of just this quadrant, basically.

ALI: Okay.

AUSTIN: And Ordenna is not on this. Er, is not— Is not— Ordenna, as a body, isn’t on the first map. And it isn’t— The body is there on the second map, and it says Ordenna, question mark. But it doesn’t— It doesn’t— It’s not part of the Nacre.

KEITH: Is that what this is?

ALI: Question mark? Hm. I don’t like that.

KEITH: So…

AUSTIN: So I think, let’s leave it here? And pick it up next week with the, the confrontation and maybe the trial, and whoever knows.

KEITH: We were supposed to go to a tower.

ALI: Yeah, have we all just forgotten about that book?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah! Weird about that, huh? It’s weird. I’ll remind you of a thing I said before—

JACK: Gee, I wonder what’s happening with that.

AUSTIN: Yeah, I wonder. There’s lots of things in motion, currently.

KEITH: Well I know that you said that.

ALI: It’ll be fine.

AUSTIN: What are you—

KEITH: We could probably make it.

AUSTIN: Fero, do you stay in this room?

KEITH: Listen, the only thing we won’t have time for is to get back to Greggy.

AUSTIN: I can give you one more— I can give you one last thing. 

KEITH: Cool. Okay. 

AUSTIN: Fero, do you leave at any point?

KEITH: Leave the, the holding cell?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Or do you stay? 

KEITH: Hold on, you can’t— You’re breakin up.

AUSTIN: Do you stay or do you leave? Am I still broken?

KEITH: Do I leave the holding cell?

AUSTIN: Yeah. Yeah. It has a window, y’know?

KEITH: Yeah, yeah... Yeah! Sure, yeah. Of course I leave. I’m a kestrel.

AUSTIN: Okay. You fly high above—

ALI: Are they cool with him leaving?

AUSTIN: I mean, no one's—

KEITH: If they— I mean, they know that I’m a bird. 

AUSTIN: Right. They know that he’s a bird. There is a degree of this that’s like— There’s a degree of it that’s just like, “Well…”

ALI: “What is he gonna do anyway? Like, okay.”

AUSTIN: Right, right. Exactly. He’s not single-handedly gonna go save anybody. Y’know?

KEITH: I might though! What if I did that though?

JACK: What if Keith went and did the book quest in the south, all on his own?

AUSTIN: Have like a solo— solo adventure. You’re flying out above the sea, kind of stretching your wings. You think it could be really easy to leave. And, as you pass through the fog that separates— separates Nacre from the rest of the strait, you see them on the horizon, to the west. A dozen warships, flying the Ordennan flag.

ALI: Ooh!

AUSTIN: Coming this way.

ALI: Ooowha— What? 

JACK: War!

KEITH: Gonna be a weird old war~

AUSTIN: Boy is it! Let’s do end of game sesh stuff.

KEITH: Alright. Eufgh.

AUSTIN: Uhh… Foof, yeah. I thought the other session was bad. No. This is— This is— “Did you learn something new and important about the world?”

JACK: Yes.

KEITH: Wait, hold on, was this—? Do you think this— Do you think we’re in a worse spot than they are?

AUSTIN: No, no, they’re— Well! You’re in a worse spot now than they are, but their session was way rougher.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: Does that make sense?

KEITH: Yeah.

JACK: I think— I think we learned something about the world.

AUSTIN: Yeah, so take 1 for that. “Did you overcome a notable monster or enemy?” No.

JACK: No.

ALI: I defeated Ginny.

AUSTIN: Yeah, but it’s a group question. You have to answer the question as a group. Did you—

JACK: I chopped that man’s head off.

AUSTIN: You did! You guys both did good things, but you didn’t overcome, as a group, a notable monster or enemy. Like.

ALI: Ehh.

AUSTIN: “Did you loot a memorable treasure?” I don’t think you looted a memorable treasure. You were given a thing, but—

JACK: No, not really.

AUSTIN: Alright. So then, that’s 1 from that, take the ones that you got for missing things. Hella, make sure you mark that one that you just got. The miss on... that wisdom.

ALI: Oh. Oh, the 6 that I just got? 

AUSTIN: Yeah.

ALI: Okay. I leveled!

AUSTIN: Good job. “Choose one of your bonds that you feel is resolved, completely explored, no longer relevant, or otherwise. Ask the player of the character you have the bond with if they agree. If they do, mark XP and write a new bond.”

KEITH: Hm. Here’s one. “Hella can be relied upon in combat. She is a fierce fighter.”

ALI: That’s true. That’s a true thing.

AUSTIN: No. Nhmm.

KEITH: It starts off that “you can be relied upon in combat.” Hella cannot be relied upon in combat; she cares only about her own interests.

AUSTIN: Yup!

ALI: Sometimes! 

KEITH, typing: … relied upon … in combat, and cares … only about her interests.

ALI: Damn. Sure.

AUSTIN: Hella and Lem?

KEITH: That says “cobat”. That’s not the right thing. Okay. Nice Call of Duty chips.

AUSTIN: Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare! Unlock exclusive ingame gear.

KEITH: You get exclu— You get some ‘sclusy gear off that hot chip bag?

AUSTIN: Hot ‘sclusies. Even in French— It has French on here.

JACK: You got some hot French ‘sclusies.

AUSTIN: How do you say ‘sclusy in French?

JACK: I don’t know. I don’t know.

KEITH: I also don't know.

JACK: I’m gonna look up what exclusive is in French.

ALI: I have a bond with Fero that is “Fero is more useful than I originally thought.”

AUSTIN: Ah huh?

ALI: Um, we were fighting together and I died? 

KEITH: You were reckless.

ALI: That’s true. 

AUSTIN: You can change it. You can totally change it.

KEITH: And I fucked up what’s his name. Pirate man.

AUSTIN: Brandish?

ALI: Brandish.

KEITH: Brandish. Fucked that guy up; I did 12 damage in one move!

ALI: Well… You should’ve healed me.

KEITH: I didn’t have time. I had 8 health left.

ALI: I think that’s still—

AUSTIN: Yeah you can totally— You can change it.

ALI: I think I’m gonna keep it.

AUSTIN: Oh, you are? Okay.

ALI: Yeah.

JACK: None of mine, I think. I think all of mine are still— still sound.

AUSTIN: Okay! Well, that was this week.

KEITH: Jack, you and I both have one from last week. Do either of us have a thing to fill in, also?

JACK: I don’t think so. Not at this stage.

AUSTIN: Okay. Let’s time dot is, then. Let’s all head over there.

ALI: Oh boy.

AUSTIN: I’m gonna—

JACK: Oh wait.

AUSTIN: What’s up?

JACK: Can we— Can we, um— Can we level up after this session? Will we have enough time to rest and level up?

AUSTIN: Absolutely level up. You’re absolutely going to take a rest.

KEITH: It’s your current level plus 7, you said?

AUSTIN: Yes. Absolutely.

KEITH: Okay.

AUSTIN: As always, people listening, thank you for doing that. For listening.

JACK: You did a good job.

AUSTIN: If— If you would really just do us a huge favor, and went onto iTunes, and found us there, and gave us a rating and a review, that would be the best. That would really help out. You can find us on iTunes, obviously search for “Friends at the Table”. As always, you can find new episodes at friendsatthetable.net. You can also find the video game live streams that we do at streamfriends.tv and at runbutton.net. We do different— To be clear, Keith does runbutton.net.

KEITH: I do Run Button. Everyone else does Stream Friends. I also do Stream Friends, but not officsh.

AUSTIN: I just got a hot ‘sclusy tweet to read off here.

KEITH: I was just gonna tell you that tweet! I was gonna read that tweet.

AUSTIN: This is a tweet from a fan, @hutchuniversity, who says, “I am loving the” quote, “‘Keith will fix it in post’ bit from Friends at the Table. Reminds me of Home Movies.” We do our best. We also got—

KEITH: Out of sight!

AUSTIN: All night. We also got a tweet earlier from the LSDJ, who just says, “boat party?” question mark?

KEITH: Ah man, boat train wreck.

AUSTIN: Yeah.

JACK: Well if, if what the LSDJ is referring to is the Ordenna warfleet arriving… 

KEITH: Oh yeah, that’s a boat party.

ALI: Yeah, that’s a boat party. What’s goin on there?

AUSTIN: Good question. You can find me, if you want to tweet things at me about this— about this game, @austin_walker on twitter. Also you can find me on twitch at TheCalcutec and, as I said before, on twitch at StreamFriends, one word. You can also read the things I write at clockworkworlds.com and, often, at pastemagazine.com/games. Keith, where can people find you?

KEITH: You can find me on twitter @somethingdumb. You can find the Let’s Plays that I do at the aforementioned runbutton.net, which is youtube.com/runbutton. That’s good enough.

AUSTIN: Jack?

JACK: You can find me on twitch and twitter @notquitereal.

AUSTIN: That’s it? No, no game studio?

JACK: Not today.

AUSTIN: Not today. I understand—

KEITH: Oh! Then I’ll take one of Jack’s. Jack. I— You can also— I’ve been streaming a little bit more. You can find me— the Run Button twitch channel at twitch.tv/runbutton.

AUSTIN: And Ali. Where can people find you?

ALI: You can find me @ali_west on twitter. And then I just wanted to make a quick note that if you are some sort of bizarro person who only listens to this podcast on iTunes somehow… Cool. Thank you. But you can also go to friendsatthetable.net ‘cause the website is way different now. 

AUSTIN: It is!

ALI: And this is the first time we would’ve ever mentioned it. There’s like, character bios and stuff, if you wanted to read that.

AUSTIN: And maps. And—

ALI: You can listen to our theme song.

KEITH: I’m gonna buy it.

ALI: Awesome.

AUSTIN: Maybe by the time I— By the time this video goes up I’ll have— er, this episode goes up, I’ll have added like a history of the world—

ALI: Yeah.

AUSTIN: —to that website. That would be cool. I could have some free time to do that.

KEITH: Do you guys also obsess over your twitter bio? And change it all the time, constantly?

AUSTIN: No, I never change mine. Mine is locked in place.

KEITH: What is yours?

AUSTIN: It’s all— It’s like super professional. It’s super for-work. ??

KEITH: Oh.

ALI: I recently changed mine and I-

JACK: Austin Walker, lives in the world.

KEITH: Mine right now— I just changed mine, mine is right now: Cohost of the world’s only Let’s Play duo. World-renowned comedy boy. I’m a grown man, watch me crumple like a paper cup underfoot.

AUSTIN: That’s pretty good. That’s pretty good.

KEITH: Yeah.

AUSTIN: Alright.

ALI: Have a great time. Go to twitter and read our bios.

AUSTIN: I just did. Mine’s not even funny a little bit. Have a—

KEITH: I love reading! I love my bio. ??

AUSTIN: —good week, everyone. We’ll see you next time.

JACK: Have a really good week.

ALI: Thank you.

KEITH: Oh man, Jack’s song is playing right now and it’s hot. 

ALI: So good.

KEITH: It’s hot!

ALI: I love it.

AUSTIN: It’s really good.

JACK: This is my— This bit’s my favorite bit. 

AUSTIN: If I say—

KEITH: Oh, this is the part— Wait, right now, hold on— The bell. Ding!

AUSTIN: Oh it’s so good! It’s so good.

KEITH: So good.

AUSTIN: Okay.

JACK: Keith, you just made a load of work for yourself. Because—and I’ll tell why you just made a load of work for yourself—I like the bit now where the bells go… Ding!

AUSTIN: No!

KEITH: God dammit!

AUSTIN: … We’ll fix it in post.

KEITH: I can do—

AUSTIN: Night everybody!

KEITH: Goodnight. Hold on, hold on, wait for those bells, and— There we go!

AUSTIN: Alright, let’s clap at 30.

[AUTUMN18]

KEITH: Hey, guys, it’s Keith, you might know me from this podcast and editing this podcast. Just a quick note ahead of time, just wanted to let everybody know this is a super short episode, uh, because the next episode gets into some sort of new game-ster stuff and Austin spends the first few minutes kind of setting up that, that that new stuff and it would be a total waste to have that as part of this episode, because then next week you’d get into it and everybody would’ve forgotten and it would be terrible. Also Art’s audio is a little messed up. I did my best to fix it, uhm, it’s pretty listenable mostly, ah, but he just wanted to come on and say that he’s sorry, so Art, take it away.

ROBOT VOICE: Hello! It’s me! Arthur Tebbel! I am sorry that my audio was messed up this week. Keith tried his best to fix it and he did a great job. I really appreciate him and his work. Without him, I am nothing. 

KEITH: Thanks, Art, I appreciate it --

ROBOT VOICE: I am a boy lost at sea. We thank Keith for all that he does for us.

KEITH: Well, that’s not necessary, but go ahead if you need to.

ROBOT: Keith is now, Keith is forever
LOW ECHOEY ROBOT TONES: Keith is now, Keith is forever
  different Robot voices: Keith is now, Keith is forever

KEITH: Thanks, Art, that was really sweet. Aaaaaanyway, on to the show


AUSTIN: Hey everybody, welcome to Friends At The Table, an actual play podcast focused on critical worldbuilding, smart characterization and fun interaction between friends. We are, as always, presented by streamfriends.tv and runbutton.net. TOday we are continuing our game of Dungeon World, a game by Sage LaTorra and Adam Koebel based on a hack of, uh, Apocalypse World by D Vincent Baker. Uh, and, uh… We’re gonna - I’m gonna jump right into it today. And then we’ll have room for recap in a moment or two, but I wanted to immediately like, paint this opening scene for us. Uh, as always, our agenda is to portray a fantastic world, to fill the character’s lives with adventure and to play to find out what happens. Um, at the very end of the last session, the every end, you passed through the worst of the storm. Um, that is in the mark of the erasure, and you’ve run into two people. Uh, a human lady with red hair and a lot of strange equipment and belts and robes and a sword. And you recognized her, uh, Fantasmo, and with her was a large orc, ehm, who had a pair of glasses on and was very clearly from the new archives. Ehm, at the very beginning of this, you know, there is a. I kinda wanna again, kind of paint you guys the- the picture. You, you’re still kind of probably covered in ice and snow from passing through this huge blizzard, um, and you… are under the shadow of a MASSIVE tower that has fallen on its side. Uh, for Fantasmo and for, um, tsk, Hadrian, this tower, the style of this tower, is familiar. It’s like the one that you, that you explored on the Isle of Eventide, back on our first adventure, but it is much more massive. This tower would house the entire population of Velas easily, with room to spare, um. The two of them, Lady Sunder Havelton, who is the curator-in-residence at the new archives and formerly the dean of arcane acquisitions at the university council of deans, and Uklan Tel, who is the semiotician emeritus at the new archives, they lead you to a nearby hill, uh, which is a kind of a small crevice in between a couple of hills where they’ve set up camp. This area is gorgeous. Um, it’s, rolling green hills, there’s lots of flowering, uh, just like, wildflowers, that are in bloom, and it’s… it’s one of those scenes that changes the way that you understand scale. Um, it’s sort of like. I don’t, I don’t know if you’ve had this experience before, but iI spent a long time driving past small, um, like, windmills? Or not, Not windmills, but uh, like, wind power.. things? You know? 

ART: Turbines?
DRE: Wind turbines?

AUSTIN: Wind turbines, thank you. Um, they’re like, they were small, and they were in Jersey and there were a few of them on the way in to Atlantic City. And then one day I drove past a bunch in upstate New York coming down from Ontario to NYC and they were like the biggest thing I’d seen that were that shape. Like obviously I’ve seen skyscrapers and stuff before but like… I’ve seen lots of big buildings, but I hadn’t seen anything that was like this, this was just like the most massive wind turbines I’ve ever seen, and it just like completely… reminded me of my, my, the smallness of my being, and the size of things that people can create, and just… this is like that for you. Like, this is a tower but it feels like a mountain but you know a person touched all of it. You know? So it’s weird to think that. Uh, and to feel that way. Um. Again, this area is beautiful and it’s warm, but it’s… tsk… it’s not, you’re not like immediately joyous, right? Um, the, the semiotician, Uklan, who has, he is kind of a gray skinned orc with red hooded robes and sashes and like, like Sunder, has like a bunch of belts and pouches and she looks… he kind of looks… they BOTH look like final fantasy characters in a sense, right? That’s like the aesthetic of the New Archives, it’s like, it, it doesn’t, there’s just a lot of places to put things and to carry things and like, I’m certain they have access to hammer space, uh, so, and he has a pair of those, like, pince-nez glasses on, and he has like, he’s older, he has a scrunged-face but a friendly scrunged-up face, there’s a kind of grandpa quality to him?

DRE: Avuncular?

AUSTIN: Yes. And he kneels down, uh, at the campsite between a couple twigs. You guys are still like shaking and still cold. And he starts to like, move the twigs around, pushing on them here or there.

UKLAN: Ah, ah.

AUSTIN: And then he cuts a little piece of the end of his belt off and drops it right in the middle of a pile of sticks and the second it hits the whole thing comes, comes alive in flame. Um, and almost instantly you feel your bodies warming, warming up from the supernatural cold you passed through. Hadrian, even you, who had not felt cold, because that was one of your powers, the powers of the vow you had taken, 

ART: Sure

AUSTIN: Even you suddenly felt something warm inside of you. Which is weird.

ART: It is weird!

AUSTIN: Uh, Uklan is seated on a little foldout chair that he has set up a little ways away, um, and he’s scribbling in a notebook and, and, kind of referring to some maps and a bunch of other papers. Uh, Sunder is up on the hill and she’s scanning the horizon with her eyes. THe three of you sit for a while, and as the cold leaves you, you feel something missing, somehow. Like there is a hole in you. At first it feels like maybe the cold drilled down so deep into you that you lost something, but after a bit of time, each of you, on your own, can’t help but wonder if that feeling of emptiness was within you all along and you just hadn't’ noticed it yet. Sunder returns from the hill to look you all over. Again, um, Fantasmo, you know her. You knew her.

NICK: Yeahhhh

AUSTIN: You knew her from when the University still stood. Um, ah, I think maybe, maybe I’m wrong here, we can talk about this, but, uh, my image of her in relation to you is that like she is a friendly, a playful rival? Um, that respected you, but differed almost entirely. Um.

NICK: Okay

AUSTIN: But still respected what you did, right. So you were, um, this, this… man of theory, right, this man of letters who stayed inside -

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: - who worked on, on completely theoretical concerns, who worked through magical formulae and who, you know, didn’t really care about practical magic, or, or only did in an abstract sense, right?

NICK: Mmm, yeah.

AUSTIN: And she was very practical, and she was outgoing, you know, students loved her, and she was worldly, she traveled away from the university a lot. And, unlike you, she was deeply appreciative of semiotics, the sort of um, magical abilities of the new archivists.

NICK: Mmhmm.

AUSTIN: The, the kind of thing that Jack’s character Lem does.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: Um, but again, there was still a sort of friend… friendliness between the… that she felt towards you. I don’t know how you felt towards her. But she definitely thought that you were kind of… she could see through your scrooge-ey… your scrooge-iness? 

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: and understood like, for whatever reason, I’m glad he’s around. Um, so she kind of comes over and does a little crouch around the fire with, with all of you, and she’s looking at Fantasmo but kind of addressing everybody.

SUNDER: So what the hell happened? You all look like you had a rough trip.

AUSTIN: What do you tell her?

ART: I look, I look at um, uh,

AUSTIN: mmhmm…

ART: ummmm…..

AUSTIN: Throndir?

ART: Throndir.

DRE: Hey!

ART: Sorry. I lo... love you guys.

DRE: It’s, you know, it’s been a while, we all gotta work out, work out the kinks.

AUSTIN: mmhmm

This is the ten minute point

ART: yeah. It’s been a little bit, right?

DRE: We should have done roleplay stretches before we set out.

AUSTIN: Yeah, it has, we shoulda. LA LA LA LA LALALALALA

NICK: Unique New York. Unique. New York.

SOMEONE: boo boo boo boooooo

ART: you can’t go on recording without an obscure home movies reference.

AUSTIN: um…

ART: But yeah I’m gonna let him lead this, it’s his thing. 

AUSTIN: Throndir, or Fantasmo?

ART: Throndir. I mean, I mean our trip was his…

AUSTIN: Well, He was your… Yeah, that last bit was definitely his thing.

ART: That was the bad part of the trip as far as I’m concerned

AUSTIN: Ah, ok…

DRE:That was the bad part, I guess. Um, I guess if you’re gonna give Throndir the lead he will spin a yarn.

THRONDIR: Um, Well that’s Fantasmo and my name’s Throndir, by the way, nice to meet you, thanks for this… wonderful fire. Um, I met, uh, Fantasmo and Hadrian back in Velas, I was, I was paid by the council to, to help them come here. You may have noticed I’m one of the snow elves, I grew up in the city that’s not… that’s not far from here. Um, so I led them deep, deeper than I’ve ever been, into the mark of the erasure, where… where we fought various creatures including, well, some, some interesting things happened, um

AUSTIN: She laughs.

THRONDIR: But we were doing fine until we decided to see if we could stop back at Auniq to get some supplies before making the final push to the tower and uh… They weren’t happy to see me or us, um, we barely got out.

SUNDER: Well, I’m glad you did.

AUSTIN: She now does look directly at Fantasmo.

SUNDER: I’m surprised to see you here, of all places.

NICK: How long has it been since they’ve seen each other?

AUSTIN: How long have you, how long has it been since you left? How long has it been since the fall of the tower… Of the university, rather?

NICK: At least, at least fifty years?

AUSTIN: See, I thought it was closer to like, ten to twenty. I thought it was –
NICK: oh really? I thought it –
AUSTIN: Yeah, I have it written down here, let me see –
NICK: oh, alright.
AUSTIN: Um, yeah, 25 years.
NICK 25, okay.
AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah yeah, which is the middle ground. In fact, I think - here’s, yeah, she is, she is human, right, and she’s in her, she’s in her fifties now.

NICK: Okay.

AUSTIN: which were, that was how I was imagining her, as being kind of middle aged, still with a lot of life in her –

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: Right, like, She’s, she’s the sort of person you can imagine retiring early so that she can go visit the world while she still has lots of spring in her step

NICK: Sure.

DRE: She’s the cool aunt that you look forward to seeing at thanksgiving dinner.

AUSTIN: Yeah, yes yes yes, she’s absolutely cool aunt, that is who she is, that is completely what I had in mind. So yeah, the last time you saw her, she was much younger, right, like, she was a prodigy in practical magic, she was really good at, ah, kind of intuitively putting things together, not like you at all, right –

NICK: Yeah…

AUSTIN: Like, she isn’t a wizard. She, she, she is a… I mean I’ve been calling her internally, in my own head, a witchblade, like that sort of combination of NOT like the comic, Art!   Um,

ART: You can’t undo it!

DRE: How much clothes is she wearing, if she’s a witchblade?

AUSTIN: No, no, she’s…

AUSTIN: but, you know, this kind of, there is something… more like the D&D sorcery kind of spellcasting happening with her which might, for you, Fantasmo, explain why she likes the, the semioticians a little bit, right –

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: - that she, like, oh, magic is all around us, or something is all around us, we can bend it to our will if we do it right. She’s even, she’s much more wild than they are, right, like she’s much more… capable of touching the arcane in the air, and like, bringing it into, into power for her momentarily, but would not be great at what you do at all.

NICK: Sure.

AUSTIN: but it’s been 25 years, so who knows.

NICK: Right.

AUSTIN: So yeah, she asks you, so she says

SUNDER: I’m shocked to see you here. I’m surprised you’re not huddled away in some small cave somewhere with a bunch of books around you, this isn’t like you

She says, she says,

SUNDER: This isn’t like you, old man!

FANTASMO: I have no more books left to study. I am finding new ones.

AUSTIN: mmm. She nods her head, um, it’s the sort of thing like that is, it communicates, it communicates that she’s now putting together the pieces about who you are, right, like, okay, that’s, that’s what it would take to get you out of there –

NICK: sure.

AUSTIN: right, that’s where your priorities are.

SUNDER: so, how do you all kn-

NICK: And that’s also, uh, you know, that’s really him putting a spin  on the fact that he doesn’t have his cushy little cloister anymore.

AUSTIN: Yes.

SUNDER: so did you all know each other before you were sent on this, uh, little endeavor?
FANTASMO: sort of.
ART: ah-

THRONDIR: Well, they knew each other, um, before this, but I’m, I’m the new guy!


AUSTIN: She reaches out and puts a hand on your shoulder.
SUNDER: Don’t worry, there’s always a new guy, you’ll be part of the crew in no time.
AUSTIN: She does… at this point, with her hand on your shoulder, she says
SUNDER: So what are you, what are you looking for? What are you here for?
AUSTIN: And she’s addressing, I think, I think she’s addressing Throndir directly here.

THRONDIR: to be honest, I think I know what I’m looking for more than when this started, but I still don’t, at the same time.

AUSTIN: she looks over at Hadrian and Fantasmo –

NICK: Fantasmo rolls his eyes.

HADRIAN: We, we found a tower in the North and, and in that tower there was, there was a map and this is, this is indicated on that map.

SUNDER: lots of it here. We’re here, you know, for the usual, reconnaissance, investigation, retrieval, this is what the new archives has us doing and honestly I’ve been… petitioning to get the funds for this trip for two or three years, now. Finally got it, was about ten of us, the prince over there and I are the only two that are left.

ART: I can’t remember how much I know about Jack’s life from the…

AUSTIN: I don’t think you know anything.

ART: ‘Cause like—

AUSTIN: -- You know he was an archivist,

ART: Right

AUSTIN: you don’t know that he’s on the run, because… ehhh

ART: Is it intel?

AUSTIN: Maybe.

ART: There was stuff before the first game, where we --

AUSTIN: right, but he wasn’t… he was on the run then, but… but he didn’t know that they knew 
that he stole the fiddle, or the violin, from them at that point.

ART: Okay, so –

AUSTIN: but, but where th… you may have gotten the lightest hint was when you first came back from that first tower, jack made himself scarce often. Like you had all those debriefings with the counselors and he would like… show up late and leave early. And like, sometimes people would come in looking for him moments later, but it was never… who knows, y’know?


ART: I don’t think Hadrian’s the “light hint” kind of guy.

AUSTIN: Right. Exactly.

DRE: yeah….

HADRIAN: It’s, it’s really too bad you didn’t get to meet our other companion, he was, he was one of, he was from your… your group.

UKLAN TEL: Mmm. There’s lots of us out there. I’m sure he’s, uh, off doing… something else important.

HADRIAN: Yeah, yeah I…. really have no idea.

NICK: Uh,

AUSTIN: This one –

NICK: Fantasmo shoots Hadrian a glance and just, like, subtly shakes his head a little bit.

SUNDER: To be honest, I-I-I’m- I’m glad I’m at the Archives now, after the university fell I didn’t think… well, I’m glad I’m there, but it’s… it’s weird, you know. Academics, right?
AUSTIN: She laughs.
SUNDER: This one doesn’t think this tower fell.
AUSTIN: And she shrugs and, you know, behind you, is the tower. that’s fallen across miles, you know, five or six miles of tower that’s just like, splayed across these hills, clearly broken into tons of little pieces, some sections still put together, but also just… rubble.

ART: There’s like no chance it was built sideways?

AUSTIN: No chance. No chance anyone built this this way.

ART: Alright.

NICK: wait. Is she saying, uh –

AUSTIN: she’s saying Uklan—

NICK: uklan, ok.

AUSTIN: thinks this tower never fell.

NICK: hmm. Like –

DRE: Throndir kinda perks up and says,
THRONDIR: No, it, it stood once.
AUSTIN
SUNDER: I know, I know… I know.
THRONDIR: No, I…
SUNDER: So, uh, what do you think? You up for, for an adventure? You want to, uh, scout this place out with us?
HADRIAN: absolutely! Absolutely I do!
DRE as throndir: Yes.
AUSTIN as sunder: Hey, prince!
She calls over to him, and he like, sighs, and comes over.
DRE: Prince is here?
SUNDER: He’s, he’s, sort of a prince? He’s sort of a prince. The archives has a real complicated political history, It’s just... Yeah anyway he was a prince, and then he wasn’t a prince, and now I think he’s a different sort of prince? I just, I just like to give him shit, he hates it.
AUSTIN: He like, stumbles over, and, and grumbily walks over with, with a pile of like maps under his arm, and like, and he’s like reading a, a, some sort of chart or he has something in his hand with writing on it that he like, his eyes don’t leave it, and he like crinkles up his face and pushes his glasses up on his head
UKLAN TEL: ah, okay. Here’s uh, whewhwehwm.
AUSTIN: He puts down things like one by one and reaches out to shake your hands one by one.
UKLAN TEL: Ah, okay. Ah, I am Uklan Tel, uh it is, it is a Pleasure of mine, to meet your acquaintances. Now, now. Um, uh, would you hand me, would you…
AUSTIN: He points to Throndir and like immediately has, has recruited Throndir, whether he wants to be or not, to be his like page, like
UKLAN: would you spread this out for me, son, please?
THRONDIR: What? Yeah, uh, sure, okay
AUSTIN: and hands you a map
UKLAN: we have to act quickly,
AUSTIN: He says. In fact, in fact. And he takes, he reaches into the like side of his robe-sleeve, and pulls out a pen, and like immediately begins to redraw part of the map. And you can see as he’s doing that, it’s because the map has begun to fade, even though he’s been working on it this whole time.
ART: is this…. What I’m looking at on the screen, here?
AUSTIN: You should zoom out some.
ART: got it, got it.
AUSTIN: Um, so. Just to be clear, it’s hard for me to know what you can see, because I have stuff that’s like the GM level versus the, like, the player level and stuff –
DRE: Sure
AUSTIN: -- but. So. What you’re looking at is, um, kind of a hand-sketched map of the fallen tower. Um, there’s a big chunk to the southeast that runs, kind of runs southwest to northwest, let’s say, southeast to northwest rather, um, and there’s kind of a big chunk of four sections, um, which is surrounded by a couple of other, uh, like chunks that have fallen off, maybe? Um, it doesn’t line up perfectly, like there’s, this isn’t just like “oh, it fell in place”. There are things, things out of place. There’s this big gap –
ART: wait, what do you mean it’s fallen in four chunks
AUSTIN: It’s, I mean they’re put together still. There’s four levels.
ART: oh, okay, I got it.
AUSTIN: This section here, the southeastern section, is kind of a big base level chunk that is still together, that’s four sections. Then a big break with a little bit in the middle, um, another extra wide section, or maybe it fell the wrong way it’s hard to tell, um, and then a few other major sections to the northwest of that. You are, on this map, kind of towards the southwest, um, if you see the campfire – Yeah, you guys are that little sun symbol.
DRE: Okay.
AUSTIN: ah, um. So, he says,
UKLAN: this is the basic, uh, structure of what we’re looking at here. We haven’t gotten close enough to investigate any of these sections but we have seen some strange movement in, uh, the, a number of the areas of the, of the tower.
AUSTIN: No, he doesn’t say “the tower”. He just says, “of the structure”. He’ll never say that this is a tower. Um,
UKLANL all along the side of it there’s been… strange movement. Small groups of, ah, we’re not sure, we’ll have to get closer. What we think is, that most, we think that lots of people lived here. And when lots of people live in a place, even if no one lives there anymore, there’s always something of value. Do you know what you’re here for? Specifically?
FANTASMO: I’m hoping to find another book.
UKLAN: Yes, this is certainly a place where we can hopefully find a great deal of information. Hopefully I won’t have to fight you for it. Haha! … hah… uh..
DRE: lead balloon, buddy!
NICK: Fantasmo, like, has no reaction, just stares at him blankfaced.
HADRIAN: Um, I mean, I seek the evil that caused the, the destruction of these lands, and to… to destroy whatever I can.
AUSTIN: He shoots, he shoots Sunder a look.
UKLAN: Oh, yes. You’re here to fight the evil. We’ve run into those like you before. There’ll be something here for you to hit, though, ah, ahah, ahem, it does look as if you’re a bit ill-equipped currently.
DRE: daaaaang
AUSTIN: what are you wearing and what do you have at this point, Hadrian?
ART: nothing. Like, whatever I was wearing in jail.
AUSTIN: underclothes, basically?
ART: I mean, I’ve imagined they’re, you know, no one just puts armor on their skin –
AUSTIN: right, that’s what I mean, but it’s –
ART: so it’s probably like decent clothes, you know, I’m probably wearing pants and a shirt
AUSTIN: right, right, but they’re not like good, they’re not like… going-out clothes?
ART: Right.
DRE: I’m kind of picturing, and I – I d—I don’t like referencing other media but I’m picturing what Blackwell wears in Dragon Age Inquisition when he’s not in his armor. If you know what I’m talking about, Austin?
AUSTIN: Mmm, I can see that.
DRE: like that kind of padded underclothing, you don’t just wear a shirt under your chainmail or whatever.
AUSTIN: Yeah, yeah, I do. Yeah! Right right right, yeah, that’s a good point because it’ll get stuck and junk.
ART: and I’m sort of imagining that it’s embroidered with a, with a holy image, because that seems like the kind of thing, um, a guy like Hadrian would do, like, “yeah, all my stuff needs this image on it, this is important.”
AUSTIN: Right.
NICK: I was imagining, like, long john onesies.
AUSTIN: that’s what I had been imagining too, until now, seriously, but I like this, I like this more.
NICK: with the butt flap, and everything.
DRE: Buttflap hanging open?
several people giggle.
AUSTIN: yeah, I’m fine with the padded undergarments. That does make sense, especially since you were going into a place that was going to be cold, even though you took that vow, like who the fuck knows, like, wear the good stuff.
Nick: long johns are the fucking good stuff-
DRE: yeah I agree
ART: and, it’s also, and this only occurred to me today in the shower, is that, um, when… my vow is to find the truth of the… and so we find the truth here, I stop, right, and I suddenly need to eat and sleep and not freeze to death again.
AUSTIN: Right, yeah. Mmm. Yeah, yes. That’d be bad.
ART: Yeah, I don’t have any food any more.
AUSTIN: This is the strange tension of, of religious vows.
ART: Yeah, well I can probably transition my vow to “crush the snow elves”
DRE: Oh, boy
AUSTIN: Alright, so, I think, you’re right, I hadn’t thought about that you have a symbol, uh, a kind of visible symbol besides your ring. Um, did you keep your ring? Did you get to keep your ring, or did they take that from you?
ART: Um, I don’t remember, I don’t remember that we decided that.
AUSTIN: Well, they took your armor.
ART: Right.
AUSTIN: And the way you’ve been describing it, you were missing that, that piece, that chunk of armor around your ring finger, is that correct?
ART: Right, yes.
AUSTIN: does the ring slot on top of the armor, like, would they have to take the ring off to take your armor off. Or would it slip through? Do you know what I mean?
ART: yeah, I do, I’m having trouble like picturing what I think these gauntlets look like. Like, because the –
AUSTIN: I mean, they look like whatever you think looks coolest. And like –
ART: I mean I’ve always, I’ve always imagined the hands a little bigger, because I’m always just trying to get to that, that “seventh sea big hand” thing…
AUSTIN: Right.
ART: So, so, in that case it would slip over.
AUSTIN: There’s a faction in the game ‘seventh sea’ that has cool big gauntlet hands that break things, it’s good. Alright. You can have your ring, that’s fine.
ART: Yeah, that’s all I’ve ever wanted.
AUSTIN: We’re singing now, we’re the singing podcast, uh, that’s where the bucks are.
DRE: mmhmm!!
NICK: that’s just Dre! Dre’s just singin’ all the time.
AUSTIN: He’s a big singer. He’s that big singer.
NICK: I mean, that’s why we love you, Dre.
AUSTIN: Uklan, mmm… in fact, because he sees that you are um, ah, a knight of Samothes, um, he doesn’t just say what he says before, which is “we’ve run into you people before”, he says, um, he additionally says, uh,
UKLAN: When, when all your god has is a hammer…
AUSTIN: And he trails off
HADRIAN: I may be dumb, but I know idioms.
UKLAN: so. It was my thought that we might start…
AUSTIN: And he points to the small chunk here that’s closest to you. Did you guys see that? Am I on the wrong layer again? Okay, uh, there.
UKLAN: We could start there, from coming up from the south, towards this chunk that’s, that’s to the south of the rest of the structure, there’s, there’s movement to its north but if we stay, if we’re careful, we should be okay. From there, I’m not sure. Uh, it’s hard to tell… it’s hard to tell which side of this is, is which, or, or what would be where.
DRE: Austin.
AUSTIN: yes?
DRE: would Kindrali remember anything about what the different segments of the tower were used for?
AUSTIN: Do you have a move for this?
DRE: Yeah! I could use “Kindrali’s Chosen”
AUSTIN: Sure!
DRE: Uh, when I consult Kindrali, he who knows, about a historical artifact, place or event, roll +WIS. ah, eleven!
AUSTIN: Cool, what happens when you succeed?
DRE: On a 10+ I get something interesting and useful.
AUSTIN: okay. Um,  Kindrali… Kindrali has clear memory, looking in from some of the mountains to the west, of, from ah, from, you guys remember there’s kind of a sh—like a little kind of… not the appl- not that the Appalachians are… low, low mountains, but they’re not like. Super big mountains. They’re kind of like –
DRE: no, they’re not like the rockies.
AUSTIN: Right, they’re not the rockies. So like, the kind of low Appalachian-style mountains to the west of you, that you were briefly in when you were hunting that owlbear and kind of went up against the word-eaters… he was looking in as the tower was… when the tower was at full swing, um, and the… you can kind of piece together that on our map, the south east, here, is the bottom of the tower. Uh, going from southeast to northwest, that it fell in the western area. And then at the very bottom is where most of the people lived and worked. He saw people going in and out of there often, and there were also strange, like, there were other towers, smaller towers, connected at such levels that you could like. Go up and in to the sides of higher levels, but most people were down at the bottom, do you know what I mean, like there are other towers around this one that bridged in at, let’s say the middle of the area.
DRE: Sure.
AUSTIN: But down here, only, the only one, or, most of the people were going in and out of those bottom few levels, which are on your map to the southeast. And you, again, you see this through his eyes, right –
DRE: Yeah.
AUSTIN: which is a strange thing. One, because he’s just way taller than you, everything… you’re just not in your body when you see this memory. And two, because there’s, there’s kind of an emotional part of that experience, right, and I think for, for Kindrali, it was a sort of a combination of amazement and fear? Um, I, I don’t want to make this, I’m not making this comparison…. I want to make this comparison not necessarily free of political claim –
DRE: Sure.
AUSTIN: -- or political connection, uh, but specifically what I’m thinking about here is the feeling you might have had if you were, uh, let’s say, a white German in the 1930s, seeing the way that Hitler rebuilt the German economy and state.
DRE: Sure.
AUSTIN: Um, and exploded industry, right? How did this happen so quickly? How, what’s going… like, there is something amazing and something terrifying about-
DRE: yeah.
AUSTIN: the deployment of that level of industry. Um, you know. This tower, in his memory, it’s miles and miles and miles high, it’s… it’s a city, it’s a standing city. Um. That’s terrifying. And, also impressive. Especially, you can feel Kindrali think to himself, especially for a human
DRE: um, so I guess that Throndir kind of snaps back from his vision, and points at the southeast, and says
THRONDIR: This is where the tower once stood. These were the lower levels, this is where the people lived. If we’re looking for information, if we’re looking for the important things, they’ll be further up.
DRE: And he trances his finger up to the northwest.
UKLAN: that’s fair. Um, hm. Alright then.
AUSTIN: He, he again, Uklan doesn’t even, there’s something in his voice that like, he’s just like… “alright then.” He’s not gonna ask you how you know that he’s dealt with weird stuff, his life is going and dealing with weird stuff, he’s met sages and he’s met oracles, you know, like. “Okay, this kid just has this power, okay. Let’s roll with it, you sound confident.
UKLAN: then let me propose that we begin by going… here, and then working our way up. 
AUSTIN: Yeah… uh, what’s the ra—
DRE: Goooood call.
AUSTIN: good question, what’s the range is on that? No, um, what do you think the range is on that? Again how are you, do you, I forget how this works, do you pick a sense or something? Or am I thinking of, thinking of one of Fantasmo’s spells?
NICK: yeah, that’s..
AUSTIN: That’s detect magic? Okay. Yeah, just check for a second, I’d appreciate that. Nothing in your immediate vincinity, nothing at this camp is evil. These people are not evil. Right, they’re not secret evils. They might have they might have wildly different understandings of what is good for the world, but they are not evil.
DRE: yeah
AUSTIN: right, right. Right.
ART: -oh, it’s the –ation of - Um, when you pray for guidance, you ask what here is evil, and the GM will tell you honestly. And I guess what, what I was checking was our vicinity. I want to know these people, I want to know-
AUSTIN: yeah, that’s good. That’s fine. Okay.
ART: --sure it's gonna get murky up ahead.
AUSTIN: It will. Laughs. Uklan, he kind of motions, he puts his staff down on the ground and motions off toward that broken off chunk.
UKLAN: shall we?
THRONDIR: yeah.
AUSTIN: alright, so. Here’s here’s part one of new things I want to try, new cool things. Um, one of the things that you can do in Dungeon World is create new moves, right, this is, this is uh, one of the features that I like most about it, because it empowers both players and GMs to really create something that is unique and reflects their specific circumstances and their campaign. So, the way this works is, you can visit any of these places. In order to visit and explore them, it will take basically a work day, of time. These are, each of these places is big, is legit big. I’m not gonna like, we could spend an entire adventure in in a single one of these spaces. Instead, two things I’m gonna do. One, I’m gonna give you an overview of what’s in each of them, as you pass through them. Then you’ll each be able to ask me a question or ask me, like, oh I want to look specifically for this thing, and we’ll determine what happens based on that.
Two, whenever you, whenever you are willing to, whenever you want something a little bit extra, you can go for it, but you will have to roll for it. Um, uh, it’s a move I’m calling “search and scavenge” which is a 2d6 plus wisdom. Um, it, on the, on the, you, you roll, whenever you search the ruins of the tower, and open yourself up to harm, but potentially find something useful. On a 10+ you choose three, on a 7 to 9 you choose one. You can get something to eat or drink, which is plus 2 rations. You can find a useful tool or weapon, you can find useful information or long lost knowledge, or you can find medical supplies. The reason that this is important is, because each chunk that you go to – and here “chunk” I’m talking about every kind of subdivided section, there are four in this big area at the bottom, one to its east one to its west that’s six, seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen… fourteen. There are fourteen. Each one of those will take you the travel and exploration, will basically be taking you a full day. To travel there, to explore it thoroughly, to come back to camp.
DRE: Gotcha
AUSTIN: so you can visit any of them, and I’ll give you the base level detail, and you can also do this move to try to get more. If you fail that move, stuff will jump off. Like, but I’m not gonna say “oh, you went to this place…” I’m not necessarily going to say… some of these places have some things in them, is what I’ll say. That are just there. And some stuff might jump off. But, you won’t be put, you won’t be put into immediate irrevocable harm. I’m not gonna make a “hard move”, to use the parlance of Dungeon World, just because you went to a place. What you’re gonna end up doing is opening yourself up to that if you based on if you do this other move, or other actions that you do. So that’s part one of the new thing I want to try. There’s another thing that we’ll get to, I think momentarily.
DRE: Okay.
AUSTIN: um…
DRE: Perfect. 
AUSTIN: Yeah, uh huh. As you, so you start to approach this, uh, this chunk here, let’s move you guys up to here, let’s say, and you can tell even from this distance, uh, that it is different than the rest of the tower. It is more ornate. It looks like the top of the tower that you saw on eventide. Lots of, uh, embellishments, lots of kind of ornate decoration. But it’s also in lots of places, been smashed to rubble. Um, it’s completely torn apart in places. The outside of that structure is white, but inside you can see lots of blues and golds, very… very regal. As you get closer and closer, you notice above a… there’s kind of like an open window, not a window, but… there’s a balcony with a big, big window. You know what I mean, imagine a Victorian era party, where people sneak out onto the balcony to whisper gossip, right? That sort of balcony is what I have in mind. Does that make some sense?
DRE: yeah
AUSTIN: you, Fantasmo and Hadrian, see a symbol that you recognize, that you saw in the first tower that you traveled to. Do you remember that, do you remember that kind of… that room where you found the first map, the kind of that floor?
NICK: Yeah.
AUSTIN: You remember that there were those rooms around it that had supplies and armor on them? On the armor there was a series of symbols, there was, uh, a shield, there was a sun, there was a tree, there was a, uhhh… a ship, and then there was an open book, with like a cup of… a cup in front of it. And on the top of this kind of, like, window balcony area, the windows are all shattered obviously, but you can see it was a window. Above that, there is, large, the size of a person, that symbol engraved there.
ART: oh, fuck.
SUNDER: Well goddamn, prince, you were right!
AUSTIN: Uklan gasps.
UKLAN: The tower of Samot. I knew it. There are conflicting reports, but it’s said that here is where the boy…
AUSTIN: and he trails off into a story. And here, we’re going to start playing a different game. This is another game by D Vincent Baker, who made Apocalypse World, who also makes a bunch of different really interesting games, he made dogs in the vineyard years and years ago. And recently he released a series of tiny games made to be played, meant to be played primarily through social media networks, especially google plus, which is where a lot of the indie roleplaying game community is. Someone is super breathe-y right now. I don’t know who that is. I think that Art might be stress breathing, but I’m not sure... I think it stopped. It stopped.
ART: w-who..?
AUSTIN: ah, 
ART: --because I stress passed out.




