MM: Hey everybody and welcome to the NeoScum actual play podcast!
GR: Oh fuck yeah!
MM: You wanna start over? Heeeeey!
GR: Heeeeeey! Aww, yes! 
MM: Yes!!
GR: Welcome to NeoScum!
MM: A Shadowrun actual play roleplaying podcast. 
GR: My name is Gannon Reedy.
MM: My name is Mike Migdall
GR: Dude… you’re listening to us, but do you even know what Shadowrun is?
MM: Do you? Well that’s why we’re here, to tell you what Shadowrun is.
GR: It’s like a futuristic D&D type game. I like to describe it as Blade Runner but with orcs. 
MM: Woah. That’s cool, because I like to describe as Blade Runner except with orcs, elves, dwarves, and gnomes. And humans.
GR: Hmm. I guess that’s more accurate.
MM: And also centaur. I’m getting a “go longer” from my producer.
GR: Okay. Go longer?
MM: Also it has pixies. 
GR: And? Trolls. Did you say trolls?
MM: I honestly don’t remember. 
GR: Mhm.
MM: Magic is also real.
GR: Yeah. And I’m gonna say it again, I’m Gannon Reedy. I’m the game master.
CT: What is that? What’s a game master?
GR: Oh what’s a game master? A game master is the guy who’s fuckin your-- 
MM: Okay. Hey Gannon-
GR: Sorry! Started to get nasty!
MM: Hey Gannon? You said you’re the game master but like what even is that?
GR: Well let me tell ya. The game master is- it’s like this cool thing. I’m like God pretty much in this game? I’m God, I control the wind, I control the guy who walks down the street. I tell you when to roll the dice, and I tell you what the dice mean. So I’m like God, a priest, Jesus Christ, and Buddha! 
MM: But there’s a couple of guys-- or gals--that ya ain’t. And that is because they’re the player characters.
GR: Well I guess it’s time to turn the camera around to? the player characters.
MM: Ooo. That camera just hit me in the face!
GR: Oh I’m so sorry Mike!
MM: Dude you swung it way hard. Ow. Hey everybody, my name, like I said, is Mike Migdall, and on this podcast my character is Dak Rambo. Dak is a maverick-y rogue trucker who’s based on a lot of 80s action hero tropes. He’s sort of rough around the edges and sometimes says things that he doesn’t mean, and he’s got a heart of gold buried deep inside a muscle-y body. Covered in flannel! Okay Blair if you--if you didn’t like that, then maybe you can introduce yourself and the character that you play on this podcast. Blair Britt, everyone.
BB: Hi, my name’s Blair Britt and I play the character Zenith. Zenith is a decker which essentially just means he’s adept at accessing and hacking into the matrix. Zenith also has a plethora of cybernetic implants and probably might have a few surprises up his sleeves!
ES: Speaking of adept, that’s me! I’m an adept elf. I’m Eleni Sauvageau, I play Pox who has a stark appearance and is very small with a little coat covered in pockets. She likes to steal things and eat lollipops and make friends. And she’s a sneaky little creature who likes to steal--she’s a sneaky…. Lil wench! And an adept is a very physically capable creature who has abilities like wall running and… high jumping and smashing… and… murder! 
CT: Adepts get their power from channeling magic, which is a little something that this last cast member likes a lot. Hi guys, it’s Casey Toney, I play the Tech Wizard, also known as Squirt Purpler, barely, never referred to as such, and I play a wizard of renown, he is the villain on a children’s television show in Chicago, Illinois, and he gets wrapped up in the world of shadowrunning in the pursuit of seeking more excitement in his life and he finds that despite being a deebish doofus, he’s somewhat well-suited for it and so he joins up with Dak Rambo.
MM: Dak Rambo, who might I add, also has cat eyes. I don’t think I explained that earlier--
BB: Did you say cat eyes? Because let me tell you, Zenith, of all of the characters, has some real crazy eyes huh?
ES: Yes, cybernetic implants.
BB: Yes, Zenith’s got an ocular drone which mimics a horizon flying eye drone type, just in case you guys are just leafing through the ole shadowrun PDF or the book itself. It’s on page 456 and all the stats are just laid out right there.
ES: Is that true?
BB: Yeah it is. 
ES: 456? 
BB: Yeah.
ES: Did you just look it up?
BB: No, I actually looked this up hours ago and memorized it.
MM: Okay guys, here’s the scoop.
CT: Yeah, in Shadowrun you’ll hear us rolling six-sided dice and we count the fives and sixes as hits, to judge whether or not we’re successful in our actions and sometimes we will use something called “edge” to affect those outcomes.
BB: Edge is a little what we like to call an x-factor in the Shadowrun universe. We can use it to reroll die, and maybe even reroll die one more time.
ES: And like also isn’t it so cute that the first few episodes were recorded on a snowball? A snowball! 
BB: A Snowball mic.
MM: But then it starts to get a little better, and that’s because it was recorded in One Shot’s Pocket Dimension recording studio space. 
CT: This crisp quality is what you can expect.
BB: And if you’re listening and being like “how on earth did they manage to edit something together with four people on one Snowball mic?” Guess what, we’ve got the best editor in the goddamn game.
MM: Casey Toney edits all the episodes. He’s a way better editor than Benjamin Franklin ever was.
BB: And Mike Migdall, some would say!
ES: Casey Toney, edit this in to the thing. Keep it in!
CT: Okay, keep it in!
MM: Okay guys. GR: I think it’s about time we get into this episode! 
MM: I think he’s right. Let er
GR: Let-
ES: Her
GR: Her
All: Riiiiiiip!
MM: Alright guys. That was really bad.
CT: From the beginning.
MM: From the beginning again.
GR: Blasting through the Indianapolis highway side, we see a banged up truck. Smashed up, bullet holes, gnarled up license plate and bumper. Thrashed! Smashed! Goin’ about… 80 down the freeway. Right now we’re in the, the Indianapolis countryside which is mostly flat, pretty boring, some forests here and there. You can see moisture farms in the distance. It’s a gray day. There’s a light rain. There’s lots of signs for ammunition depots and hot sim VR illicit sex dungeons. 
CT: Mmm.
GR: So we’re lookin at this truck. What- what does this truck look like?
MM: Alright. So the truck that we’re looking at currently with our camera lens - I assume it’s a camera.
GR: Yeah.
MM: This is pretty cinematic. Yeah, we see a flame-red cabin, a big, big wheel followed by 17 other big, big wheels. There’s 18 big wheels on this truck, and it has seen better days. The grille is all busted up and part, part of the grille has been fused together as if soldered by a giant soldering gun. There’s a trailer on the back that’s also just really dented and it’s got a huge decal of a pretty lady on a rocket and she’s--has a cowboy hat, and she’s like putting it out a little bit, like she’s saying “yeehaw” or something. Then on the OTHER side it says “Kiss My” and then it says “A” and then it says “S S” Oh, you know what?
GR: It says “kiss my ass?”
BB: It says the whole thing?
MM: It says kiss my ass. I almost made it by accident say just “SS” on the back of the truck, but I’m like, you know what? I’m gonna retcon that immediately. I don’t want my truck to say “SS” anywhere on it. You can tell that about half of the tires on this truck are flat. One of the tires, there’s sparks comin’ off it. There’s a unhealthy looking black smoke coming out of the three exhausts.
GR: Okay. So let’s say this camera pulls in fast, pulls into the, the driver’s seat. Who’s sittin’ drivin’ this vehicle?
MM: Drivin this, you see a bloodshot-- a man that normally would be considered very handsome by himself, and he’s got a rugged jaw, a human, uh… just kinda dirty, sandy long feathered mullet that’s concealed right now by a big red trucker hat. It’s got the Ares logo on the front. 
GR: A weapons manufacturer. Symbol of like a trojan face.
MM: Yeah, yeah. Just a hat that this particular fella uh got for free a long time ago, because he stole it. From some chump. And this guy- his name’s Dak Rambo, and you see his fingerless gloved hands grip the wheel tightly as his unblinking gaze continues to look out through the camera. 
CT: Next to him, rifling through a secret compartment on the inside of this truck is a portly man in his twenties with short hair under a blue wizard’s cap with white moons and stars. He’s also wearing full wizard’s robes. They look like something someone on a children’s TV show would wear. That’s because he is someone on a children’s tv show. HIs name is Squirt Purpler and he’s the Tech Wizard. He is, as you probably can guess, a wizard. And he’s also a delightfully insecure person. 
TW: Dak, now I know everything’s kinda banged up here, but you do still got some brewskies in the side of this hidden compartment, buddy. Can I give you one? You need to take that edge off, man.
DR: I know. God, Tech, you know normally I could pound at least five brewskies behind the wheel.
TW: Normally you would have by now!
DR: I know, but I just--it feels wrong right now. The state of this--of Xanadu-- 
MM: He looks into the camera and says 
DR: “That’s the name of the truck!” 
MM: And he looks away from the camera.
DR: It’s just. Xanadu is too beat up. I can’t be irresponsible. I gotta get her to safety. I gotta get her to Indianapolis. 
TW: Frankly, I’m just worried about you coming down, man.
DR: DON’T WORRY ABOUT ME! WORRY ABOUT YOURSELF!
TW: Alright, alright! Hey! I’m just-- you know, I just wanna help ya out. I’m just trying to be-
DR: It’s bad enough.
TW: Alright.
DR: It’s bad enough we lost Hnz. Alright? We just gotta get to Indianapolis. I’ve gotta meet up with Little Marco. He’s gonna fix Xanadu and then we can talk about it, then we can drink all the brewskies, then we can smoke all the space weed. We can do all the pills. 
TW: Could we stop at that fried chicken place I like?
DR: Raising Cane’s?
TW; Yeah, yeah. Neo Raising Cane’s. 
DR: Yeah, we can stop there. Once Xanadu’s fixed, alright?
TW: Alright.
GR: Tech Wizard--is he--does that make him happy?
CT: It does make him very happy.
GR: So he’s beaming? He’s like sitting there beaming?
CT: Mhm.
GR: Okay. So the camera pulls up from the Tech Wizard beaming happily, thinking about getting chicken at Neo Raising Cane’s, and the camera pulls out and it gets behind the truck and you can see the truck driving down the freeway and in the distance you can see these massive long stalks of corn and that--seeing that means that these guys are getting close to Indianapolis. Surrounding Indianapolis is this enormous corn farm with stalks of corn raising up to about thirty stories off the ground. There’s little drones flying around picking corn, and the camera shoooots over to Indianapolis, into uh sort of--what sort of neighborhood is Z living in?
BB: Uh so Z is--not actually living in Indianapolis, but he was in Indy for a gig, and he’s currently hanging out in sort of like Shadowrun equivalent of an internet cafe?
GR: Wanna describe the camera zoomin in on ya?
BB: Yeah, so the camera’s comin down and it flows down this street and as it goes from that like exterior of the town and further and further, deeper in, kinda like this… The environment gets gritter and grosser as it gets like more into kind of like a shamble of an area of a town, and so it pulls into this internet cafe of sorts, which is really just an… Like a room full of people doing BTL chips, and in this whole room of people freaking out and convulsing on the ground, in the corner there sits like a smaller, younger man--Zenith, who is like neatly and politely sitting in the corner of the room, his legs folded, with his eyes closed and he’s currently jacked into the matrix--on a cold sim, not hot sim, so he’s not totally in there. And he’s essentially just playing this massively multiplayer online game called Dragonstorm. So the camera pans towards Z and then gets really close to his face, and then all of a sudden we see his sight of his avatar in the game, which is called Black Hand, which is just this 20 foot tall dragon with a double war ax, and it’s just him walking around killing all of these other players in an arena-style combat with just people and usernames flashing and they dive at him and then he crushes them and just like the little kill logo keeps coming up over and over again. And then all of a sudden, the whole screen pauses and a message comes across the top of it. And it says “Alert! Darkmovers gig located.” 
GR: Okay. Yeah, yeah, that buzzes in Z’s frame of vision. And all these people who are convulsing around Z--why? Is that his doing? Or is that just because they’re jacking on BTLs.
BB: Yeah, they’re just going nuts on BTLs, and Z just sometimes will seek out areas like that just because he knows that it’s a place where he can also just jack in and not have to worry about his physical surroundings while he’s doing that whenever he’s not in his more secure apartment.
MM: And BTLs are “Better Than Life” chips that people do?
GR: Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. BTLs--so that’s a chip--
BB: That they’re putting into a smartjack and it essentially creates an experience that is literally better than life.
GR: Yeah. Can be super violent, super pornographic, like you can be living in an action movie, you can just be doing flying, you can be doing whatever you want.
MM: Yeah. It’s like--it’s like playing Rocket League.
BB: Yeah but like the best Rocket League you can--you’ve ever seen in your entire fuckin life.
MM: Every game is better than the last when I play. 
BB: But yeah, so Z is just--he’s like the one guy who’s not absolutely freaking out in this entire room, but this place is sort of set-up as kind of like an underground style--like this is definitely an illegal thing. There’s like a dude slinging BTLs chips and every once in a while someone like jacks out suddenly and then they shake their head and then walk back over to the dude with all the chips and then they pull out a credstick or something, buy another chip, and then jack it back in.
GR: Okay yeah. Okay. So let’s say--so Darkmovers. It’s like--it’s like Tinder for shadowrunners. 
BB: Right
GR: Those of the discreet art of living this nefarious roguish life in this robo-future. So it’s Tinder for these guys. It sets ‘em up with jobs. Let’s say it also--if there’s someone in a proximity to you that’s accepted a job, and they’ve done a job with you in the past, it’ll link you up automatically, and that’s why you see this message today. Dak Rambo has accepted a job, and it’s sort of like ‘do you want to accept?’
BB: Yeah, Z gets the notification up top that’s like “Dak Rambo is in the area and just accepted” and then the name of whatever the job is, like in number code or whatever.
GR: Yeah, yeah yeah yeah.
BB: And so Z, having not seen Dak for some time, probably like a few months at this point, opens it up and takes a look at the gig and sees exactly what the situation is.
GR: Let’s say you look at the gig and your eyes widen. Are they widening ‘cause you saw Dak Rambo or is it the nature of the gig? We don’t know, ‘cause the camera’s gonna pan out now, pull out of the people convulsing off better than life chips and zoom over to a dank--is it an alleyway?
ES: It’s an alleyway.
GR: Okay. An alleyway that Pox is hanging in right now. So do you want to describe the camera zooming into you?
ES: Yeah. So the camera zooms in all the way through alleys, it’s mazing through several different alleyways, you pass by some shady folks and into Pox sitting in the corner, looking pissed and counting. Counting the number of days that she’s been on the road, which has been about 76 days that she’s been on the road, trying to scrape up some money to either get someone to get her sister from England or to get back herself so she can kidnap her essentially and take her back.
GR: So she’s got someone she’s trying--she’s looking out for, far away. Is your tent like set up next to you
ES: Pox is--her name, for all her pockets that she’s got. So her tent kinda comes out of her own clothing and just surrounds her, basically like a part of her clothing and so she is in there but at this point her face is exposed so she can see what’s going on because it’s sort of late. 
GR: So it’s like a big ole tent and your face is just stickin’ out of the tent.
ES: Yeah so she can see what’s going on.
GR: Yeah. Have you run into much trouble in Indianapolis?
ES: So far so good, not too much trouble. 
GR: Easy, okay.
ES: Yeah, luckily just a lot of corn so far.
GR: How are you doing on money?
ES: Doing bad. Doin’ really bad. Poorly on money.
GR: That’s really fortunate ‘cause at this moment your comm buzzes, your lil’ cellphone style future phone?
MM: Bzzz.
GR: And it’s a notification from Darkmovers and it’s a job and it’s--what you see right away is 5000 nuyen. Pays pretty good so you wanna accept this job before anyone else does so I assume you accept it?
ES: Yes. I’m up.
GR: That’s great! So you accept the job and before you even read the thing it gives you directions so you like accept the job--ding!--and it gives you directions. They want you to meet with the Johnson today in the parking lot of a motel known as the Dappled Pine.
ES: The Dappled Pine.
GR: Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. 
P: Alright, I can find my way there, no problem. 
GR: Alright.
P: Dappled Pine.
GR: So does the tent go back into your pockets now?
ES: Yeah so the tent… she peels back the tent, she’s able to just sort of crush it up and shove it back into her pocket. It’s really lightweight material.
GR: Yeah. Yeah so just like boof, takes it off, smashes it throws it into your pocket. Determined. Ready to head out.
ES: Yeah. Fuck yeah.
GR: At that point, the camera flys back a lot closer to the city where this gnarled up vehicle is lumbering ever closer. What’s going on in there right now?
MM: There’s smoke coming out of the air conditioning vents right now. Right in Tech Wizard’s face, and Dak Rambo’s fanning it over just because it’s hard to see in this!
DR: Goddamn!
TW: Can we open the windows?
DR: Both of ‘em are broken! The window button... 
CT: He’s bashing it with his hand
DR: Hey easy there, easy there! Tech.
TW: Yeah?
DR: I need you to open the door.
TW: ...What?
DR: Open your passenger door. Just stick your head out. I need you to be my eyes.
TW: Are you kidding me right now?
DR: I can't see anything right now!
TW: Alright! 
CT: So he opens the door.
TW: Jesus!
DR: Alright. Uh, keep going straight.
TW: I mean I guess? There are a lot of cars here and they’re changing lanes and stuff. What do I say? 
DR: Anything! I’m driving!
TW: Okay! Slow down a little bit maybe?
DR: Let me- we gotta pull over, we gotta get to the side of the road.
TW: Okay. Okay well then I guess go to your right slightly?
DR: Go to my right.
TW: Oh god, jesus. Slightly! Okay so we’ve actually gone down an exit.
DR: Where are we going?
GR: There’s huge--you’re approaching the huge corn.
TW: Okay Dak? I’m just gonna say brake,but I want you to brake slowly because there’s-
DR: I’m braking already!
TW: Okay you’re braking really fast and there’s lots of cars behind us so maybe like put a little bit of gas on it.
NPC: Where you’d learn to drive, human school? 
DR: Hey you motherfucker! I DID learn to drive in a human school!
TW: Okay. 
DR: I’m just stopping it. I’m stopping it. Tell me we’re not in the middle of the road
TW: We are in the middle of the road. Okay but you want me to tell you we’re not? We’re not in the middle of the road.
DR: I don’t want you to lie to me!
TW: Okay well I don’t know what you want.
MM: Let’s fast forward to us. There’s like a Lonestar security officer like police officer who’s giving me a ticket right now and towing away Xanadu. 
Gorski Lubcevski: So you’re gonna wanna pay this ticket at the claims office. But...
DR: What is it--and is it uh. It looks like it’s just one nuyen. I can just pay that right---
GL: That’s 10,000 nuyen.
DR: Wait
TW: What?
GL: Yeah.
DR: Looks like it says one here. I see the one…
GL: That’s a one and those are zeroes. You want to count those. 
DR: Okay--Gorski? Look.
GL: Gorski Lubcevski?
DR: Gorski-
GL: It’s Mr. Lubcevski to you.
DR: Okay… Mr. Lubcevski… What do you say we make an arrangement, alright? What if you don’t take my truck and instead we can do something for you, something that you want us to do. 
GL: Mmhm. So you’ve heard about the ways of the Indianapolis Department of Police. How easily we are bribed. 
DR: Well… I don’t know if it’s a regional thing. Typically you Johnny Law folks are uh… well. I won’t get into that. But sure, yeah.
GL: Well tough for you because I’m the most integret member of the force! I don’t take bribes!
DR: ...Good! That’s good.
GL: I’m Mister Lubpinvski and… I love my country. 
DR: That’s good because we were just testing you and you passed! And because you passed, I’m gonna write a good review of you on copreviews.com, which is my website. This was all just a show and there’s cameras in his eyeballs. 
TW: What?
DR: He’s got…
TW: There’s cameras in my eyeballs? 
DR: You might notice him because he’s got this wizard outfit on…
GL: Does he know that?
CT: He’s smacking himself.
GL: He’s hitting himself pretty hard.
DR: He’s trying to put some cool effects on the cameras to make you look even more handsome. Oh boy we gotcha! And you got a five star review! 
CT: Tech Wizard has shot lightning bolts into his eyes and fallen back and passed out.
DR: Look, Mr. Lubcinski--this guy right here? He’s terminally ill and his last dying wish was to dress up like a wizard, like from one of those TV shows that they have, and drive around in a fucked up truck. 
GL: Alright! Well if he wants to keep living his dream, we’ll see you at the claims office with 10,000 nuyen.
DR: Oh have a heart Mr. Lubcinski, he’s gonna die by the end of the week!
GL: I have a heart. That’s why I’m the most integret member of the police force and that’s why I got a 4.7 star on cops.com--cops.com not cop.com.
DR: Yeah, cops.com is a disgusting website.
GL: It’s uh um… it’s a pretty good website. 
DR: Let me tell you.
GL: It’s pretty reliable.
DR: Some other websites...
GL: You know how hard it is to get a 4.7 when you’re a cop?
DR: Mister Lubcinski please don’t take my truck. 
GL: I’m taking your truck. 
GR: He gets into his cop tow car and he’s driving away after a slow start, they pull away with Xanadu and you guys are standing. 
DR: God.
GR: At this.
DR: Fucking dammit.
GR: So you’re screaming, you’re standing in this gas station surrounded by these huge stalks of corn about 2 miles out from Indianapolis and at this moment you feel a buzz from your phone. Your comm.
DR: Oh my god. This better be Officer Lubcinski callin’ me back and saying that he’s gonna bring the truck around.
GR: Alright it’s a message from darkmovers.com.
DR: What the hell?
GR: It says it’s got a job that’s perfect for you and it pays 5000 nuyen.
DR: And it looks like I already accepted it!
GR: And you did.
DR: I butt-accepted this job! God!
GR: And it says wanna link up with friends in the area? And there’s a little bubble face for the Tech Wizard, and then also--surprise surprise--a bubble face with a certain hacker named Z.
MM: Wow, and right as Dak Rambo’s about to press x and unaccept on this job that he did not mean to take, he sees his ole pal Zenith! And he says:
DR: Oh, would you look at that? Hey Tech! 
TW: Hey. Dak? I just realized that I probably don’t have cameras in my eyeballs. You were lying, right? That was a lie? 
DR: Y--yeah. 
TW: Okay.
DR: You don’t have cameras in your eyes.
TW: Yeah, I mean I figured that out.
DR: Did you think that you had cameras in your eyes and somehow you didn’t know about it but I knew about it?
TW: No, I was--i was just trying to sell- I was trying--
DR: Hey look!
TW: I was trying to sell the lie!
DR: I accidentally accepted this job and I got a friend! I know somebody here, maybe they can help us out and looks like--
TW: You know somebody right here! And his name’s Tech Wizard and he’s lookin’ at you and he’s ready to accept a job with his buddy.
DR: Tech, look, get on, the pay is 5000 nuyen, you get 5000 nuyen, I get 5000 nuyen. What’s that times 2? Enough nuyen to get Xanadu back.
TW: Yeah but Dak it’s not enough nuyen to get Xanadu back and go to Neo Raising Cane’s--you promised! 
DR: Look maybe we can mooch off of some of the other runners and besides-
GR: Another one jump--dings up. Ding! Pox. No avatar.
DR: Oh cool, look, and there’s this mysterious Pox that just signed up too. Maybe they kinda do something with like diseases. Look, Pox!
TW: Okay that’s gross but can we- can we like negotiate a better price? I’ve used that app like once.
DR: Yeah. The mission we met each other on!
TW: Yeah.
DR: Yeah. Whatever dude, we’ll get--it’s gotta be like 30 nuyen to get those chicken tenders.
TW: Yeah well that’s 30 nuyen I don’t have. And I just shot myself in the face with lightning so I want my goddamn chicken tenders okay?
DR: Alright fine look? We’re all having bad days here, my truck just got towed by some- 
TW: Okay and that’s. You’re right. And I’m sorry about that. I love Xanadu too so. Sorry. 
DR: And I’m sorry I snapped back at you.
TW: It’s okay
DR: You know there’s so much weed in that truck.
TW: Yeah there’s a-- tremendous amount of weed in that truck.
DR: Lot of girlie mags. Some boy mags, some robo mags. 
TW: Found a couple disturbing things in some of those hidden compartments when I was looking for beer.
DR: A bloody shirt? Did you find the bloody shirt?
TW: I didn’t find the bloody shirt. Was there a bloody shirt? Should I care about a bloody shirt?
DR: Well you shouldn’t care about the bloody shirt, and the people who should care about it aren’t around anymore to care about it.
TW: Why was one of those compartments filled to the brim with petroleum jelly?
DR: I lost the tub that it came in. And turns out I didn’t need all that petroleum jelly so I had to put it somewhere and that compartment just had some chips in it. Took those chips out, I put it in a different compartment and the compartment that the chips went in, that had a bunch of scorpion tails. 
TW: Oh I found that one too. 
DR; So they all-
BB: All of a sudden, you get a message from Zenith. Not through Darkmovers, just like from our personal channel and it’s uh: 
Z: Hey Dak can I get a ride?
DR: Oooo.
MM: I send a bunch of sad emoticons to Z and I let him know what happened, how our truck just got towed by some dumbass officer named Officer Lubcinski, look him up on cops.com. Or is it cop.com?
GR: I think you run cop.com and he said that he’s got a 5 star on a website called cops.com.
MM: Yeah. My website is fake, and his website must be real so yeah I just send you the link to this officer guy, and let you know that our truck just got towed. But- so no. 
Z: Oh.
DR: No, we- I can’t give you a ride. 
Z: Ok.
DR: Did you get that when I just said no?
Z: Yeah.
DR: ‘Cause I threw a lot of information at you and then I said no.
Z: Yes.
DR: I send you a gif of a panda fallin’ out of a tree.
BB: Z closes the channel.
MM: It looks like you’re typing so I just keep looking at it.
CT: Tech Wizard is wiping petroleum jelly on his robes, that he still has on his hands.
DR: You know what? I just realized Officer Lubcinski’s gonna get a real surprise when he opens up that petroleum jelly compartment if he finds it. 
TW: Yeah.
GR: You guys both chuckle, thinking about that and you look down to see where you have to go, and hey! It’s this place known as this motel called the Dappled Pine so let’s head on over to the Dappled Pine where Pox was the first to arrive. By the way, Pox-- so you’re--are you an elf or a human?
ES: I’m an elf.
GR: You’re an elf. So it’s this scummy, scummy motel. There’s just like a bunch of single story rooms around one main room, and there’s a hot VR sex dungeon also right off this hotel. It’s like attached to the thing. It seems to be one of the main reasons people come to this hotel. You’re first to arrive and it says you’re gonna-this guy’s supposed to meet you outside of this sex dungeon, this vr sex dungeon.
ES: So I’m meeting someone outside the sex dungeon,
GR: Yeah, the Johnson- 
ES: But not in the normal part of the motel?
GR: No, not in the--just. It’s really close by, he’s supposed to meet you there in about five minutes.
MM: Is it indoors?
GR: No, it’s outdoors.
MM: And we’re meeting in a parking lot? 
GR: Yeah.
ES: Alright. Yes, I’m meeting in the parking lot. Alight so I’m gonna scope out the premises. 
GR: How many hits?
ES: One.
GR: Seems fine!
ES: Yeah, seems fine, alright. Awesome. Good okay I’m gonna head over towards the sex dungeon where I hear all kinds of... sounds… comin’ from the walls.
GR: Yeah. It’s gross. But the lights are pretty! It’s reds and blues sort of like flickering- it looks like in the Wizard of Oz when they have the tornado shelter? It looks like a tornado shelter, it’s just a bunch of steps going underground and there’s these lights coming out-- yeah it’s gross! So how do you guys arrive? 
MM: Well, conveniently, we got towed not too far away from this place. This place is kind of on the outskirts of Indianapolis, is that correct?
GR: Sure yeah!
MM: And we start to just walk over in that direction. We’re both on the lookout for fellow truckers. I look for other truckers who might be able to give me a lift because typically a trucker can spot another trucker from 100 leagues away and they are bound by a trucker code to give each other a lift if they have to.
GR: Okay yeah. The trucker finds you guys and he’s taking you to the parking lot right now. He’s bringing in soy imitation chicken. 
TW: Got any secret compartments in this thing? 
DR: Hey, uh Beans? 
Beans (B): Aye?
DR: I just want let you know, Dak Rambo really appreciates this. 
B: Argh, tisn’t nothing! Just remember Beans! If I ever need from ye.
DR: Likewise. Oh, haha, that was a great belch.
GR: Beans is a very overweight troll. 
DR: Tech, you got any belches inside?
TW: Oh, I’ve got a belch or two.
B: Alright, here we are at the Dapplin Pine.
DR: Hold on. Tech, do a belch for Beans real quick.
TW: Okay. Alright.
DR: Don’t wanna put him on the spot, but this guy belches like no one’s business.
TW: Ready Oh god. Uh---
CT: And then Tech accidentally makes himself throw up.
DR: Oh, oh no!
B: God! Christ almighty!
TW: It’s all over my robes!
MM: Dak Rambo starts to throw up too.
GR: Beans also starts to throw up.
DR: Oh, stop Tech, stop! Oh my god!
GR: So Pox, you see this truck pull up with your one perception, you do see this truck pull up. And there’s three people inside of it and they all just start throwing up all at the same time.
P: What in the fuck?
MM: I’m throwing up entirely onto Tech’s lap. 
CT: Tech Wizard, while the car is still moving, it’s slowed but it’s still moving, opens the door and kind of rolls and tumbles out, hits the ground pretty hard and does like a little roll, and he’s like writhing covered in bile.
DR: I’m so sorry about that, Beans. 
B: Ah, you know you’re gonna have to pay for the clean up on this one!
DR: Oh, come on Beans.
B: 300 nuyen, you know it’s trucker code. 
DR: I’m good for it. Look, I’ll meet you in three weeks.
B: Three weeks! That ain’t good enough!
GR: He takes out a knife. 
GR: And he holds it up. He’s like
B: That ain’t damn good enough. Trucker code, don’t it mean nothin’ to ya!
DR: Look here. I’m sorry! I’m sorry that me and my friend vomited in your cabin. And I’m sorry because I don’t have 300 nuyen right now, my truck just got taken from me by the motherflippin pigs. So I don’t have 300 nuyen right now, but what I do have is a hug. 
B: You’re gonna have to give me something worth 300 nuyen!
GR: So then at this point, let’s get Z to enter. Z, how are you comin’ in on the scene? 
BB: Z’s just walking kind of patiently over to the location once he heard that he couldn’t do it. Luckily it was not too far away so he just walks over and is this whole conversation happening inside the cabin of the truck?
GR: Yeah, the door’s open and there’s this man dressed up like a wizard. He’s heaving with vomit all over him outside of the truck, and there’s just barf everywhere inside of the truck, and you recognize your old friend right away. 
BB; Yeah, Z walks up to the open door of the truck and just goes,
Z: Hey Dak! Is there a problem?
DR: Uh, I’m not looking right now but I’m guessing that’s my ole buddy Zenith! Zenith, there’s no problem here, I’m gonna give this guy something worth 300 nuyen.
BB: And Z just tosses you a credstick. 
DR: You’re real lucky Beans, because I was gonna give 300 nuyen worth of bullets to your face. But looks like my buddy here just bailed you out! 
B: I bet you wouldn’t, it would have got you kicked right out of the National Society of Honored Truckers. Let’s see that credstick.
DR: Yeah, I’m gonna credstick it up your bunghole
B: Just give it to me right-
DR: Alright! 
B: ‘Fore I hit the ejection seat. 
DR: This thing doesn’t have an ejection seat.
BB: So Z’s actually loaded like an overload thing onto a credstick, so as soon as he sticks it into his lil data reader, it just breaks his phone.
B: Ahhhhh! Crimicy almighty! 
MM: And as he looks up, there’s a gun pointed at his head. 
DR: Do you want the 300 nuyen worth of bullets? Or do you wanna just get out of here with your fuckin life, Beans? We were cool until we threw up in your car and I didn’t have 300 nuyen and you wouldn’t let me slide? Seriously, 300 nuyen?
GR: Is Pox reacting to this?
ES: Uh, yeah, she’s been laughing in the corner, especially at Tech Wizard who is covered in vomit and rolling around on the ground. So Pox is not gonna intervene quite yet. 
GR: Okay, great. So Beans looks at you cold. And he reaches into his pocket, takes out a credstick, then with his other hand he hits a button and you go flying out of the car. On an ejection seat.
DR: Ahhhhhhhh!
GR: And as you’re flying through the air, you see the truck peel off and drive away. 
MM: I land
CT: Right next to Tech Wizard
MM: Right next to Tech Wizard, who’s just covered in all of his vomit.
DR: Well it looks like we’re here in this shitty motel. Hey Z! Thanks for giving me a credstick that made that guy’s--that probably was worth more than 300 nuyen.
Z: Oh, no. That’s just- I carry those around whenever I get robbed on some random day.
DR: Okay cool. Well I got launched out the ceiling of this truck. 
TW: Does anybody have a garden hose? 
P: I don’t mean to interrupt. I haven’t got a hose, but i’ve got a tent! You can change out of your robe, put a tent on.
TW: Okay stranger, I’m gonna tell you two things about myself. Number 1, I find myself covered in vomit more than you’d guess, number 2, I never change out of these goddamn robes. 
P: Alright.
TW: Number 3- I’m sorry, who are you?
P: I’m just a girl. I’m just a girl! And I’m here for a job. And I’m assuming you lot are the ones I’m working with.
Z: Yeah, you didn’t checkout the contacts on the gig?
DR: There was- I saw you, and you gave me a shitty credstick, and I got launched out of a vomit soaked cabin, and then there’s someone named Pox who I’m assuming is some sort of skeleton person who’s got dark, toxic
TW: One of those old-
Z: That’s--that’s--that’s Pox.
P: That’s me. I’m Pox. 
TW: I really expected somebody with one of those bird masks?
DR: Oh yeah!
TW: Those renaissance bird masks.
DR: I was expecting someone who was just like 6’5’’, rail-thin, and had a hooded robe on.
TW: Like black eyeshadow like all around her eyes.
DR: But you’re cool too!
P: Well thanks, that’s really exciting to hear what you thought I would be like. But I’m not.
Z: Honestly, she’s got a much higher rating on Darkmovers than either of you guys. 
DR: Really? I’ve never looked--how do you check ratings? 
TW: There’s rating on Darkmovers?
Z: You guys don’t have the premium package? 
DR: I’m on a free trial.
P: I don’t have the premium package. I didn’t know I even had a rating. That’s awesome.
Z: Yeah. Pox is 4.9, Tech Wizard you’ve only done 2 gigs so-
P: Out of five?
Z: You don’t have a rating.
P: Out of five? 
Z: Yeah, they’re out of five.
P: Oh my god.
Z: Dak, you’ve got a 2.1. 
DR: 2.1! Not too bad.
P: Oh fuck. Fuck me.
TW: Hey, no rating might as well be a five, right?
Z: Well…
GR: At this point, you see a dark figure walking up, leaning against the VR sex dungeon door or entrance way, and he takes out a cigarette and he starts to smoke it. And he looks over to you guys and he says.
Creb Dulette Johnson (CDJ): You the runners?
DR: Who’s asking bub?
CDJ: The Johnson.
P: The Johnson?
TW: I’m sorry, excuse me?
P: The Johnson?
DR: Oh, uh. Tech Wizard. I know that you’re kinda new this, but the guys who give jobs, they go by Mr. Johnson because they don’t wanna let us know what their real name is. Just a little pro-Shadowrunner tip right there.
Z: Dak, our contact on this actually is named Mr. Johnson.
DR: Is that your name? 
CDJ: Well. Yes. It’s Creb Dulette Johnson.
DR: Oh. Credula Johnson, Dak Rambo.
GR: So Creb Dulette Johnson is a--he’s got. So from the neon lights, he’s like wearing a shiny plastic upper class suit, sort of like a new wave kid. He’s got his hair into Sailor Moon buns at the top of his head, and he has a muscle car tattooed to his neck and you can see it’s a BIG car, it’s so big you can that on the license plate, there’s a nuyen symbol. He looks very chic and high-class, he’s--his whole style exudes edgy, young business person type of an aesthetic.
DR: Credula, I’m sorry to start this off
CDJ: It’s Creb Dulette Johnson.
DR: Uh, Creb Dulette Johnson, Mr. Johnson, I gotta ask you--that is a wonderful tattoo. Where can I get one?
CDJ: Uh, you know actually I got this in Nice. Nice, France.
DR: Nice, France? 
CDJ: Yeah, I was on vacation with my family, but it was also sort of a business thing? 
GR: He’s shaking like crazy.
CDJ: I’m sorry, can we just get right to business? Normally I would love to talk about my home in Nice, France, but it’s been a hell of a day.
DR: Oh, you’re talking to someone who’s also had a hell of a day, but we’re here, we’re ready. We’re ready to party, we’re ready to get--we’re ready to kidnap someone? I didn’t read the job. 
CDJ: Okay.
DR: What’re--
CDJ: You don’t need to kidnap--well, it’s okay you didn’t read it, because there wasn’t much of a description because I’m tryin’ to keep this pretty discreet. So I work for a weapons startup business. I wouldn’t tell you my name if my name weren’t on the damn business sign. Monack-Colby-Dullette-Johnson. Tomorrow I’m supposed to have this very important meeting with some investors. Most of the time we’ve been surviving off of the loans and crowdfunding. 
DR: Do you need us to kill somebody? We can do that, easy. 
CDJ: I do.
P: Oh.
Z: Oh.
P: Alright.
TW: Oh. okay.
DR: About half the time you just have to kill somebody. Trust me, these guys are all the same, only this guy’s got cool tattoos. 
CDJ: So we were preparing for my meeting today. Me, my friend Dope Monack, and Fran Wa Colby. All of a sudden, door bursts down and a bunch of crusto technofreaks bust through, guns blazing, they kill my two friends, I barely get out of it alive. These investors cannot know that my two friends are dead, my two coworkers, my two founders of this weaponry business--if they know about that, I’m, I’m under water. They cannot know that we were compromised so easily. We’re a weapons business!
DR: Oh yeah.
CDJ: And that can’t happen! That--it can’t happen. 
P: What’s happening? You were unarmed when they come in and-
CDJ: We were unarmed, we were sitting in the conference room, all of a sudden the door kicks open, there’s some freak kid with crazy piercings all over his face, about four maybe five of these technocrusts just start firing off their weapons. One pulls out a knife and starts stabbing my friend in front of me. I have fast reflexes, I used to run track, and I just-- I ducked, I rolled, I ran to the elevator, and I got the hell out of there. No one knows, I’m almost positive no one knows that anything has gone wrong in that building except for me right now. I don’t know if they’re still there I need someone to go check if they’re still there, if they are I need them wiped out. Also there’s a very important piece of weaponry in the building and I need to make sure that that is still safe.
TW: Well you know, like… they’re gonna find out eventually, right?
CDJ: They’re not gonna find out. They’re not gonna find out. 
TW: Well…. They’re probably gonna ---
CDJ: This is specifically a discreet business. This is a discreet business, this is the only face-to-face conversation we ever have to have. If they only see me, computer avatars of--look, I don’t have to get into the specifics of this. I don’t.
P: They’re never gonna find out that they’re dead?
CDJ: It’s not important.
DR: Guys, it’s not important! He says it’s not important.
CDJ: At a certain point, it won’t be important. 
Z: I do have one question.
CDJ: Yes? Z: How did they figure out where you were? 
CDJ: Well… From my understanding of the technocrust culture, they make a living working the matrix--which for you viewers, is the future internet--working off the matrix, hacking people, getting into locations, ripping them off, I assume maybe they found out about this circumstance that I was about to get myself into. We were vulnerable, they found out, and they came in and they busted us. 
DR: You guys think that technocrusts, these punks--you think they came in with the only motive of trying to get this, you think maybe they were sent by someone?
CDJ: I’m not a criminal psychologist, I don’t know.
DR: What if these guys--this is a crazy theory, you get this for free, bub, before we even kill anybody. What if the investors sent these guys? 
P: You think it was an inside job?
TW: Oh shiiiii 
DR: Just a crazy idea.
TW: Hey guys I got frickin goosebumps right now. 
DR: Dude, Tech!
TW: Dak, that was--that’s cool. Dude.
DR: And that’s why I got a 2.1 rating.
TW: Yeah man, that’s--
CDJ: I would… I don’t think the investors would try to do something like that. 
GR: He looks sort of startled by the idea. 
CDJ: I mean, do you think? Do you think that could?
DR: I just met, you but…
CDJ: Son of a bitch…
DR: What if they did that?
CDJ: Son of a bitch!
GR: He takes a huge drag off of a cigarette. He’s just thinking, he’s like…
CDJ: Goddamn. Well, you clean those guys out, and that’s 5000 nuyen each for you guys.
TW: Hey, what about 5030 and we call it even? 
P: 5030??
TW: We did ah….
Z: Why are you asking for such a tiny raise?
P: 6000 at least! What is wrong with you? 
CDJ: I mean, I can do 5030.
TW: Alright! 5030 it is!
P: 5030??? Oh my goddd. 
CT: He takes a vomit-covered hand, he puts it out to shake. 
MM: His undercover what?
BB: He’s got a vomit-covered hand.
CT: His vomit-covered hand.
MM: Oh, vomit-covered.
BB: His hand is still covered in vomit.
CT: Yeah.
BB: For anyone curious about it.
MM: I thought you said he has an undercover hand. I was like “what is the hand actually? A foot?” Okay, let’s go back to the moment when you were shaking his hand.
CT: Okay, he puts out, reaches out a vomit-covered hand. 
GR: Okay. He looks at your hand and he kind of taps like the upper part of your hand, like he knocks on it with his fist, like the upper part of his hand where there is no barf, he sort of taps it and is like: 
CDJ: Okay. 5030 nuyen for each of you.
Z: Jesus Christ.
TW: You know, where I come from, it’s custom to vomit on your own hand and then shake it.
DR: Where do you come from, Vomit Hand Town? Hey Mr. Johnson, we’re gonna go kill those guys, and just make sure you give us all good ratings! I wanna keep that 2.1 rating. 
CDJ: Okay. Oh, I wanted to say one more thing. 
DR: Yeah, what? 
CDJ: I left my security clearance card in the building? They’re kind of old-fashioned, a physical card kind of thing, it’s kind of an old-fashioned-themed building, but there’ll be a security guard there. Look it’s your job to figure out how to get past that guy, but don’t kill him. It’ll raise suspicion. Just don’t kill the security guard. He doesn’t have to die. 
Z: What kind of locks are on the building? 
CDJ: I don’t know. I just--I’m the--I’m--
Z: Alright. We’ll figure it out. 
DR: Yeah, you just go and hang out in that sex dungeon and do--haha. Nothin’ I wouldn’t do!
CDJ: You just send me proof that the room’s clear and uh--
Z: No problem. I’ve got a camera in my eye. 
DR: Zenith!
P: Whaaat?
DR: This guy’s--
TW: Dude, ou gotta tell me about this guy
DR: I really have--I barely had time to give this man a big ole bear hug. 
MM: Dak Rambo goes in to give his ole buddy Z, who he used to run with in Seattle, a big ole bear hug. 
BB: And Z, of course, is completely thrown off guard by this and is just sitting there like a dead fish, like trying to get out the grip but--
MM/DR: Nope! You can’t break out of this bear trap. 
TW: You know what? I wanna get in on this. If you’re a friend of Dak’s, you’re a friend of mine. Get in here, buddy. 
BB: And then--can I roll an escape artist roll? 
GR: Okay, you guys have to roll for hugs. 
CT: Okay. What--would that be?
MM: Grappling, or like unarmed combat?
GR: Sure. Yeah.
MM: Agility? Or no, reaction.
GR: Or maybe strength. I don’t know.
CT: What about willpower? If you really really just wanna give a hug, you know?
GR: Sure.
MM: Alright. 3 hits.
GR: What did you just roll?
BB: What are you rolling?
CT: 2 hits.
MM: I did reaction and unarmed combat.
BB: I got 2 hits, ‘cause I have an actual skill, escape artist. 
GR: You fail and you are hugged  by two men, very tightly.
TW: You know? This is nice.
DR: Pox? I know we just met, but if you wanna get in on this.
GR: Oh also, he’s got barf all over him! 
TW: Oh yeah.
BB: Yeah.
P: I think I’m alright, thanks. Thanks. Maybe later. 
DR: Maybe once we go kill those guys inside the building!
P: Yeah, maybe once you improve your rating. 
GR: And Pox, you notice a hose right by one of the motels. It’s not very far away.
CT: With that 1 perception.
ES: I’m gonna spray the vomit off of you. No!
GR: That was a glitch.
CT: Oh no! Our first glitch.
GR: So glitch is when you get the majority of the amount of dice you roll are 1s, it’s a glitch! Something goes bad. So you try to spray him, spray’s too strong, shoots out of your hand, and it’s just like squiggling around, like a snake, raining down everyone. 
BB: Maybe the hose comes off the faucet after it flails around for a second, and then it just ends up soaking Pox. 
GR: Perfect! Yeah! So Pox is very wet.
CT: Uh, Tech Wizard sees the hose flailing around, like spraying water and he starts laughing and jumping around.
MM: Like it’s a sprinkler?
CT: Yeah!
TW: You guys, get over here, this is so much fun!
DR: Hey! Z! Wanna get in on this? Tag, you’re it! 
MM: Dak starts doing the same thing, running around.
P: I’m not crying, you’re crying!
BB: Z’s just sitting there watching all of it happen.
GR: You got barf on you…
BB: Yeah. Z’s like going over and trying to just wet the thing off of his business clothes. 
MM: Very, very without joy. 
BB: Yeah. Not having fun.
CT: Tech Wizard is splashing it at him delightfully.
DR: Oh look, I gotta save the president! 
MM: Dak jumps in front of it.
DR: Haha! You’re the president, Z! Hahaha just like in Seattle, when we blew up that school. We blew up a school. 
P: Why would you blow up a school? Z: It was--it’s complicated, it’s a long story.
DR: There wasn’t really anybody inside.
P: Okay, well that was-
Z: And there was a gang we were taking out…
DR: And we didn’t know that we were gonna blow up the school. It was an accident!
TW: Woah.
DR: But there was a cool song that played when we blew it up because of a program or something.
TW: What song?
DR: Uh, it was, Schoooooool’s out for-EVER!!! 
TW: Is that why you play that song all the time? 
P: That’s really appropriate.
Z: Yeah, you know that old, like almost a hundred years old song by AC/DC? 
TW: Well you know what, I didn’t before I met Dak, but he blares it out of the horn of--
DR: Don’t tell! Don’t tell Z. 
TW: Xanadu constantly. 
DR: Don’t tell Z I play that song all the time.
Z: You play that? That’s--that’s gotta be the worst thing we ever did together.
GR: A guy in a motel opens the door and says 
Gannon Reedy, Orc (GRO): Hey! Did I hear one of you guys say the song School’s Out by AC/DC?
DR: Yeah!
GR: He’s got a towel around him.
GRO: It’s by Alice Cooper! 
DR: Oh.
Z: Okay. 
GRO: Jesus Christ!
GR: And he slams the door.
DR: Wow.
Z: What an asshole.
P: Some people get really particular about their pop culture.
DR: Yeah. I mean, it was 100 years ago. Give us some room for error!
P: Yeah!
TW: Yeah, you know what? I’m gonna go talk to that guy.
DR: Oh no! 
TW: Hey buddy! 
P: Oh no.
TW: Hey buddy, we got a word.
DR: Goddamn. We got his back!
GRO: Hey, I’m gonna call motel security!
TW: Oh, you’re gonna call motel security? 
GRO: Yeah, and say a guy who doesn’t know anything about rock and roll music is knocking on my door!
TW: Oh, okay. Well I’m gonna call you a little b-word if you don’t get out here and friggin say that to my face!
GRO: Yeah, can’t you hear me knocking? I bet you can’t tell me who did that song originally. 
Z: Haha!
TW: You know what? I can’t, because I wasn’t the one who said that earlier, so I don’t know anything, and I admit that, openly! But you also insulted my friends. 
DR: Hey, hey buddy. This guy, he’s dying. He’s terminally ill. His one wish was to put on that robe--
TW: Yeah, you wanna know what I’m dying from? I’m sick of bullshit! Now get out here and fuckin lick the wet vomit off my robes you son of a bitch. 
GRO: Alright!
GR: Door opens up, the guy in the  bathrobe--er, did I say he had a towel around him? BB: Yeah, yeah.
GR: Yeah, he has a towel around him. Takes the towel off.
TW: Aw, jeezus!
GR: Totally nude.
TW: Alright.
GR: He puts his fists up, and he’s like
GRO: I will fistfight you right here!
TW: Put your friggin’ clothes on, dude! I’ve never fought a naked man. I vowed not to fight a naked man.
DR: Tech, the only way to fight him is if you take off your clothes!
TW: Aw, Jesus.
P: Oh my god. 
TW: I don’t like to take the robe off. You know I don’t like to take the robe off!
DR: Pox, Z, I’m sorry--
BB: Z has removed his ocular drone, it’s like floating above, just gathering footage of this. 
MM: Is this gonna stream or something? 
BB: Yeah, Z, since the last time Dak ran into him, now has like a pretty big--it’s like whatever the shadowrun version of twitch is, but it’s specifically for shadowrunners and watching their exploits and shit.
GR: Dulette Johnson hasn’t--left? He was just kind of like standing, watching all that, but he is now leaving. 
DR: Hey…. god.
TW: Buddy, you’re lucky my robes are wet, alright? Or else I’d… friggin show you a thing or two. 
GRO: Oh, your robes are wet? Have a towel! 
GR: He throws the towel at you.
TW: Oh, Jesus! Oh it smells like your dick. 
P: Oh, that’s so…
GRO: Oh you mean it smells good? I just took a shower! 
TW: Aw, jeez. 
DR: Weird. Hey. I’m sorry about all this. This is a big misunderstanding. We don’t wanna fight, now do we? We’re all friends! Looks like the big urban brawl game is on your holovid over there. It looks like a good game! Look at that, the score is close, 1000 to 1500. 
GR: Alright, he just huffs and-
TW: Tech tosses the towel back.
GR: Yeah. It lands on his back. He turns around and gives you a really mean look.
DR: Tech! Come on! You’re a lightning mage, you’re not a fire mage, but you’re acting all fired up! 
TW: You know what? That was pretty good. And you got me back. You got me back! I feel good again, I feel fine!
DR: Save it for the technocrusts.
TW: Hey, you know I don’t like bullies, right? Okay? I don’t like bullies. If somebody’s trying to bully a friend of mine--
DR: But that guy was in his freakin’ motel room! Who’s the bully here?
Z: Yeah. I looked it up, he was right though, it was definitely Alice Cooper.
TW: Yeah, I didn’t say AC/DC. I don’t know who said AC/DC.
Z: I said AC/DC! 
TW: Okay, well then--why didn’t you fight that guy?
DR: Why did you fight that guy?
P: I- I feel like I would have quite liked to see a fight! That’s why I didn’t stop you!
TW; Okay, thank you Pox! We understand each other.
P: He was a naked man! He was disgusting! 
TW: That was pretty…
P: Go ahead, just fight him!
DR: Pox, you stick around us long enough--
TW: You know what? Alright. 
CT: And he knocks on the door.
DR: No!
P: Yeah, go ahead! Do it! 
Z: Are we really gonna fight this guy?
DR: No we’re not! 
P: Just fight him!
DR: Pox! You stick around with us, we’re gonna be killing technocrusts! Didn’t you hear what the Johnson said? He wants us to murder some people.
P: I say we just let Tech-
DR: But this guy-
P: Wizard, go on and fight the naked man!
TW: Wait a minute, now I feel like you’re messing with me…
P: No, no!
TW: You’re laughing as you talk.
P: I’m not.
Z: Look, if we’re gonna do this, we’re gonna do this.
BB: And Z walks up to the door and starts lockpicking. 
MM: You guys--the viewers, the listeners can’t hear this, or see this, but Casey Toney just shot out spit from his mouth, and it landed on his character sheet. In a way, he’s taking on the characteristics of his actual character who is covered in stuff that he shot out of his mouth.
BB: I don’t know what the rating of this door is, but…
GR: Okay. Alright, alright.
BB: I got 3 hits.
GR: Okay, that’s enough to --click! Door’s…
BB: And then I just kick the door open and back up behind Tech Wizard.
GR: Okay!
MM: God!
GR: Door opens, and the naked guy turns around from looking at the TV like “what the fuck?”
TW: Time to break some vows, b-word! Tech Wizard puts his fists up.
GR: Alright, he puts his fists up. We’re gonna roll for, for, uh… We’re gonna roll for a what do you call it?
BB: Initiative. 
CT: Initiative.
GR: We’re gonna roll for initiative! 
BB: I’m not gonna roll, ‘cause I’m not part of this combat. 
MM: I’m gonna roll for initiative just ‘cause I wanna step in if things get ugly. 
CT: Oh hell yeah. 15.
GR: 15? What’d you get?
MM: 9.
GR: Okay. So you are first. 
CT: Alright, so. Obviously I’m not gonna try to kill this guy or do anything, I just wanna feel like a tough man.
GR: And you’re hitting him with your bare fists.
CT: No, I’m going to use clout! A long distance magical punch. Because, my-- My actual body is just frail and-- and by frail, I just mean out of shape. Yeah, so from a distance I’m like just punching this guy in the face. 
BB: Yeah, not even trying to have a fair fist fight.
CT: Aw yeah. Well I don’t--he’s naked. Get outta here.
GR: Okay. You roll for that. It’ll be non-lethal damage. 
CT: Alright. Gimme a--just a second.
BB: From like 15 feet away, just boom.
ES: It’s like those air--the thing you
GR: Yeah, it’s like that, those weird airguns you see at like--
MM: KB Toys?
ES: Yeah, KB Toys.
CT: Uh, good thing I did force 6, because I got 6 friggin hits baby. 
GR: Oh, wow.
CT: This guy’s going flying.
ES: Uh oh…
MM: This guy really--
BB: Should not have poked his head out of his hotel room.
MM: Yeah, what a bad day for this man. Well that’s what he gets for--
BB: No disrespect to Alice Cooper fans, but it does seem like maybe he should not have done that. 
MM: I also think that this guy’s name is Gannon Reedy. 
GR: Yeah, he’s a-- He’s a pretty skinny orc with long, beautiful hair. Okay. Okay so you--so what move do you do to make the punch happen?
CT: I friggin reach out and I snap my fingers.
GR: Okay. Where’s the punch hitting him?
CT: Uh…. right-- I wanna like… uppercut him in the junk and lift him up.
BB: You were gonna punch this guy in the face...
GR: Okay, so you see--like…. like….
CT: Okay, I don’t do that….
GR: No, you said it.
BB: No, you did it. 
GR: You see his weiner and testicles just go like “bwowowowowowawawawa” like when you see a steel beam like quiver in like an earthquake simulation, just like “bwaawaaaaang” and he’s just like and all the air comes of his mouth. “Bwaaaaaah.” And he grabs his junk and he just collapses on the ground, and he’s almost passed out.
CT: Tech Wizard immediately feels bad and disgusted, and he throws up. 
MM: As a bonus action.
CT: As a bonus action! 
MM: Is it now Dak Rambo’s turn?
GR: Yeah, Dak Rambo can go, but I mean the fight’s sorta over.
MM: Well, he’s still on the ground.
GR: Uh-huh.
MM: Dak looks around because he’s naked--is there a pair of pants nearby?
GR: Yeah, there’s a pair of pants.
MM: Dak Rambo looks in the pockets of the pants. Is there anything in the pockets of the pants?
GR: Yeah, there’s a smart phone--comm, there’s a smart comm, a wallet, some keys and a notebook.
MM: Dak Rambo takes everything.
GR: Okay.
MM: Except for the keys.
GR: Okay.
MM: He leaves the keys, and he opens the wallet.
GR: Mhm.
MM: Are there--is there ID in there? 
GR: Yeah. 
MM: He takes out the ID and he throws it on the ground.
GR: Okay.
MM: Is there anything else that this guy would need but it’s not that valuable to ole Dak Rambo?
GR: Let’s see… in the wallet there’s a condom, there’s a few receipts, 3 dollars, gift card to Mariano’s, 
BB: 3 nuyen
GR: Gift card… yeah, 3 nuyen…
MM: Wait, there’s only 3 nuyen in here?
GR: Only 3 nuyen, yeah. MM: Jesus. This guy--
GR: There’s a few credit cards.
MM: This is sad.
GR: A student ID that’s really old. 
Z: I feel like you should probably leave the condom, Dak.
DR: No, Dak’s takin the condom!
Z: Come on!
MM: Dak takes the 3 nuyen--look, trust me, that guy’s not gonna need a condom after what just happened.
TW: Yeah, it’s old as hell!
DR: No look, condoms are good for a hundred years. It’s the future. 
BB: Almost as long as--
P: Take out that condom and see if it still works, or if it snaps.
TW: Dude, she’s sick, man.
P: Take it out!
TW: She’s a friggin freak over here. 
DR: You wanted him to fight that naked man, you weren’t--
P: Naw, I’m just takin’ the piss now, it’s just funny to me. 
DR: You’re just takin’ a piss? Well look--
TW: I’m very impressionable, I just wanna say, first of all, I feel really bad that I did that, um…
DR: You should feel bad.
Z: Yeah, Jesus Christ, you almost fuckin killed him.
DR: Tech! You don’t like bullies… look in the mirror buddy. Speaking of mirrors--
TW: Don’t you dare say that. Don’t you dare say that to me, Dak.
DR: Oh, what, you gonna bully me too?
TW: No, I’m not gonna bully you, you’re my friend.
DR: I’ve already lost my--
TW: I take care of my friends
DR: My truck.
BB: Z just switches his ocular drone from record to project, and just puts the video of you fuckin smashing this guy’s nuts on the wall behind you.
CT: And Tech Wizard is averting his gaze, looking down, like, 
TW: Okay, so uh….. Where are these guys we need to find?
DR: Hold on--before you go, I gotta leave my calling card, so to speak, and test the ole toilet!
MM: Dak Rambo goes and takes big dump and--
DR: I haven’t pooped since Chicago. That’s where I was last. Pox, Z, we were in Chicago. Just… mind closing this door? Seems like I forgot to close the bathroom door on the way in.
Z: I’m  not gonna close this door, Dak.
P: Can you stop making eye contact with me while you’re taking a shit?
DR: It’s just the way the mirror is! Stop looking in the mirror!
P: It’s just really freaking me out, that you’re looking me in the eyes.
DR: Well you’re looking in the mirror!
P: And there’s stuff coming out of you right now! I don’t want to-- stop looking at me!
DR: Pox! I’m gonna keep looking at me until you look away.
P: Um, I can’t!
TW: You know what, I was--
P: I can’t look away!
TW: I was about to throw up again, but I’m dry. I’m bone dry. 
DR: Alright. You know what? There’s no toilet paper in here. Can someone look real quick in--is there a closet next to the bathroom? There should be toilet paper there?
TW: Oh, Jesus. 
DR: Oh god.
P: It’s you. You’re--
CT: Alright so, I cast magic fingers to open the closet door and search for this.
GR: Two hits? Alright. You wanted to grab the toilet paper?
CT: Yeah.
GR: Yeah, you do.
CT: Okay.
ES: Yaaaay.
CT: I grab toilet paper from a distance and toss it in the bathroom.
DR: Alright, thank god. Oh my god. This poop was starting to harden, form a shell-like carapace around my butt. Wipeity wipe! And we’re good! Uh oh! Looks like I broke the flusher. I’m just gonna…
Z: Alright.
P: Wash your hands! Wash your hands! Please!
DR: I’m washin’ em, I’m washin’ em!
P: Soap! 
DR: Okay, now you’re telling me--
GR: Gannon--the guy--the character on the ground with beautiful hair groans as sort of like “ugggh”. He’s not totally passed out, he’s just in a lot of pain.
CT: Tech Wizard feels real bad.
DR: You wanna put a stimpack on that guy? Do you even have stimpacks?
CT: I--oh, I can heal him.
DR: Well, you know what?
Z: Let’s just get out of here.
DR: ‘Cause it took too goddamn long, let’s just go. Hey, buddy--sorry about this. Uh… 
Z: Don’t yell at strangers, man.
P: Don’t flash your dick at people. Someone’s gonna punch it.
TW: There’s a lot of lessons here.
DR: Yeah, don’t kind of be in a motel room with the door closed. You’ll wanna leave the door open, pal. You’ll wanna leave the door open. Get his ass kicked by four shadowrunners! That’s right! We run in the shadows, buddy! My name’s--
Z: Let’s get out the fuck out of--
BB: At this point, all of us are out of the room, just Dak yelling at this guy laying on the ground.
DR: Yeaaaaaah!
Z: Dak!
DR: Uh…
TW: How we gonna find these guys?
GR: Well, it’s a little ways away, but pretty close.
DR: Great. So… Pox, Tech Wizard, my good buddy Z--we’re gonna, we’re gonna go and have a great run. I just wanna give us all a little talk before hand. No matter what happens, it’s been a pleasure to work with you guys.
TW: Yeah, yeah.
P: So far… very interesting. Thank you.
TW: Do I get a rating with three missions? 
Z: No, you gotta do ten.
TW: I gotta do ten friggin missions?
P: This is your third mission?
TW: No, I--I mean like, through Darkmovers. We’ve done some stuff.
P: Okay.
DR: Didn’t you say that the mission that we did together like maybe four weeks ago was your first mission?
TW: yeah, that was my first mission, and then we had… another one. 
P: You know what, I’m just gonna say that you just hitting that man in the sack was definitely a mission as well.
TW: Thank you.
Z: Yeah.
P: Yeah.
TW: I mean, I’ve gone through the wringer pretty severely.
Z: We got paid 3 nuyen to destroy a guy’s testicles.
DR: Well…

[EPISODEBREAK2]

GR: We’re in it. We’re in the game. We’re rocking. We’re live. Welcome to the Neoscum Podcast, baby!
MM: Oooh I’m Mike Migdall!
GR: And I’m Gannon Reedy.
MM: And this a Shadowrun actual play podcast. This is our second episode! Thanks for sticking with us!
GR: Woohoo! Holy cow! Welcome along you guys, it’s been super cool doing this thing. Mike did you know that we already have a review on iTunes?
MM: Are you freaking kidding me?
GR: Buddy, I ain’t kidding you. This is from Dogsauce, and I just want to say formally this episode is dedicated to you, Dogsauce.
MM: What the heck did Dogsauce write?
GR: This is what Dogsauce wrote. Subject line. I love these dummies. 5 stars. Content of the review. You guys are crazy. Exclamation point. I love that, man.
MM: Oh man that’s awesome. You know what if you guys leave us a review, we’ll read it.
GR: At this point, hell yeah. We’ll read it.
MM: We’ve got one review.
GR: We’ve got one review!
MM: You think we’re not gonna read that?
GR: We got economy and room for us to read reviews. So man you just drop a review, we’ll read it. And if it’s bad we will start a live beef with you and let the energy of the rage it fills us with power us to contribute wonderful things to society. You know you want that.
MM: Thank you.
GR: Speaking of awesome, how good do we sound right now?
MM and GR: Pretty good!
GR: Yeah that’s right! Doggies! Sauce doggies!
MM: Our garbage voices are being picked up by excellent professional sounding microphones, and that is because we are recording in the Pocket Dimension, which is the One Shot podcast network’s recording studio space in Chicago.
GR: Look it’s gonna sound great. Stick with us five more episodes or less or something. Just stick with us, it’s gonna so good so bad. It’s just gonna keep getting better baby!
MM: Yeah we just recorded our seventh episode, so we’re still going strong. We recorded that in this space. The first four or five episodes recorded in a living room, on a janky snowball mic.
GR: Look, we all know you guys as roleplay fans love the band Sebadoh, the lo-fi group started by Lou Barlow of Dinosaur Jr., ok. Ya love, Guided By Voices, ya love that lo-fi sound so enjoy that lo-fi sound for the first five episodes and then get ready for the progged out sweet genesis dulcet tones of this One Shot studio.
MM: Yeah, we sound like a real podcast and it’s only gonna get better.
GR: Guys, I think it’s time we get into this episode, okay?
MM: Yeah let’s do it!
GR: This episode is dedicated to Dogsauce. Dogsauce keep it dog saucy. 
MM: Now just do me a favour and...
MM and GR together: enjoy the show!
GR: So, you are heading to the Ulacon Complex. It’s —
MM: Ulacock?
GR: Ulacon.
MM: Ulacon.
ES: You like him.
BB: You like him, and we love him.
MM: You like him, we love him.
GR: Ulacon Complex.
MM: I have a you like him complex. Took a lot of therapy to address it.
GR: So you walk through a pretty scummy little neighbourhood, come to a little business sector here on the outsides of Indianapolis with some pretty nice buildings. This building that you’re coming up to, the Ulacon Complex, is about twenty-three, twenty-four stories tall. So you’re told that this room, this office this guy worked in was on the twenty-third floor.
MM: Twenty-third floor, Michael Jordan.
GR: Yeah, it’s evening now. The lights are along around Indianapolis. There’s some stone steps that lead up to the door. And there’s big glass in the front area and you can see there is a greeting desk. And the lights are sort of dim. Sort of like business is about done. Everyone has left the building.
BB: So Z is going to go ahead and slip into augmented reality. He is still present and is physically aware of his current surroundings. But he’s now seeing essentially a matrix overlay, so as he walks around he’s seeing different devices and stuff pinging off. Just as a way to get ready to go into this building and potentially access any of these devices.
DR: Is there any interesting information you’re looking at Z?
Z: Yeah. So, I’m looking at the building, and seeing if there is some sort of greater...like obviously there are probably cameras and stuff I can see from the outside. 
GR: Yeah you can see that is about four cameras in the lobby area. Each pointed at typical areas a camera might point at in a lobby area. You can see the guard is watching a holovid of the same fight that the beautiful long-haired orc was watching at the motel. You can see also that on the outside of the building, about four floors up there is window cleaning drone that is steady at work. Just trucking away.
ES: Oh that’s great. I’ve got light body, I could get thrown up. I’ve got light body—
DR: Thrown up? Looks like this guy already threw up today. Just waiting for that one. 
TW: You got me.
BB: I’m going to go ahead and try to access the cleaning drone.
MM: Oh my god, that went into your drink?
BB: Yeah, that went into my water.
GR: You got to drink it now.
BB: Yeah got to drink it all the way down.
MM: It’s like the worm in a thing of soy tequila.
BB: Boy, that was a really bad roll.
GR: No hits, huh?
BB: I got one hit. Yeah.
GR: So the drone, kind of like, pauses for less than a second and then just keeps on trucking.
BB: Cool, that’s chill.
DR: So you guys just want to walk in there and waste this Checkpoint Charlie?
Z: Well, I could try cutting the camera feed but I feel that’s going alert the security guy. And if there is any way of us getting in without having to cause some mass alarm, that’d probably the best way to do it.
DR: Poxy?
P: Yeah. I mean, I’m pretty skilled at wall running and I’m very lightweight, so you can...I mean I—
Z: Do you think you can get in there and knock the guy out so we can just walk right in?
P: Definitely, I’ve got some skills in the way of hurting people as well.
DR: Righteous.
TW: Non-lethal though, right?
Z: Yeah we don’t need to kill.
TW: That’s required to get the extra 30 nuyen. 
P: Oh right, we don’t want to kill him.
TW: And can we try not kill anybody, maybe?
P: So, you want me to knock him out?
Z: Yep.
DR: Yeah, go ahead and just knock out his lights.
P: Well, I can definitely need to knock him out let you lot in, ya?
Z: As soon as he’s knocked out we can either grab his ID badge, or I can just hack the door.
DR: Question. If the cameras are on...I mean you got a pretty sweet, what is that? Like some sort of shapeshifter robe?
P: I’ve got this. Look!
ES: And then Pox puts on her...She activates her chameleon armor which makes her invisible.
TW: Oh shit. That’s sick, I can do invisibility stuff too.
P: See now you can’t see me, right?
Z: Where did that come from?
TW: Huh?
DR: What?
P: What happened?
Z: I’m kidding.
DR: Z! Funny joke!
TW: Oooh okay.
DR: Someone picked up a new trick.
P: Ok. Well I can either go in there and hit him and have him pass out or go in there and just have him not see me and take his shit.
Z: I guess there is that way too, but also we need to feasibly get into the building.
DR: Well, Tech gots his invisibility spell.
TW: Yeah, I could—
DR: We could all roll in there like ol’ H. P. in his invisibility cloak.
Z: Right so we just need to get inside the door to do that?
P: Yeah!
DR: You’ve already shown that deft with lock picking.
BB: Yeah! Can I like remote hack the door that we’re trying to open?
GR: Oh, like the front door?
BB: Well, so the front doors we can get in easily—
GR: Yeah totally.
BB: But then there is like a security door that the guy is in front, of I’m assuming?
GR: Actually, behind him it looks like there are some elevators.
BB: Okay so, is there any access door between the front door and the elevators?
GR: No.
Z: So we could just go invisible and make sure we go into the elevators then.
P: But how are you gonna get in?
Z: We could just walk in.
DR: We could walk in, or we could dance in!
P: But the door is going to still open?
TW: One person could be a distraction.
P: He’s just gonna be like, “Ooh.”
DR: Someone need a distraction?
Z: Oh, you mean the sliding doors in the front? Yeah it would be weird if...It does sound like if one person wants to go in and just distract the shit out of him.
DR: I could go in there and talk his ear off.
P: Well, here’s the thing. I could distract him while I’m invisible. Take his things, make them float about, and then just become traceless and run away.
TW: You know as somebody who's been invisible myself, I found that they tend to just throw things at the space where the invisible things are shaking. That’s a good way to get a bloody nose.
DR: Quick question. Tech Wizard, were talking about how you’re invisible because most people don’t see you? Or are talking about actual magic invisibility?
Z: Dak, Jesus.
TW: Well, uh, that’s very hurtful Dak.
DR: I thought it would be funny.
P: Don’t, alright.
DR: I’m sorry.
TW: No I didn’t...I just I guess I didn’t expect that coming from you of all people.
Z: Are you friends with this guy?
TW: You know what? Maybe not Z. Z what are you doing, later? Want to be my one support in this godforsaken world?
Z: Honestly, no.
DR: Tech. C’mon that was supposed to be funny to tell...Woah. You got turned by Z? It looks like Dak is back in the mix!
TW: Hey Pox? What are you...What’s up?
P: Yeah, I’m open to have a friend, I guess. 
DR: Great. Dak’s your friend.
Z: I mean the main issue we’re having is there is no way to sneak all four of us in. So, we either have to incapacitate the guard before we go in, or we’re looking at some other way of infiltrating the building. 
BB: I mean Z can also just sit outside send the ocular drone in and hack everything while you guys are going through. But the real question is—
DR: Yes!
TW: Yeah that sounds, like a real—
Z: Right. How do we get Dak in there though. Or is he just staying outside with me in case everything goes south? 
DR: Nah. We’re gonna need to kill somebody, so you probably want me where the targets are.
Z: So in that case we are going you to need to incapacitate the guards.
P: Yeah. I think we should go in and just—
DR: If you guys want to get him over here I can tap on this window and then he comes here and I smash him?
Z: I think if you do that and then Pox sneaks up around behind him and just knocks him out as soon as he gets close to you, then all four of us can just walk in, and then we’re fine.
DR: Done and done.
P: Great!
DR: Hey, Pox?
P: Yeah?
DR: I’m gonna knock on this door in five, four—
TW: Dak? Try acting surprised when he faints.
DR: Three. What?
TW: Try acting surprised when he faints for the cameras. 
Z: Just do it! Just fucking do it.
DR: Oh, for the cameras!
TW: Yeah the cameras!
DR: Cool. Two—
ES: Wait! 
BB: Oh wait.
ES: I also have impersonation six?
CT: Yeah but I mean, you’d have to let her do that. 
ES: Okay. Nevermind.
MM: Guys, I’m gonna start the countdown again, because it seems like we lost a little bit of steam while I was counting down. It was gonna be cool and easy to put in the podcast. 
DR: Five, four, three, one. Bam! Knock knock.
GR: So you’re knocking on the front window?
DR: Yeah. Hello?
GR: There’s like an automatic door in it opens up.
BB: While this is going on, can I just roll to access the cameras real quick?
GR: Yeah.
BB: Damn. Three hits.
GR: They actually glitched a little bit, so you’re in tight.
BB: Can I use that to completely...Can I use that glitch as me just having complete access immediately and just fry the whole system?
GR: Yep.
BB: Sweet.
CT: Oh sweet. Fuck. 
GR: So they fucked up and now you’re...you just burned the feed.
BB: So, as the security guard is getting away from the desk I just immediately fried the cameras.
GR: The security guard stands up. He doesn’t notice the security...that thing fries and he’s like—
SG: Hello?
DR: Hey. Hey there!
MM: I walk up to the next set of doors...Or the door’s already open? There’s no more doors?
GR: I guess there is a second door since Indianapolis is cold, so they have the two door thing.
MM: I walk up to that door, does that door open?
GR: It opens. 
DR: Oh thank god. I thought this place was locked from the outside.
SG: Yup. What are you here for?
DR: I’m so sorry about this...
ES: And Pox sneaks up behind him invisibly.
GR: Can you roll sneak?
ES: For sneaking, yes.
GR: And you get plus two with the chameleon suit. 
ES: One.
GR: Yeah. He sees you coming through the door and he’s like...
SG: Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
GR: And he takes out a gun automatically. 
DR: Whoa.
SG: Alright, I see your friend there. I see your friend.
DR: I don’t have any friends here.
SG: Invisible person. turn uninvisible.
P: Okay. Hello.
DR: Oh my god! 
P: Hello. 
DR: Who are you?
P: My name is Regina. I’m just here for your delivery. Your delivery is here.
SG: Alright, cut the bullshit.
BB: Z walks up and does a really comically...trying to sneak but is also very clearly in view of the guard.
GR: He’s got this machine gun pointed at you guys.
Z: I’m not—
P: Wait. I’m the—
DR: Whoa, buddy. Look, I am not with these guys.
P: We are nice. 
Z: Hello. My name is Robert. 
DR: My name is Rogernerd. Rogibird. 
P: We’re Regina, Robert, and Rogernerd. 
DR: Rogibird. 
Z: And we don’t know each other. Who are these people? 
DR: Look, I just came in here to use your bathroom. 
P: I have this delivery. It’s...Look…
ES: And then she reaches in into her pocket and pulls out some seeds. 
DR: Seeds? 
P: It’s seeds. They are from native home. They’re for your garden here. I heard that your company was trying to go more natural, so—
DR: Sounds like a great deal. You could be a moron not to take this delivery.
P: So, I’ve got to go plant them in the back. 
SG: Why are you invisible? 
P: Because, that’s just how I like to travel. I’m not...I’m a young, impressionable girl. And if I’m invisible, then, you know, no one’s going to approach me with a gun. But there you are, approaching me with a gun. 
BB: How on guard is this dude? Or is he just like totally—?
GR: He’s very freaked out right now. 
BB: But is he freaked out like, “Oh, what is happening?” Or is he freaked out like, “I”m going to start shooting any fucking second?
GR: He looks like he could start shooting at any second. 
DR: Woah, buddy. Easy now. 
SG: How about you back up the hell out of this building? 
DR: Done and done. But before I do that, which way is the bathroom? 
GR: Okay. He reaches under the desk and he presses a button. 
CT: Oh no. 
DR: Was that the bathroom button? 
SG: Just step out of the building. 
DR: Okay. I’m going. But before I go, I got to let you know, as one guy to another guy, that your fly is unzipped, and I’m looking right at your hog. 
SG: No you aren’t. 
DR: Okay, maybe I’m not, but I’m looking at your hog. 
P: We’re all going to turn around now. And I’m going to turn around into the back where I’m going to plant these seeds. 
SG: No, you’re going to walk right out of the building. 
Z: Tech Wizard, were you about to do something? 
CT: Tech Wizard is outside still. 
GR: Tech Wizard, you hear in the distance. Sirens approaching. 
TW: Ah, shit. 
CT: And he casts Control Actions on the guard. Force…
BB: What happens to your body when you’re controlling actions? 
CT: Tech Wizard goes and hides behind a bush. 
BB: Good to know. 
CT: So, because this going to be pretty powerful, I’m going to cast force seven. 
GR: Okay. 
CT: Now—
BB: So unsure of yourself. 
CT: Force seven, I guess. I really want to...I mean it’s got to be a tight win.
BB: Six hits? 
CT: Six hits. 
BB: That’s good. 
GR: All of sudden, now you’re inside this guy’s brain. And you can see him. He’s looking down the barrel of the gun. 
BB: Z has never seen this before and he is like…
Z: What just happened? 
CT: Tech Wizard’s body behind this bush just falls limp, obviously. His eyes are white. 
DR: So, my buddy Tech just Jedi mind-controlled that guy. 
Z: Oh shit. 
DR: But unlike a Jedi, he passed out and is living inside this guy right now. I’ve seen him do it before. It’s pretty cool. 
Z: Hey, Tech. Would you mind telling these guys that show up in two minutes that everything’s cool and you hit the button? 
TW: Yeah. Sounds like a good plan. Do you guys want to go up now, and I talk to the guys? 
P: Yeah, you must. 
DR: Well, what if we all hide under the desk and we just crouch? He’ll tell them to get lost. You press the button by accident. And then, we go upstairs. 
P: I feel like that’s just waiting for someone to see us. 
TW: Also, there’s a possibility before they arrive that they will think I’m being held up. And they might check anyway. So, maybe you guys should just go up. 
P: Let’s go. 
DR: Alright. Let’s go under the desk. 
P: Do not. 
DR: I’m just kidding. 
TW: The camera’s are fried. 
DR: I just wanted to freak out my new friend, Pox. Let’s go. 
TW: I will join you guys when I can. 
DR: Tech, we’ll see you after we kill those guys. 
P: Nice job. 
TW: Thank you. 
DR: And great job sneaking, Pox. 
P: I’m sorry. 
Z: It’s okay. We’ll get in there at some point.
P: You can call me Regina. 
DR: You can call me Rogibird.
GR: You hear the sirens getting louder. 
P: Okay. Let’s go. 
Z: Up to the suite. Let’s get in this elevator. 
GR: So, the doors open up. And you guys step on in. And there’s 23 floors. And you’re looking for the 23rd floor. Hit any button. 
BB: Michael Jordan. 
GR: So, at this point, a cop car pulls up to the front. Doors close on the elevator. We’re just going to go to this interaction. 
CT: Sure. Tech Wizard steps out with his hands up like…
TW: Hey. 
GR: Tech Wizard as this guy? 
CT: Wait. As this guy. Tech Wizard himself is actually just behind that bush. 
TW: I know. I know. Sorry. 
GR: A dwarf comes out. Closes the door. Walks up. His gun’s loose, but he’s not reaching for it. He just walks up and he’s like…
[GR voices Dwarf Cop Pulanski (DCP)]: Hey, how are you doing, buddy? 
TW: You know what? Well, pretty embarrassed, frankly. Sorry. I know you guys got sent out here, and I feel pretty bad about that. But I hit my dang knee on the goddamned button underneath here. I was rolling around. I got startled by the fact that our apparently our camera feed went out. And I bumped the button. 
DCP: Charles. It’s fine. Look, I’m just going to the preliminary thing I do like every time. 
TW: Oh no. 
DCP: I’m going to check and make everything is cool. 
[MM voices Other Cop (OC)]: Everything okay in there, Pulanski? 
DCP: Yeah. Everything’s alright. You just stay in the car like we always do when we come to this spot. 
OC: Alright. If you need help, you come calling. 
CT: The security guard being controlled by Tech Wizard starts to sweat nervously. 
GR: He’s looking...So this guy’s like looking around like…
DCP: So, how’s the wife? How’s Shirlene? 
TW: Do you mind if we talk later, actually? I’m kind of…
DCP: But you hit the button. 
TW: What? I know. No, I don’t mean about the...I just mean about personal stuff. I...My mom died. 
DCP: Oh my God. 
TW: My mom died and I feel like anytime I talk about anything other than just business, I can feel myself being torn in two. I, you know, that realization that the one who brought into this Earth is no more. And the reality of my own mortality comes crashing down on me and…
OC: Hey, Pulanski! There’s this bum. He’s passed out. He’s totally pissed himself. 
DCP: Sorry. I got a rookie. He’s so dumb. 
OC: Pulanski. I drew a big turd with a magic marker on this passed out bum outside. He’s got a wizard robe. 
TW: This guy sounds like a real hand full, huh? 
DCP: Yeah. He’s a dumb piece of shit. Not like you. 
TW: Not like you either, buddy. Hey, put ‘er there. 
CT: He puts his hand. 
GR: He shakes your hand and then he gives you this very romantic kiss on the cheek. 
And he’s like…
DCP: See you some later then? 
TW: Yeah, we’ll talk about it then. 
DCP: Okay. You just hit that button. 
TW: What’s that? 
GR: You just hit that button. 
TW: Oh, okay. 
DCP: And I’ll be here. 
TW: I’ll expect a hit later, okay? 
DCP: Okay. 
TW: But get out of here. Go deal with that guy. 
DCP: I love you. 
TW: I love you too. I love you so much. 
DCP: It’s the first time you said that to me. 
TW: I know. And you know what? I feel like with the reality of my mother’s death, I am able to confront more honestly how much I need you in my life. And I don’t want to lose you, so if that means confronting the fact that I love you, then I’ll frigging do it. 
DCP: I’m going to be back later tonight. Whether you hit that button or not. 
GR: And he runs out the door. And he hops into the car. And he waves goodbye to you. 
CT: Waves goodbye. 
MM: And he drives away without the other officer, who is currently just putting the finishing touches on a big cartoon turd that he just drew on this passed out guy. 
BB: I feel like this officer you’ve made has now completely inconvenienced our escape. 
GR: The truck drives back and the cop car goes back. Picks up the officer and drives away. 
CT: Tech Wizard, as the security guard, very nervously throws up. 
BB: All of him throws up. 
CT: Through just a total adrenaline dump. 
BB: Adrenaline puke. 
CT: Yeah. He’s just...Oh Jesus. 
GR: We’re going to cut back into the elevator, so…
BB: So, we hit 23rd floor. Is there any security, or we’re just good to go on that? 
GR: Yeah, you’re good to go on the elevator. There’s security things, but they’ve all been burned out by you. 
DR: Hey, do you guys want to get your weapons ready? These technocrusts are just out there waiting for us. We might only have a fraction of a second before we waste him. 
BB: Z just puts his arms down and the machine pistols in his palms just poke out. 
ES: And then you just hear. And the katana comes out. 
DR: Woah. Look at that. It’s a pretty sword. 
P: Thank you. I got it from a friend. 
DR: I got this one from a gun shop. 
P: Nice. 
Z: I don’t remember where I got these. 
GR: Floor 19. 20. 21. 
Z: I kind of wish I hadn’t cut the feed on all the cameras now that I think about it. 
GR: 22. 
DR: You think Tech’s okay impersonating that guy? 
GR: 23. Doors open. It’s just a dark hallway. 
BB: So, I’ve still got that overlay. Is there any obvious machinery? 
GR: Oh, you got the overlay? 
BB: Yeah. I’m still in AR. 
GR: Oh, okay. 
BB: I come free, but I can pretty much operate all the time with an AR. 
GR: Yeah, don’t see...In the dark you can see there’s lights. And you can turn those on really easily. 
BB: Sweet. 
MM: Ding, ding, ding, ding. 
BB: Z turns on all the lights. 
GR: Okay. Lights on. I’m going to say that’s about the same level as like...that’s definitely below the level of the camera, so all those lights go on. And there is a door. And there’s a golden sign on it. And there’s no signs of foul play or anything. But this floor on the elevator was called, “Monk, Colby, Dullete Johnson.” And on the sign, out the door. 
BB: I think I’m going to try to find a computer terminal and see if we can dig up any info about these guys. 
MM: Yeah, look at their browser history. 
GR: So, you’re going to go through the door or some of the other ways? 
BB: Wait, so there’s a hallway and a door? 
GR: There’s just a bunch of elevators. There’s six elevators around you. 
BB: So is the door - 
GR: And then just a door. 
BB: Is the door locked? 
GR: No, it’s unlocked. 
P: Let’s go. 
BB: Yeah, so I’m going to say Z is not the guy who walks up to the door to open it. 
MM: No, because Dak is. Dak walks up to it and goes…
DR: Open sesame. Hiyah! 
MM: And then he turns the knob and opens the door. 
GR: You see, it’s a hip looking office. And right behind the desk, the greeting desk area, at the front of the office is this gnarly dude with his long sweaty, dirty hair. He’s a dwarf. And looks up at you. And everyone roll initiative. 
BB: So, just one of them. 
MM: Oh, you’re not going to get let me talk my way out of this one?
GR: I dunno. I guess you could still talk, but he’s…
CT: Yeah, you just rolled a—
ES: Nine plus die. I gotcha’.
BB: He’s pulling his gun out is what you’re saying. 
GR: Well, he’s pulling something out. 
ES: Nope. Not that one. 
MM: I hope it’s not his weiner. 
BB: Wait. So, what has happened right now? 
GR: Okay. So, you just saw...So, Dak Rambo is blocking the door right now. You can see there’s a dude who jumped up and then there’s another dude to Dak Rambo’s left on a couch also getting up. 
BB: So, for the AR overly right now, am I seeing any devices on these guys that I can fuck with? 
GR: Not these guys. No. 
BB: None at all? 
GR: Nah. 
BB: Okay. I think Z’s going to pretty much just hold this turn. Because Dak Rambo’s pretty firmly situated in the door right now. 
MM: And then he...You had a high roll too, right? 
ES: Yeah, I had a—
GR: Yeah, you’d be against your normal with your turn. 
BB: I feel like she can actually get in there. 
MM: She might be able to sneak around big old block, Blockbo. 
GR: They don’t see you. You want to try and sneak in? 
ES: Yes. I’m going to that. 
GR: Okay. So, he opens the door. You see those guys moving. You turn invisible and you side-step past Dak Rambo. Now you have an advantageous spot in the room where they’re both going to run in front of you, presumably to attack Dak Rambo. Dak Rambo, it is now your turn. 
MM: So, there’s a guys to my left. Fella’ to the right of me. 
GR: In front of you. 
MM: Stuck in the middle. Is that this song? 
GR: Yeah. 
CT: That was AC/DC, right?
MM: Oh, don’t say that around a motel. Yeah, so guy on my left. Guy on my right. Are they— 
GR: Guy in front of you. Guy to your left. Guy in front of you. 
MM: Guy in front of me. And he’s sitting at a desk. 
GR: He’s hopping over the desk right now. Like slow motion, he’s got a knife out and he’s jumping over the desk. 
MM: And the guy to my left, is he closer? 
GR: Yeah, he’s closer to you. He was last lying on the couch and now he’s slow motion, getting up off the couch.
MM: Okay, so— 
BB: So, you want to kick the door wide? 
MM: I am going to...while facing the guy at the desk, I’m going to step in, step close, right close to the guy on the who is sitting on the couch. Pull my out and shoot him in the head. 
BB: We didn’t even ask these guy’s names. 
ES: We know they’re bad. 
MM: We did know we had to kill these guys and honestly I just need to get this Nuyen, so I can get my new truck. My old truck. It’s going to be like new once I get it back and get it fixed. Little Marco’s going to help me out. Alright, let’s roll. 
ES: Little Marco. 
MM: Little Marco’s a mechanic. 
BB: We don’t know a Little Marco. I don’t know who that is. 
MM: Well, you haven’t met him yet. Probably because you’re not a trucker. And probably because you’re not very sociable. 
BB: This is just like ephemeral, our personalities interacting, but we’re not necessarily having this conversation. 
MM: Nope. This is all going to be cut from the podcasts. It’s going to go into the secret vault where only our top “Patrean”? 
BB: “Pateran”? 
MM: “Patrean.” Yeah. 
ES: “Patrean”? 
BB: Yeah, Patreon. 
MM: Oh, yeah. “Patrean.” 
BB: “Patrean.” 
MM: AC/DC. Thanks for your “patrance.”
BB: You’re just putting the dice down how you want to roll them? 
MM: Yeah. Five ones.
BB: Is that a shotgun? 
MM: No, it’s like a big-ass assault rifle. 
GR: So, you just pull that off your back. Put it to this dude’s head and go...
MM: It’s single shot. It’s just one.
GR: Like a can of paint splashed up against this hip off-blue wall. Dude is gone. 
BB: I’m going to step forward. I mean fuck this dude. I’m going to take out this other guy. 
GR: Okay. Six hits. So, in slow motion, Dak walks in. Guys sort of stands up. Dak takes his huge assault rifle. Pops the dude in the head. Paint splatters all over the wall. Meanwhile, the other guy has successfully vaulted over the desk with his knife out. At this point, right behind Dak Rambo, two machine pistols busting out of your hand just spray this dude, gross anime style. Dude is ripped apart by the bullets. And dies right there on the floor. 
BB: Z immediately comes over to Dak and says…
Z: Just like old times, right buddy? 
DR: Yep. Just like how we used to kill people together. So, there were four guys we had to kill. And we’ve killed two guys. So, that means that there’s two more guys here. 
BB: Dak says loudly. 
BB: And I’m assuming Pox is still invisible or…?
GR: Yeah. 
ES: Pox is still invisible. Not a drop of blood on her. 
BB: But she’s got her katana out. She’s got the time. 
ES: She does. She’s ready. 
GR: You hear big noises. Big thumps and bumps. 
DR: Uh-oh. Where do the bumps? 
GR: But we’re going to take a little break for a message from our sponsors. Guys. Blue Apron. Everyone knows. It’s a great thing to have. They come and they bring the food to you. Spicy habanero shrimp. Sweet chimichangas with bread and duck sauce. Five hamburgers. All these lunches are part of the Blue Apron month of the month. And this is for new customers. Just this month, you get to kiss a fisherman. If you sign up for Blue Apron. So, don’t forget. It’s www.blueapron.com/google. Thank you and we’ll see you at the fisherman’s mart. 
BB: Squarespace is the number one…
GR: Before we get to the action happening upstairs, let’s just go downstairs. Check in with the front door guy. See if he’s doing anything. Anything’s going on. 
CT: Tech Wizard, as the security guard, is checking out the turd that was drawn on his face in magic marker and like…
TW: Goddamnit. 
CT: He’s like spitting on his thumb and rubbing his lifeless body’s foreheard trying to get it off. And it’s just smudging it and making it look browner. Kind of filling it in frankly. It looks like a water color now. But he is a little bit anxious because he knows that cop is going to be coming back around uninvited. So, he does send a quick com up. 
TW: How’s it looking folks? 
BB: Z just takes a snapshot of this front area with these two dudes are who are just like laying on the fucking ground. 
CT: Just slaughtered. 
BB: A hundred bullet holes. 
MM: Dak is posing with his gun, pointing at one of the guys.
ES: And then he gets another picture of both of them with their arms around nobody. And then they’re off.
BB: Yeah, Z does the ocular drone thing, so they can take a selfie. 
CT: Meanwhile, the other two guys in this room are like…
BB: Why don’t we check, going up on…
GR: Yeah, you hear a...
BB: Oh wait. Can they—?
GR: And the doors closes. 
BB: Can they walk into the feed? There’s a series of selfies where we have our arm around them and then all of sudden the guy you see in the background of the pictures like…
GR: You see a guy cross over in the back. Opens the door…
CT: Oh shit. 
GR: and then closes behind you. Behind him. So, now that you’re in the room, here’s what you can see. Give you what it looks like a little bit more. So, there’s this front area where you blew these two guys away. To your left, and up a little bit are a bunch of cubicles you can see. To your right, you can see a large door, which is what this dude walked through with these sort of, that glass that’s sort marked up white—
MM: Frosted. 
GR: Frost. Thank you. Frosted glass that looks like it might be an important room or something. It’s got two big doors on it. And there’s some places to look. Sit. This might be a conference room or a big meeting room or something like that. And you can hear noises happening over there. To your far right, there’s a kitchen. 
DR: Hey. 
P: Mmm. I’m hungry. 
DR: Want to raid the fridge? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: Later? 
P: Yeah. 
Z: Yeah. Maybe after we do all of this? 
P and DR: Yeah. 
P: Definitely. 
Z: That’s what we’re talking about, right? 
P: Let’s look around some more. 
MM: So, did that guy come into our room and then leave our room quickly? 
GR: No. He ran over from the side. It was not in your field of combat vision. He just ran to the other room. 
MM: Okay. 
ES: And closed the door behind him? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: So, Z’s looking at all these pics and being like…
Z: What the fuck happened with this dude? 
DR: Well, I think they’re probably in that room, so...You guys want to do another…? Just like we did? I’ll open the door and then roll initiative and then... Kill these guys? 
P: Stick up. 
BB: Dak, what are you talking about? Roll initiative? What does that mean? 
P: Roll? I’m not rolling. I don’t need to roll. 
DR: We’re just going to roll initiative. Hopefully, we’ll get some critical hits and not, we don’t glitch it. 
Z: Dak, you keep looking out as if you’re addressing some person. But I don’t know who you’re talking to. 
DR: Oh, that’s right. We’re in this world. Wink. 
GR: Okay, at this point, the frosted glass shatters with the sound of a fully automatic machine gun blowing through, laying down suppressive fire. So, we’re going to roll for that pretty soon, so they say? 
DR: I hate suppressive fire? 
BB: Pretty soon or right now? 
GR: Oh, pretty soon. As soon as I pull up the table that tells me how to do the thing that I’m trying to do. 
BB: Which is murder all of us. 
GR: Which is to end your lives. 
MM: My life. 
GR: My life. 
ES: My life. My way. 
GR: My life. 
MM: Okay. Looks like I dodge it. And—
BB: Yeah, that’s a critical glitch, isn’t it? 
ES: My life. 
MM: Well, no. Not it’s not. 
BB: For all of the listeners at home, Mike Migdall is a notorious cheater.
MM: For all the listeners at home, Blair is wearing an adorable overalls. Little overalls shorts. And he’s got a big straw hat on. And a frog just hopped into his front pocket.
ES: And a dice is in his water. 
MM: That’s true. 
BB: I actually got the die out. 
ES: A die, huh? 
MM: That’s the one thing that’s not true. 
ES: Right. No. 
MM: About this picture. 
BB: He got everything else 100% accurate. But I got the die out of my water. 
ES: Did we also get on record that you are a very tiny person inside of a larger sheet. 
BB: That is not—
MM: We did not get that on record and we did not record that, so…
BB: “Strick” that from the record please. 
ES: Yeah, no record. 
MM: Please. Take it off the record. 
ES: It’s not on record. We don’t need it on record. 
MM: Guys, we just set a record for how many times we say, “record” on a podcast. 
ES: Broken record. 
GR: How many hits did you get? 
BB: Four. 
GR: You take three physical damage. 
BB: Sweet. 
MM: Oh man.
GR: So, just… This window explodes open. You guys take a little damage looking for cover. The frost busts open and you see a dude in a robo suit. A dude is sitting in a mech suit.
BB: So I got my—
GR: And he’s got a machine...a big old Ares machine gun mounted to his side. And on his arm, he’s got a grenade launcher. 
MM: Oh my. 
GR: And there’s two other dudes in there just with pistols. 
BB: Are we rolling for initiative? 
GR: We are going to roll for initiative. I should describe these guys a little bit to you. 
BB: Oh yeah. Absolutely. 
GR: They’re just crusty. They’re real crusty. But this guy has...He’s a dwarf. And he’s got a red forked bear. And he’s wearing those cool circular sunglasses that you see amigos wearing sometimes. And the other guy, one of the other guys has a mohawk. And the other guy has a nice curly mustache. And they’re crusty. 
MM: Question about the guy in the mecha suit. Is this guy...Is is his face exposed? 
GR: Yeah. 
MM: So, I see that. So his face is not guarded? 
GR: His face is not guarded. He’s just sitting in a chair that controls this…
BB: Yeah, he’s like—
GR: seven-foot tall robo. 
BB: Sweet. I assume this dude’s mech suit is just lit the fuck up on my AR overlay. 
GR: Yeah, you see it. It’s showing up. 
BB: I’m going to roll to put a mark on it.
GR: You got three hits? You don’t get in. They blocked it. Okay, we’re going to hop over to Pox. 
ES: This guy’s sitting there with his face exposed behind the desk? 
GR: Yeah, so the frosted glass is blown over. There’s a conference table that’s been knocked down and there’s...You just saw two scummers take cover behind the table. And this big old robo with a machine gun grenade launcher. 
ES: I’m going to try to run fast at him and jump the table to hit him the face with my katana. 
BB: You’re going for one of the pistol dudes or the robo dude? 
ES: I’m going for the main dude.
GR: Okay. So, he’s about 80 feet away from you. 
ES: He’s 80 feet away? Okay. I think I want to try to run towards him. 
CT: Is there cover on the way? Can she run to cover? 
GR: I mean there’s that conference table. And there’s also a couch at the very midpoint of you guys that might not hold up well against machine fire, but it is a bit of cover. Oh, wait. You know what? Oh shit. I forgot. This dude is doing—
BB: Suppressing fire. 
GR: Suppressive fire, so by running, you will run the risk of getting shot again.
ES: Three. 
GR: So, he’s firing those bullets at you. And you’re nimbly dodging, twisting, flipping, until you skid behind the couch. 
P: Phew. I’m fine guys. I’m fine. 
DR: Great. 
P: Don’t come towards me. 
DR: Not going to. 
P: Okay. Good. 
DR: Do you guys see this guy’s robot body? 
P: Yeah. He looks really, really crazy. 
DR: He looks pretty cool. 
P: That’s one way to put it. 
DR: Look at this guy. Robot legs. 
P: Why don’t you fire your gun? 
BB: He’s waiting for his initiative count. He didn’t roll very well. He rolled a one. 
ES: He’s not rolling at all. He’s standing. 
BB: He was rolling out of the way of those bullets like a—
ES: It’s Dak’s turn. 
MM: Hey looks like my initiative is finally today. I’m going to throw this flash bang. And I’m going to attempt to throw it over the conference table, so that I can give them a big scoop of flash bang with their dinner. 
BB: Tech Wiz holding down the fort on top. Big ups to you.
CT: Thank you. 
MM: We could not have done this without the the T Dub’s. 
ES: Definitely not. 
CT: T Dub’s is pretending to press buttons and sip the guy’s coffee. And I like talking to him like, “Oh it’s a...We’re all frigid.” 
BB: Honestly, let’s go to the front while we’re waiting on all of this stuff. What’s up? 
TW: Oh, that’s a bad man. I’m going to shoot him with a camera turret. 
[BB voices a janitor (J)] Hey, Earl. I was just cleaning out the bathroom over here. I was about to go across the street and grab some tacos. You want any? 
TW: Tacos? Yes. 
 J: You want your favorite two tacos? 
TW: Hey, my usual. 
J: The usual? 
TW: Yeah, you know me. 
J: You know, is that the...I forgot which ones your usual. Which one is Hank’s usual. I usually get tacos with both of you, you what I mean? 
TW: You know what? Here’s the thing. Bring both back, and I’m going to hold the other one in the fridge for Hank. 
J: Oh man. I don’t know if I got the cash to front two—
TW: Here, let me check my pocket here. Let me see what I’ve got. Oh buddy. I only got three Nuyen here. But can I? 
J: Three Nuyen. What? 
TW: Why don’t we just give it—
J: Tacos are six, man. 
TW: I know but this will cover some of it. You’ve got enough for…
J: You want me to go buy two different types of tacos just so Hank can his tacos when he gets in tomorrow morning? 
TW: Hank will pay....You know what? Yes I do. Is it so bad? Hank’s mom died. Did you hear that? 
J: No. 
TW: His mom died. He’s torn apart. 
J: Doesn’t he have two dads? Who is his mom? 
TW: The woman that they…
J: Like his biological mother? 
TW: Yes. The actual biological mother. So, it’s not like as bad, but it—
J: I mean that’s sad, but that doesn’t sound like it would be a huge deal, you know. 
TW: Which is why we’re not giving him a fucking card. We’re getting him a taco. Is that so much? 
J: Hey, I don’t know, man. I don’t have the cash to front that much for tacos right now. 
TW: You know what? Forget the usual. Just get me a small curly fry. 
J: Man, I got to say, Earl. Usually it’s a real blessing to come in here and talk to you, but today it wasn’t what I wanted. 
TW: Can I tell you something? 
J: What? 
TW: I’m sorry but my mom died. 
GR: We’re going to cut to upstairs. Okay, so the flash bang grenade. It’s got a built-in timer, right? 
MM: I want to say built-in timer. 
GR: Okay. So, after a full round passes, they go off. 
MM: Because Dak, is he going to be operating—? 
GR: So, you throw it over. Ah! Dink, dink dink. So, the robo’s going to go and start shooting people now. He shoots a grenade over at you guys. One hit, so it kind of bounces around ineffectively in front you guys. It’s just a grenade sort of blanging. Hanging chill in front of you. We’re going to have another dude pop his head out. Fire a pistol at you.
MM: What a dick move shoot an actual grenade in this office building. 
BB: Pretty rude. The fucking subfloors got to be shit under risk. 
GR: Okay. Five hits. We’re going to do that towards you. 
ES: I duck.
GR: Four. Going to take six physical damage. 
BB: Oh shit. So, she’s at nine? 
MM: Oh God. 
GR: Hurting pretty bad. 
P: I’m really… I think my gut’s hanging out of my body. Oh my God. 
GR: This dude just looks up and shoots right through the couch. And you take a pretty serious shot to the side. Oh boy. 
P: I was stupid. 
DR: No you’re not, Pox. We’re coming to get rest of you and like…
P: Save my sister before I die. 
DR: Who’s the—
GR: Two hits towards Dak Rambo. So, he fires off and... It does that. Misses you. 
BB: So, do we get our extra turns because we went over our turn? 
GR: It is extra turn time! And first of all, we’ve got Z. 
BB: Okay. Sweet. I got five hits. 
GR: You’re in. 
BB: Dope. Do I need to—
GR: You can control the machine armor. The machine gun arm. One more mark will get you the super thing. 
BB: Machine gun arm? 
GR: Yeah. You can’t control his legs, but you can control the machine gun arm. 
BB: I’m going to ask you a question straight up. Can I use this machine gun arm to just kill the dude? 
GR: Oh, to fire at himself? 
BB: Yeah. 
GR: He can’t fire at himself. You might be able to get him to fire at his friends. 
BB: I’m going go ahead and...Are his friends in the sameish area? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Can I just lay down suppressing fire towards them? 
GR: Yeah, you can. So, you score some hits on him and they have to—shoot man. They have to scramble to get away from the machine gun fire. It is your turn. 
ES: I mean I guess I’ll run up to the other grenade and try to throw it at the...so follow through it. 
GR: Great. So, that grenade is sitting on the floor kind of close to you. You can grab that and throw it over the table at him. You lob the grenade over towards them. And right at this moment, this beautiful moment, the flash bang goes off as the suppressive’s fire’s firing out. So, those two guys did not have enough time to fully dodge. The flash bang goes. They’re stunned. They fall over. Meanwhile, the suppressive fire is still going off, so they’re bodies are littered with the bullets from this gun. The guy in the robot suit screams in surprise and the grenade goes off close enough that both of his legs are blown out. The thing falls down to the ground. And he’s trapped underneath it. 
P: Fuck you! Fucker. 
Z: Hey, Dak. Do you have any stim packs? 
DR: I sure hope I’m wearing those pants. Let me look.
MM: He pats his pockets. 
DR: I got a bio monitor. 
Z: Well, that’s not going to come in handy. 
BB: I message Tech Wizard and be like…
Z: Hey. We might need your magical assistance up here. 
CT: Right at that moment, what’s his name is coming back with the tacos. 
J: Here you go, Earl. Both carne asada and carnitas. 
TW: Hey man. I just want to say I thank you for having some sympathy in me and this, for me in this tough time. 
J: I swear to God. If your mom’s not actually dead, I’m going to be so mad. 
TW:She’s dead, man. She’s frigging gone from this world. 
J: I got to go. 
TW: I can’t believe you’d even say that to me. I’m sick to my stomach. 
J: Well, I got to go and get to my other job. Because I also work at this motel. And I swear to God, everytime I go into one of those rooms, there’s a huge-ass kid in the toilet. 
TW: Alright, man. 
J: Have a good night, man. 
TW: Good night. I’ll see you tomorrow. We’ll talk about this, okay? 
J: Yeah. 
CT: And then he sees the thing. 
TW: Oh shit. What’s up? What do you need? 
Z: Pox got hit pretty bad. 
TW: I’ve got a heal. We’re cool. 
P: Oh God. Oh my God. 
TW: Are you guys like...Do you need me to come up there right now or are you…? 
DR: This guy’s still alive in the suit. Hey, I got to bring Pox down to get healed. Do you think you can handle everything up here? 
Z: Yeah, I think I can handle everything. 
BB: Can I roll to just straight up get full control of this mech suit? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB Okay. I’ll fucking walk out of this place. 
CT: So, Dak takes Pox downstairs? 
MM: Yeah. I scoop up Pox and we go to the elevator. 
DR: Hang in there, buddy. 
P: Thank you.
ES: Oh. 
BB: Oh. Six hits. 
GR: You’re in. 
BB: So, I’m going to go up and get this dwarf out. 
GR: So, right now it’s face down because both of the legs are wrecked. 
BB: Oh, the legs are not functioning? I thought it was—
GR: So, he’s just face down with the machine gun against the ground. And the grenade launcher against the ground. And the dwarf is just trapped underneath. 
BB: I guess I look through the...I’m assuming I have a full range of all the specs on the inside of this thing? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Is there an eject pilot mode or something like that? 
GR: Oh yeah. There is. 
BB: Just like when Dak went shooting out the top of a semi truck just hours before, I’m going to shoot this dwarf out of the mech. 
GR: So, you hit the eject button and the dwarf flies out and just smashes his head into the table Dak was hiding against. Puts a big old crack into it. 
BB: Wow. 
GR: He is not moving. 
MM: Real quick. Dak saw that as he was leaving with Pox. 
P: That was awesome. 
DR: Wow. Did you kill him? What a dinger on that guy’s noggin, huh? Oh gee. 
P: Oww. 
DR: Alright, Pox. You’re dying. 
P: I’m dying. And don’t say that. 
DR: Well, it looks like you might die. 
P: Don’t say that. 
BB: How close do you think this is to cyber technology? 
GR: Cyber technology? 
BB: My question is: there’s no way I can repair this robot suit at all? 
GR: No. 
BB: Then I guess I just fucking leave it. 
MM: You might just want to look for valuables in this office. Maybe they’ve got a supply of candy somewhere that the secretary has? 
BB: So, I guess I’ll first look to see if either of the arms are detachable or anything? 
GR: It’s a standard grenade launcher and the other is an Ares alpha. 
BB: And the guy wanted us to save this weapon or what? 
GR: As the mech suit is presumably the prototype he was talking about. 
BB: What I’ll do is, I’ll go into the thing and I’ll download all the schematics and shit onto my personal hard drive. And then I’m going to wipe the whole system. And if there’s a self-destruct thing, I’m going to activate that. But after I access the computer in the office. 
GR: So, you’re on the computer. 
BB: Sweet. I’m just going to look for pay data. That’s all I want. Financial records. Anything along those lines. 
GR: It’s pretty easy to access because you can see the holes that these cyber crusts, techno freaks burst through to get in. These guys did not put enough of their fire walls. You access their pay data very easily. 
BB: I’ll download all that shit, and then I’ll hit the self-destruct thing and get the fuck out of there. 
GR: So, you get in the elevator and as you’re heading down you hear a... That’s the sound of an explosion. You guys are now in the lobby. 
MM: I went first just because I—
GR: So, you go down to the lobby first. 
BB: I’m on a second elevator. 
CT: Okay, so—
DR: She’s dying. 
TW: I can’t heal as the security guard, so our only option is you’re going to have to knock me out right as I take control. 
MM: I punch him before he even finishes that. 
CT: You hear an outside…
TW: Ow. 
GR: Guy goes down like a pile of old mashed potatoes. 
DR: Most people do. 
CT: And Tech Wizard stumbles in. 
TW: Oh God. I felt the whole thing of that.
DR: Did I not do that the way I sh—?
TW: Dude. Fuck it. Just lay her down on the ground. 
DR: Dude, I punch you so hard, you have poo poo on your face. 
TW: That’s something else. I’ll tell you about it later. 
P: How did you get poo poo on one face and vomit on another face? 
TW: Okay, you know what, Pox? I’m about to heal, so maybe you can close our mouths and breathe deeply. Focus on breathing deeply. How about that?
DR: We killed all those guys. They had a big robot suit. 
TW: Man, and I missed out on that? 
BB: That’s why where ever you guys hear the… Ding 
DR: Oh. 
BB: That’s the second Z steps out of the elevator. 
DR: Woah. Mr. Robot himself. 
TW: 13. 
P: Good job. 
Z: Thank you, guys. 
CT: I’m going to do a force four heal, which is just enough to take off all your modifiers and get you back in decent shape. You’ll still need to go to a doctor after this.
P: Oh my God. You’re a wizard. I feel great. 
TW: You know, I’m glad I got to do something today other than punch a guys in the balls from a distance. 
GR: You guys all just got a text from your buddy. The guy. Mr. Johnson who gave you the mission. 
BB: Of course. 
MM, BB, and GR: Ding. 
Z: Everybody else has to check their coms. 
GR: And he...it’s another motel. 
DR: He’s at another motel. 
GR: Sweet n’ Low. 
DR: Sweet n’ Low. Oh, I stayed there for a month once. 
Z: I don’t even want to know. 
P: Oh. 
DR: I was running a little underground pachinko ring in my room. 
GR: You hear a siren. 
TW: We should get out of here real fast. 
P: Let’s get the fuck out of here. 
TW: We should get out of here fast. 
DR: You guys want to get out of here? 
TW: Yeah, let’s move out of here 
P: Let’s go. 
DR: Let’s get out of here. 
P: I say we go. 
DR: Let’s go on three. 
P: One. 
Z: Wait. Let’s tie this guy up. 
DR: Go. 
P: I say wait. One. 
TW: Yeah, who gives a shit? Let’s just get the fuck the out of here. 
P: Wait. What? 
DR: I can punch him again.
P: Oh. Alright, let’s go. 
Z: And get a wet stack of pancakes. 
GR: So, you guys head on over to the Sweet n’ Low, which is about 10 blocks away. 
MM: What’s the weather like outside? 
GR: It’s chilly, you know? It’s a nice brisk cool. But it’s stopped raining, so it’s just like a nice cool. 
MM: Cut. 
ES: And one morning I was bleeding out of my ass. 
CT: Yeah, that’s pretty—
BB: That was pretty insane. 
TW: Can I just say, you guys know how I told you about that officer who came by and, you know, I said I love him and everything. I’d like to think I helped their relationship. You know? I may have punched a naked dude in the balls today, but I may have also brought some people together. And, you know what? I think that proves that I’m not a bully, Dak. I think that proves that I’m a good person. 
Z: Ah, I think time will tell. 
TW: Well, I think time did tell. It was just a short amount of time, but it proved that I’m a good man and I love love. 
P: I’m going ahead and say you healed me, and you don’t know me. That’s nice. 
TW: There we go. 
P: But you also did punch that man in the dick. 
TW: You told me to do that though. You did tell me to do that. 
P: I’m really...No, I didn’t. 
Z: You obliterated his balls though. 
DR: Yeah, his balls look like two ice cubes when you pour water on it and the ice cubes crack. 
Z: And then you were talking about that janitor. He works at that motel. He’s going to have to go clean out the balls all over that guy’s room. 
P: The balls are on the walls. 
DR: The balls are on the walls. 
Z: In loves. 
P: On the wall. 
TW: Well then maybe I was. Maybe I go back. Maybe I heal that guy too, huh? 
DR: Awesome balls. 
TW: Maybe I’ll heal that guy. 
P: Don’t bother healing that guy. 
Z: We’re not going to back. That’s an asshole. 
TW: I’m going to back. I’m going to knock on his door. I’m going to heal the shit out of that guy. 
P: Don’t you dare. 
TW: I’m a good guy. I’m a good man. 
Z: Oh, here’s the Sweet n’ Low. 
GR: You’re arriving at the Sweet n’ Low. Sure enough. Like another crusty motel. There’s a big old gate in the front this time, but the dude is...Creb Dulette Johnson is smoking a cigarette out front. 
DR: Creb Dullete Johnson. 
P: The old tweaking man. 
CDJ: You took care of it? 
Z: No, you don’t. 
CDJ: I take it from you being here that you took care of it. You look a little scruffed up. 
Z: We got rid of everything, including the mech suit. 
CDJ: That was not part of the deal. 
DR: Yeah, it’s unfortunate that the deal was put in place after these technocrust dudes had already wrecked that shit. But you what we didn’t do? We didn’t kill the security guard. 
Z: We kept the security guard alive. And there’s no record anywhere in your entire office of what those schematics were for the prototype. 
TW: And also that security guard may found love. 
CDJ: You got rid of the schematics for the prototype? 
Z: Well, here’s actually what we did. We have the schematics for the prototype. So, depending on what you think they’re worth, then we will give them to you. Or, if you prefer, we can see what other people would think they’re worth and sell them to them. 
DR: Zenith!
TW: Wow. 
P: And I’m just going to say, Tech, keep you mouth shut right now. 
Z: Please. For the love of God. So we’ll be taking 50/30 apiece. 
GR: This guy’s face has just turned purple. He’s so angry. But he’s shut up. 
CDJ: How much did you say? 
Z: Well, we definitely have our 50/30 each, I believe still coming to us. And let’s just call it another 50/30 each for the schematics. 
MM: Dak starts doing a chicken dance around.
BB: No. 1060. That’d be 1060 each. 
TW: Make it 1060 plus 30. 
P: And a nine. 
TW: I want some more sauce. 
P: Make it 1100 each. 
DR: Oh. Make my day. 
P: Make my day too. 
TW: You know what? Make my day three. 
Z: What you got counsel? 
DR: We got one more person who’s day needs to get made whether they say it or not. 
CDJ: 11. You got 11. 
Z: 11 each?
CDJ: 11 each. 
TW: I’m transferring. 
Z: We chose him. 
P: Wait. 11,000. Okay. Good. 
Z: Yeah, so 11,000. I gotcha’.
CDJ: 11,000. 
DR: And you never see us again even if you want to. 
GR: Okay. He’s like…
CDJ: I’ll transfer it over to you. You transfer the thing over to me. It’s not the full thing, I’m going to delete the payment. I’ve got to make sure that you send the full thing to me before I give you the full thing. 
Z: Yeah. No problem. You got a chip reader? 
CDJ: I got a chip reader. 
DR: Hold on. Sir, I just have...It’s happened to me before. I just need to touch you. Make sure you’re not a hologram. 
GR: Okay. You touch him. He’s not a hologram. 
DR: Thank God. He’s not a hologram, guys. 
TW: Or a ghost. 
BB: So, Z has a fucking cord thing that comes out of the back of his neck. And so he just yanks a chip off the back of it. And then holds it out in one hand as puts his other hand out. 
GR: So, he takes out his com. Takes a little chip out of the com. He puts that in your hand. He takes that chip. Puts it in. He’s like…
CDJ: Okay. That’s good. 
GR: He taps his wrist and the money…
BB: And then Z scans it and then uploads it in the thing he has. 
GR: You guys all just made 11 each. 
P: I made 11.
GR: The dude turns around. He says…
CDJ: It’s been a pleasure. 
GR: Walks away. Likewise.
MM: But he walked away. 
DR: Hey, I got one more thing to say. 
Z: Yep. Dak has to get a final line in. You can’t just away like that. 
DR: This is kind of how it works. 
GR: Turns around.
DR: Have a nice day. 
P: That was very sweet, Dak. Very sweet. 
DR: Thanks Pox. 
CDJ: Seriously, did you guys beat up that one guy in the motel? 
DR, Z, TW, and P: What guy? 
Z: Which motel? 
GR: He turns around and walks away. 
DR: He got in the last line. Damnit!
TW: Oh shit. 
DR: Hey, guys. We just got paid. I had to get my truck out of an impound lot. But before that, do you guys want to go get some pancakes? Because earlier, Zenith mentioned a wet stack of pancakes and it made me mighty hungry. 
P: The only thing I want is a stack of pancakes. 
TW: Nothing else, Dak? There’s nothing else you might want to get for dinner tonight? 
DR: You know what? I think I made a big mistake, you guys. I mentioned pancakes. 
Z: Or waffles? 
P: Bacon. Mmm. 
DR: Uh-oh. What is your telepathy skill? Because you just read my mind when you said waffles. And you read my mind when you said bacon. And Tech…
TW: That’s okay. 
DR: I’m just kidding. I remembered. We’ll go to Raising Canes. Neo Raising Canes. 
TW: I just want to be able to store lots of sauce in your secret compartments, okay? You coming? 
DR: He’s talking about in my truck. There’s secret compartments in the truck? 
Z: Of course. 
P: Yeah. Okay. 
DR: I have do have secret compartments, and he’s not talking about orifices. So, here’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to get some pancakes. We’re going to get some waffles and bacon. We’re going to go to Raising Canes. 
P: Sounds like a good day for my belly. 
GR: So, the camera pulls out on the five guys. The five rocking folks. Laughing. 
MM: But who’s the fifth guy? 
BB: Yeah, who is the fifth person? 
GR: Sorry. I was just thinking of...It was just another guy. 
 
MM: Who is the other guy? 
DR: Who’s this guy? There’s a man. 
P: A spy. 
DR: There’s a man with a big mustache and a baseball hat. 
GR: Yeah, and he’s pretending to play electric guitar.
ES: He’s like ‘bacon’. 
GR: He’s like, “Bacon.” And then he walks away. So, the forest camera pulls out from the four cool guys. 
TW: That guys was frigging cool. 
GR: And you guys are like, “DM. That was nice.” And it pulls out and you see the great spire of Indy. The center of Indiana. Indianapolis. And you see the greats stalks of corn. And you see the crazy death race that surrounds in the southern part of this gnarly stretch of corn. And you pull out. And you hear the sound of a corn beast. And the sun starts to rise. And then black out. Credits roll. 
MM: Dak Rambo. Played by Doc Ramba. 

[EPISODEBREAK3]


GR: Exterior. Hungry Hound Diner. There's a scummy blue and a very old neon red, like an orange at this point, lit, old-fashioned diner. And there's a big old, on top on the roof. It says in big diner letters Hungry Hound Diner. 
[Gannon voices Janine Shandell (JS): Alright it–
GR: That's Janine Shandell, your orc waitress coming up. 
(MM) voices Dak Rambo (DR): You know, Janine, I gotta ask you real quick, what is your typical birthday protocol? Because my man over here, Z. He's turning 26 today. 
[Blair Britt (BB) voices Zenith (Z)]: No I'm not. 
[Eleni Sauvageau (ES) voices Pox (P)]: It's your birthday?
DR: He’s turning 26 today, so... 
CT: Uh-oh. 
P: Oh my God. 
JS: Oh, honey. 
GR: You’re 20...turning 26? 
CT, ES, MM: Happy, happy birthday! Happy, happy birthday. Happy, happy, happy, happy day!
Z: It’s not my birthday. 
JS: It looks like you guys have got a birthday protocol. We don’t even have a birthday protocol In here.
TW: You got a sombrero in the back? Sparklers? 
P: Like something fun. Bring us something fun.
JS: I’ll bring you a slice of carrot cake. How’s that sound? 
TW: I was thinking carrot cake!
P: Oh, that’s fine.
JS: Alright. You want some carrot cake? 
P: He wants it!
Z: Can you put a candle in it? 
JS: I can do that. I am sorry. I just got to ask...Are you? Are you folks shadowrunners?
P: What? 
JS: It’s just I’m a big...I’m a big fan of–and we get a lot of shadowrunner types and I just, I don’t know, sometimes I fantasize about what it would be like to live that kind of lifestyle. You look upset. I didn’t mean to offend. I–
TW: Do I look like a shadowrunner? 
JS: Yeah, you–.
P: He doesn’t look like a wizard?
JS: Well, he looks like a wizard shadowrunner. He’s all covered in dirt. Got that old thing on. This–
DR: He just went on his, like, 4th shadowrun mission, so, uh–
JS: Oh, that’s great. What’s y'all’s names? Your team? 
DR: We’re called the “Dak Rambo Experience.” 
P: Oh, really? 
Z: Oh, wow. We don’t have a group name as of yet. 
JS: Dak Rambo Exp–
P: It’s definitely not Dak anything. 
DR: It’s Dak Rambo and his little buddies and his squad.
TW: We’re all freelancers at this point. Not really a cohesive group. 
JS: Oh, ya’ll don’t work together? 
P: No. 
TW: No. I’d say this group probably never work together. 
DR: No, we do work together and it’s his birthday and he would like pieces of carrot cake. Piece of carrot cake. 
TW: We’re pretty much exclusively. 
P: Nah. Definitely.
Z: I just want to point out that I’m 22, Dak. I’m not 26. 
JS: You turned 22 today? 
Z: You know I turned 22 3 months ago, but I am 22. 
DR: It is his birthday. It’s his 22nd birthday. 
Z: It’s definitely my birthday. I apologize. 
JS: I just...I got a question. Do you guys run with the best of the shadowrunners? Do you know any of the top guys? If I shoot you just the names, tell me if you know them. 
DR: Yeah, hit us. 
JS: Okay. How about the Cleaners? 
Z: No. 
DR: Those guys stink and I do know them. 
JS: Apex? 
Z: Oh, yeah. 
DR: Apex? Those guys stink. Next. 
JS: Sunup? 
DR: Sunup? Sundown. Next. 
JS: Creature? 
DR: More like human. Next. 
JS: Alex Rainbow? 
DR: More like Alex Raincloud. That guy sucks. 
JS: The Pricks? 
DR: More like the, the–
P: Yeah, yeah, that’s–
DR: Actually the Pricks are pretty cool. Those guys are awesome. 
Z: Yeah those guys are awesome. Very respectable. Also pretty good Deckers. 
JS: Carbon Copy? 
P: More like nothing copy. 
DR: Yes!
JS: Alright.
Z: I feel those guys have a pun name, but it’s an outdated joke to a communications system that was really popular in the early 2000s. 
JS: I don’t know what it is. I just know that they took out robo Osama Bin Laden. 
P: Wow. 
Z: He was a menace to society. 
P: That’s really scary. 
Z: That’s respectable, and I think it’s great you find shadowrunners so interesting. 
JS: Yes! I just love keeping up on it and you know what? I’ll just take 10% off your tip. 
Z: Ma’am, what was your name again? 
JS: My name’s Janine Shandell. 
Z: Janine. Just to let you know if you need us to do anything…
Z: Here’s my contact information. 
JS: Oh, thank you. 
DR: And Janine if you ever need us to do anything here’s my contact information as well. It’s on the back of one of his cards. It says Dak Rambo. 
Z: Did you write your - hey, you did. 
JS: It says Dak Rambo and it says, “Boobs.com” underneath it? 
DR: Wait. Let me see that. And I just cross that out. 
TR: You got that website reactivated? 
DR: Ah, not in front of Janine, alright?
P: And Janine thank you so much for bringing us all a free piece of carrot cake. 
JS: Oh! Sorry. I’ll get right on that. 
P: Yeah. Thanks. 
JS: This is the Shadowrunner Special. I’m outta’ here now. 
GR: Turns around. Walks in back. 
P: I love cake. 
DR: You guys don’t like Dak Rambo Experience?
TW: I love Dak. I didn’t get a chance to say it. 
P: Well you don’t get to vote! Ugh…
TW: I thought that when you said that I thought that was our name the whole time. 
DR: I thought it was too because it is our name, but I don’t know. I’m open to suggestions if you guys have something cooler that incorporates my name. I don’t know. 
Z: Does it have to incorporate your name, Dak? 
DR: I mean it’s gotta be really cool to not incorporate my name. 
GR: So, Z, let me run you through some of the information you were looking up on, uh, where Xanadu is currently located. It’s in a spot known as Big Marco’s Truck Repair Repo Tow n’ Stow. It’s a mega truck yard/junkyard/garage. It’s...As you’re looking it up you noticed it was of some renown. One of the local death racers, one of the more popular death racers. A man who goes by the name of Kannabis Jack. Uh, he is sponsored by Big Marco’s, so– 
BB: I’m going to go ahead and assume Kannabis Jack is spelled J-A-K. 
GR: Uh, yeah. That’s right. 
CT: Okay. Cool. That’s what I figured. 
GR: And it’s like a primo facility. Pretty well guarded but open 24/7. Indianapolis is a pretty solid trucker hub, so it looks like most truckers go through this location. There are some other shops, but this is the major one. And that’s all the info on that. And Shandell comes back out with the carrot cake and plops it down in front of you and says, 
JS: Alright. Now enjoy. Here’s the check. I’ll see myself out. 
DR: Do you want to guys? Do you want to go maybe try and find some cock fights? Maybe make even more money? 
Z: You don’t want to go get your truck? 
DR: I want my truck is going to be there. What impound lot is it in? 
Z: It’s Big Marco’s? 
DR: Oh, it’s at Little Marco’s! 
Z: I think the one I was looking up was definitely Big Marco’s. 
DR: No, it’s Little Marco. Trust me if you meet the guy. 
Z: Look, if you don’t know the guy you can just say that. 
DR: No. I know the guy. His name is Li...I call him Little Marco. He doesn’t like that. I’m going to tell you that right now. He hates that. 
Z: Dak, I’m just saying, you know, you got this whole man on the street vibe and I know you try to act like you know everybody in every town we go to, but if you don’t know the guy you could just say, “I know Little Marco. I don’t know Big Marco.” 
DR: I know Little Marco who goes by Big Marco, and honestly, compared to me, he’s more just like Medium Marco. 
P: Do any of you–
DR: Can I get one of these? I go and put my hand up to my ear. 
Z: Well, off to the truck yard. 
DR: To the truck yard! Do you guys want to hail a cab? Get there real easy? 
TW: How close is it? 
CT: Obviously, we know where it is at this point. 
GR: It’s like six miles away. 
P: Six miles? 
DR: Six miles? We can hoof it.
Z: Might as well get a cab. 
TW: Yeah, these robes are really heavy. 
Z: We just made 11,000 credits. 
DR: Alright. 
P: Well, how much is a cab? 
Z: 45? 
P: 45? That’s it? 
DR: Hey, I’m putting my hand up. Guys, I got this.
GR: Self-driving car zips on up to you.
DR: Hey, to Little Marco’s truck yard. 
[GR voices self-driving car voice (SDCV)]: Does not compute. 
DR: Okay. Big Marco’s truck yard. 
SDCV: To Big Marco’s Repair, Repo, Tow n’ Stow. 
GR: And you hop in this little pill-shaped car and it zips you off. 
MM: Dak Rambo hops in the driver’s seat of the pill-sized car. 
GR: Okay. 
ES: And? 
CT: I assume...Are there controls? What does this self-driving car look like? Are there even controls or is it just like–? 
GR: It’s just like seat belts and seats and just like a smooth surface. 
CT: Uh, can I try to hack this self-driving car? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Sweet. I’m going to hit it with Control Device,... 
GR: Okay. 
BB: which means I get +2 dice pool modifier. 
MM: Dak doesn’t know you’re hacking the car, but he’s like pantomiming driving the thing because he misses being behind the wheel of the truck.
DR: Ah, rides pretty good. You guys want to put on any tunes? 
P: Yeah, go ahead and sing for us. 
DR: Oh, you want a song from me? 
P: Yeah, sing. 
DR: Can someone give me a fat beat? Traveling. Down the road, we’re going far. I’m in a self-driving car. Dak Rambo is sitting at the wheel. Going to a drive thru, get four happy meals. We’re going to a trucker shack. Ah, I’ve got the team on my back. Dak Rambo is my name and our team name is gonna be the same. Dak Rambo!
P: What are you saying? 
GR: Anybody wants to feel it. And she tells, gotta believe it! That was Z controlling the radio.
Z: Putting a little sample in there. 
DR: Heck yeah. 
P: You try to make it charming and like sneak it in with a song, but we’re still not naming our team after you. 
DR: Damnit, Pox. I thought you wouldn’t notice that I named the team Dak Rambo. 
P: What? You think I wouldn’t notice? You know what? Fine. 
GR: You’re right outside of this honking huge...It’s this big old warehouse shaped building and then behind it is this big old parking lot. Behind that is a huge junkyard; it’s sort of weaving through. You can see like there’s some people on a a practice death race horse. D’oh. Course. Not horse. Practice death race course. And then there’s like a big old sign that says, Big Marco’s Truck Repair, Repo, Tow n’ Stow. 
TW: Dak? 
DR: What’s up, Tech? 
TW: We’ve got to get Xanadu in one of those death races, dude. We’ ve got to get it. You behind the wheel. Me hanging out the side window with a frigging rocket launcher and a little twinkling finger. The rest of these two doing something. Does that not sound so frigging fun? 
DR: Yeah, look–
Z: I feel like I don’t like the phrase twinkling finger as much as maybe Tech Wizard does. 
P: Twinkling finger. 
TW: That’s because you can’t twinkle your fingers like the Tech Wizard. 
[GR voices Little Marco (LM)]: There he is. I’d recognize that guy anywhere. 
DR: Uh-oh. 
GR: And you see coming through the door is a man; and, a human man, maybe a little shorter than a normal man but not extremely short. And he’s got a sort of slick-looking haircut and this little cheese-eaten smile. He walks up, right up to Dak Rambo like sort of smacks him on the chest. 
LM: How are you doing there, buddy? Good to see you’. 
DR: Little Marco! Little Marco. 
LM: That wasn’t funny. Listen, buddy. It’s Big Marco. 
DR: Little Marco. 
LM: Check out this sign. You say Big Mar...You say Little Marco again, I’m going sick my dogs on you. Now I know you’re a goofball, man, but do not Dak. You do not call me Little Marco. 
DR: You remember back in ‘53? 
LM: Yeah, alright. I can think about old times. 
DR: You remember you were tied down to a freaking monorail track?
DR: Do you remember? A guy came in on a motorcycle, looked like a younger, handsomer Dak Rambo with a freak’in katana sliced those, uh, restraints right off. Picked Marco of indeterminate size up on his shoulder and raced away while those Neo Nazis came after us? 
LM: Yeah, how can I damn forget? Saved my life that day. 
DR: Do you remember that other time where your lady was tied to a monorail track. And–
LM: Tabitha? 
DR: Tabitha. How is Tabitha by the way? 
LM: Great. She’s doing great. 
DR: Tabitha. And you remember sitting in the sidecar of my little motorcycle as I raced down with a katana sliced, saved her from the Neo Nazis that were coming after us. 
LM: Incredible times. Funny times. That’s why you’re my buddy. That’s why you’re my little buddy.
DR: Okay. 
GR: Gives you another pat on the chest. 
DR: No, no, no, no! I’m you big buddy. Come on, Little Marco. 
LM: Alright. He’s a big buddy. 
GR: Guys. He’s winking at you guys. 
MM: I get in front of the winks and I take the winks. 
LM: Ah, ha ha! This is always the guy that is so damned hard to work with, but it was rewarding times. 
DR: This is the guy that I saved life several times.
Z: I’m Zenith. 
LM: Oh, you guys a team? 
Z: Nah. 
LM: Look, I saw what is that? What is it? The Slamming Wagon? Is that what you’re still calling it? Thanks. I saw it got trucked in last night. 
DR: It’s called Xanadu now. It’s not the Slamming Wagon. 
LM: It’s not the Slamming Wagon?
Z: Slamming Wagon was a pretty gross name, wasn’t it Dak? 
TW: Yeah, that’s a– 
LM: Ah, not even. He had considerably grosser names. 
DR: Okay, look. It’s called Xanadu. 
LM: Meat Police. 
DR: Okay, Meat Police is a good name!
LM: Sloppy Ploppies. 
DR: Sloppy Ploppy was a bad name, and I was high when I came up with it.
LM: The Turd Hamburger? 
BB: Z is just coming up with images for all these trucks and putting them up in the air between everybody. 
DR: It’s all the same truck with different paint jobs. 
Z: Yeah, exactly. And like underneath it, it says the name of the truck and then this fucking- gross-ass paintjob. 
DR: Where did you get these pictures from? 
CT: They’re all on your media profile. 
DR: Oh, that’s right. Uh, hey, Marco, my good pequeño buddy.
LM: Dak, Dak, Dak. 
DR: Hey. Can I get my freaking wagon back? 
LM: You know? Have you checked those text messages that I’m sure you’ve received by now? I know you were never much of a reader for coms. 
DR: I only do voice mail. 
LM: You might want to check your texts, buddy. 
DR: Hey, can someone, uh, hey, Tech? 
TW: Huh? 
DR: Check my texts. Get over here, “Text” Wizard. 
GR: Okay, there’s a message from a number that’s unknown, but it says...it’s like it’s sent like it was sent by a computer, ya know? It looks very official and it says, 
GR and TW: The League of Truckers has suspended you, Dak Rambo, for assaults of a fellow trucker, Beans.
DR: Okay, bullshit. 
GR and TW: This is a black labels suspension. Take yourself to the secret truck order to be seen. 
DR: Okay, guy, give me that real quick. 
GR: Alright, Dak. You know exactly…
TW: Dak, you’re not going to like what it says. I’m going...You know what? I’m holding onto the phone for a minute. That you’re not going to–
DR: I’m going to call the number that came from. I’m calling up the number. 
TW: Dak, uh…
DR: I’m going bust it out of your hand. 
TW: Okay. 
MM: I call–
TW: Don’t you, Dak Rambo! Don’t you dare use your strength against me. 
DR: Tech–
TW: I’m your friend; and if you rustle me around, you’re being a bully; and I don’t like it.
DR: There’s been a big misunderstanding. The Secret Order of Truckers would never never suspend Dak Rambo. One of the founding members. 
LM: I got the text, same as every other trucker in the area. 
DR: They put out an APB on me? 
LM: Yeah, it’s an APB. This is basically for you guys; this is basically a trucker burn notice. Now, this ain’t about killing this killing this guy. This is about beating him up, hog tying him, and taking him in so he could be seen at court to attest for his crimes. 
DR: Ain’t nobody beating me up. This guy Beans…
Z: Wait, a minute. So all we have to do is just go into court, maybe let Dak get beat up a little bit?
LM: Ah, sort of. It’s just the thing is that the court itself is secret. Dak can turn himself in, but, ah, I believe it’s moved since the last time you were here. I don’t think you know where it is. 
Z: So are you willing to act like you have never seen us in here?
LM: That’s right. And I’m willing to tell you where this is and I’m willing to fix up your car because, buddy? What did you do to that? It was looking real messy. 
DR: We pulled a Hail Mary. You know what I’m talking about? We ran it through high-grade titanium wall at 95 miles per hour. 
LM: Just like the Dak I always knew. Alright, alright.
TW: And I helped.
LM: I’m willing to do all that for you and take it out of the impound lot and you only have to pay the 10,000 that’s due, but you also got to do one more thing for me. 
DR: I ain’t kissing your butt. 
LM: As much as I might enjoy that, I’m not going to make you do that. No, no, no, no. I don’t think you’ve noticed, Dak, but I’m actually a pretty big deal around these parts. Things have kind of changed since we were screwing around together. 
DR: You certainly keep talking about how big you are, Big Marco. 
LM: Well, it’s because I am big, okay? I’m a big deal in this town and big deals can’t be hanging out with blacklisted truckers, so you do this job for me and we’re golden. Alright. There’s a...you want to hear the gig? You want to hear about it? 
DR: I don’t want to, but I’m going to hear about it. 
Z: I kind of want to hear about this gig. 
DR: Pox, Tech. Do you guys want to hear about this gig? 
P: I’m wondering what’s in it for me? I mean am I getting paid at all orrr…? 
LM: Oh, I just assumed you guys were a team. 
TW: Pox, you kind of did a mission with us. You’re kind of locked in. 
P: So, I’m in. I’m in so long as I get...You know what? Yeah. Go on. I’m listening. 
CT: He gives her a solid pat on the back.
TW: Friendship.
P: Friendship. 
LM: So, you guys know about underground death fighting rings? 
DR: Of course.
Z: I’m aware. 
LM: Well, most of them that operate around Indianapolis, I get a cut. A new one popped up–pretty popular, pretty brutal, pretty nasty. I’m not getting a cut. So, a friend of mine showed me a way I can get a couple of fighters in. I was going to hire some goons, but you know I think having you guys do it would be a little cheaper and more effective perhaps. 
Z: Wait, so you want us to enter this death fighting ring as fighters? 
Z: Do we look like big brawling type dudes? 
P: Yeah, man. Look at me. I’m awesome. I’m going to just slay them like really no problem. Go on. 
TW: Hell yeah. Honestly–
LM: It ain’t about winning. This thing. I don’t know where this ring is. I don’t know where they do it. They’re very secretive about where it takes place. I just want you to burn whatever facility they’re operating in to the ground. Destroy it. Wipe it out. 
Z: Oh, shit. 
P: Oh, my…
TW: Oh, we can do that. 
LM: And I want you to leave a message that Big Marco made this happen, okay? Make it clear. 
Z: Now–
DR: Marco, if we do this for you, we’re going to need that 10,000 to be dropped to 7,000, alright? 
LM: Try no. 
P: I think he means 5,000. 
LM: That’s not going to happen. 
DR: Marco, I’ll tell you your zipper’s down for free. 
GR: He looks down. 
Z: He gotcha’. 
LM: Alright, you got me. My zipper was down. It’s still 10,000. 
DR: You guys? I got him pretty good. 
TW: That was... 
DR: We took some of the status back. 
Z: A little bit. I don’t think we’re totally out of the hole, Dak. 
DR: I know. We’re going to get him later. 
Z: Okay. 
P: Alright. How about this then? You fix up the car and you upgrade the car for only still the 10,000–
TW: Oh, shit. 
DR: And we get to join the death race. 
TW: Yes! Yes! Yes!
P: With his twinkly finger. 
LM: Wait, you’re going to do the death race in what...the, the Xanadu? 
Z: Yeah, sign us up for doing the death race in the Xanadu.
DR: Yeah, maybe you give Xanadu some, uh, modifications and we can race in your death race, and hey? We’ll even put a Big Marco sign on the trailer. 
TW: Hey, bub? Uh, why don’t we make it a Little Marco sign? 
DR: Okay, Tech. 
LM: Why don’t you–
Z: Back off, Tech. He does not like that shit. 
P: Oh, I mean, yeah. 
LM: I don’t know you. 
TW: And we got some status back. 
LM: I don’t know you, you weird slimy wizard man. 
TW: Oh, you don’t know me? 
Z: Oh, hey, Tech? Remember when we talked about how some of the people you interact with while shadowrunning are like really scary people? 
TW: Oh, okay. Very scary people. Then why don’t I feel scared, Z? Why don’t I feel like this guy is full of shit? 
DR: Tech? 
Z: Because you’re an idiot.
DR: Tech? Because you’ve been up for 27 hours, alright? 
Z: because you are freaking out right now.
TW: Man, I can’t even see the sky straight. 
Z: Tech? 
TW: There’s two of this fucking guy and I could beat both their asses with a magic fist. 
DR: Hey, Marco–
TW: Listen, Little Marco? Here’s what we’re going to do. 
Z: Hey, just to let you know, this is not the guy from the hotel room. This is like a way, way worse guy. 
TW: You know what? Thank you, Z. You should probably thank this guy, okay? Because all I’m saying is–
LM: Which finger is your least favorite finger?
P: What? 
DR: Alright. Come on alright?
LM: Which finger is your least favorite finger? 
Z: I will say this guy is going obliterate your nut sack. 
LM: Hey, hey, hey!
GR: He starts screaming behind him. Two huge like freakishly huge, trolls come out. 
DR: Alright, bud. Hey, Marco, Marco. Come on. 
LM: No, no, no, no, no! We can settle this right here. 
DR: Marco!
LM: This guy. This buddy a friend of yours?
DR: He’s one of my sons. 
CT: You know what? Ah, man. Tech Wizard casts invisibility. He casts invisibility and he disappears. 
Z: Look, that’s–
GR: Let’s roll for invisibility. 
MM: Roll for it, baby! Oh, we are getting in the shit now. 
CT: I guess you can judge how good that–
GR: That was good. I mean you just vanish all of a sudden and Big Marco just starts freaking out, screaming, and he’s like sweating. He’s sweating so much he looks like someone tossed him into a pool and pulled him out. You see he just starts sweating so much, so fast and cursing so loud. And these guys are running all over the place trying to find the Tech Wizard. 
CT: And little do you know Tech Wizard is standing perfectly still in the exact same spot. 
DR: Marco, Marco. Okay. Look. Big Marco! You’re the big man. You’re the top dog. 
LM: You fucks! You condescending fucks! I give you a chance–
DR: No, I’m not being condescending. You’re big; you’re Big Marco. 
Z: No, you’re being a little condescending. I definitely see that. 
P: Wait, everybody calm down. 
Z: Just listen to Pox. 
DR: This is Pox, by the way. She’s great. 
P: Yeah, I’m great. So listen to the sound of my voice–
LM: Okay.
P: and like close your eyes, maybe. 
LM: Alright. 
P: And let’s talk about that deal again, yeah? 
LM: Okay. 
P: So, you’re going to fix the truck and upgrade the truck and we’re going to burn that motherfucker to the ground. 
LM: You’re right. 
DR: In the name of Big Marco. 
LM: And you race in the next death race under me and I take the profits from your winning. 
Z: Wait, you take all of them? We don’t make any money? 
DR: I, I was all for doing that. 
LM: Is it a deal or is it not a deal? 
P: Hold on. 
DR: Big Markie. 
P: You’re fixing the truck and upgrading the truck for free and we are giving you the profits of the death race in exchange.
DR: And the glory. And the freaking glory. 
Z: And the glory. 
DR: Think about that. Think about seeing this freaking Slam Wagon just barreling with Big Marco’s face right on it. 
P: And if we win, and some more shit happens to the truck, you’re going to fix that and all as well. 
LM: Okay. 
DR: Marco, we’re going to make you even richer than you already–
LM: One last stipulation. 
DR: Uh oh. 
Z: Perfect. 
LM: Big it’s...the truck says Big Marco on it and it’s got my face. 
DR: Look, it’s got your face. It doesn’t say Big Marco. 
LM: It says Big Marco. 
Z: Couldn’t it just say Marco? 
LM: It says Big Marco. 
P: What if it says Marco really large font?
Z: Right, yeah, like Marco’s so big that everyone’s like, “Oh, there’s Big Marco.” 
P: Oh, it’s Big Marco but–
Z: It’s like a logo graphic kind of thing. 
DR: Yes, that’s a good idea. 
Z: Like the whole whole side of the truck says Marco and in the center the center of the yellow is your face. 
DR: Okay, Marco. Imagine this. It’s a big picture of your face and next to your face is a bigger picture of Dak Rambo’s smiling mug and right next to that–
Z: Dak, I don’t think this is going to end well. 
LM: It’s going say Big Marco. I already got my guys working on it. 
P: Right. It’s going say Big Marco. 
GR: He points at the two trolls and they turn around and he’s like…
LM: Alright. So, here’s the deal. This, um, all these fighters meet up in this parking lot. They meet in the parking lot, they hop in the van, the van scoots out of town to God knows where. The fights takes place to wherever the van takes them. I know where the van’s going be. They got spots for three fighters. I’d say maybe come up with a fighting name or something. I don’t know. Be convincing. 
DR: You’re the second person today who’s tried to get us to come up with a team name. 
LM: I’m not talking about a team name. I’m talking about individual names. 
Z: Right. 
LM: I–
Z: But you would probably want us all to have a single unifying name, so–
LM: You guys won’t know each other. 
Z: Oh. 
LM: That’s the thing–
DR: But I do know. He’s Z. This is Pox.
DR: And Tech Wizard is “unvisible” probably underneath the floor board. 
LM: That Tech Wizard guy. I don’t like him, but if he’s going to be a part of the mission, he can be a part of the mission. So, here’s the deal. I got room for three fighters and one representative of Big Marco’s. 
DR: Okay, done. Deal. Big Marco, I–
LM: Okay, here’s the thing. The representative doesn’t fight. The representative also gets to keep all of his weapons. Everyone else gets searched at the tippy top. Does everything make sense? Is that all cogent? Is that clear? 
Z: Yeah, that makes sense. 
LM: Okay. 
Z: We’re probably are going to need a second to figure out the game plan before we head off. 
DR: And Big Marco, I need to use your bathroom. Is that cool? 
LM: Yeah, you can use my bathroom. 
P: Oh my god. You better not look me in the eye. Close the door. Wherever you go, close the door. 
Z: Pox, Pox. He’s never going to do that again. 
DR: I’m not. I’m–
Z: That’s a real specific circumstance. We were stuck in a hotel room. 
P: That’s true. 
DR: Yeah, and that’s not like a thing that I...look I got a lot of things, but that ain’t one of them. 
P: Okay. 
Z: Just don’t shit in the top of the tank. 
P: What? He did that? 
Z: He does that. 
DR: That was...That actually is a thing of mine. But I’m not going to do that. Why would I do that to my buddy Big Marco over here, right? 
LM: Yeah, that’s right. 
CT: Tech Wizard laughs a little bit.
LM: Okay. 
DR: Just in there or this big building that says Big Marco?
LM: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just go on in there and the, uh, Dilbo will tell you where to go. 
DR: What? Who? 
LM: Dilbo. 
DR: Dilbo? 
LM: Dilbo. 
DR: Wait, you’re still working with Dilbo? 
LM: Yeah, I’m still working with Dilbo. 
DR: Oh my God. Can that guy spell his own name still or...? 
LM: Yeah, he still knows how to spell his own name. He’s a robot. 
DR: Wow. He took a beating, but he’s a robot now? 
LM: He’s a robot now. After the beating, he became a robot. 
DR: Oh my God. Well–
Z: Alright, Dak–
LM: Just took his brain and put it in the robot. 
DR: I’m going in there and I’m going drop a fat deuce. 
Z: Perfect. We’ll be out here, I guess, waiting until you’ve completely finished your deuce before we start talking about how we’re going to do this. 
DR: Okay.
MM: Hey, Gannon? I walk in. 
GR: Mmhmm. And there’s–
MM: What does it look like in there? 
GR: Yeah, okay. It’s like it’s very rustic. It’s not rustic but rust. Full of rust like it’s pulling up old ideas of like a rusty old factory, but it’s all very chic in the way that it’s presented. And there’s this robot that’s shaped like a snowman behind the front counter. 
DR: Dilbo, is that you? 
[GR voices as Dilbo (D)]: Ah! While I live and breathe. Dak Rambo!
DR: Dilbo, I can’t believe you’re still around buddy. Come here. Give me a hug. 
D: Okay. 
GR: He comes over and gives you guys a hug, give you’s a hug. 
DR: Uh, Dilbo? Which way to the bathroom? I gotta drop a fat deuce. 
D: Bathroom’s that way.
DR: Thank you, Dilbo. La, la, la, la. I walk in the bathroom. I go to the bathroom. Is there anything I can see I can see in the bathroom? 
TW: Dak. 
DR: What, Tech?
TW: I’m here in the stall. Look man, this is kind of awkward. I recognize that, but is that guy really like a fucking big dude? 
DR: Marco? 
TW: Yeah, I mean like a mean dude. He seemed… that was a lot more serious than I thought it would be. He’s got dudes that break fingers. I need my fingers. 
DR: He was probably going to cut that finger off. I don’t think he was going to break it. 
TW: Jesus Christ! I need my fucking fingers. 
DR: Marco’s a loose cannon and frankly, just from looking around this place it looks like Marco’s done quite well for himself in the past 25 years. But anyway, I–
TW: I gotta admit it scares me, Dak. I don’t know if I trust him. 
DR: I told him I need to take a deuce because I’m going to steal all their toilet paper. 
TW: That’s so good. I can put them under my robe. They’ll be invisible. 
DR: Were you following me or did you just come into the bathroom? 
TW: No, I’ve been following you. I’ve been right behind you like a shadow. 
DR: Okay, cool. I take all the, wait–
GR: I was just going to say, we’re going to cut outside to Big Marco. He’s standing with you two guys. So he’s like…
Z: So you’ve known Dak for a while? 
LM: Yeah. Yeah, we used to run gigs together. Yeah, we used to run.
GR: He looks over at Pox and he’s like…
LM: How’d you get wound up in this mess? You don’t seem like the type Dak usually associates himself with. 
P: I can understand that. But, you know these guys have got some kind of strange charm. I dunno, so here I am. We’ll see what happens. I have a question for you. How did you become Big Marco? 
LM: Practice, practice, practice. That’s the truth. 
P: Interesting. 
LM So, are you from across the pond? 
P: Yeah. 
LM: That’s not like a Southern thing? 
P: No. Do I sound Southern? 
LM: No, you don’t. You sound like you’re from across the pond. 
P: Yeah I am. 
LM: How did you find yourself over here? I can’t imagine it’s been easy. 
P: Well, see, I’m not...I’m a runaway. I’m basically a runaway, yeah? So I’m surviving on the streets. I’m just looking for any type of financial assistance that I can get. So if you’ve got an idea, well, I mean this sounds like...never mind. You’re providing me with an idea. I’m sorry. I keep begging stuff.
LM: A–
Z: I do have a question. 
LM: Eh? 
Z: Uh, do you much like hacking stuff? You got any, uh, cybernetic division or anything like that? 
LM: Oh, yeah. 
Z: Who do you roll with?
LM: The best. 
P: Well, no. Obviously not the best. 
LM: TE33. 
Z: TE33?
LM: TE33. 
Z: Okay. 
P: Well, the best is right in front of you, man. 
Z: Sounds like a collective or something or is that one dude? 
LM: Yeah, that’s a whole room just full of computer schmucks. 
Z: Wait, so you’ve seen them in person? Or do you just interact with them over the Internet? 
LM: I interact with them over chat, email. 
Z: Okay, just a friendly tip, you know. Watch out because those guys usually if you’ve only, you’ve never seen their face, they, uh, can screw you up pretty easily. 
LM: Oh, yeah? 
Z: Yeah. I’ve done it a lot 
LM: Mmm. 
Z: Real easy. 
LM: Big Marco don’t get screwed. 
Z: Okay. 
P: No, no. 
Z: But if–
P: Big Marco don’t get screwed. I can tell. 
P: Yeah, you seem really–
LM: Do you want a Coca Cola? 
P: Absolutely would love a Coca Cola. 
GR: Pulls a Coca Cola out of his back pocket.
Z: Pox, is that warm? 
P: That is...I mean it’s definitely warmer than room temperature. 
GR: Dak Rambo comes out of–
DR: Yep, look’s like everything’s functional in the b-room and... Marco, did I just spot you pulling a Coca Cola out of your back pocket? 
LM: I still got it baby. 
DR: Ah. This man can...no matter how big of an operation you end up running, this guy never changes. He’s still got a Coca Cola out of his back.
LM: You want to know something else, Dak Rambo? 
DR: What’s up? 
GR: He gives you another Coca Cola out of his back pocket. 
P: Oh my God. 
DR: Oh my God. What else you got in that back pocket? Tell me you got one more Coca Cola left. 
LM: That was it. 
P: Cheers, man. Cheers. 
DR: Cheers. Hey, Marco. You may be a son of a gun, but this Coca Cola is darn good. Anyone want a sip of this Coca Cola? Tech? Z? You haven’t had any Coca Cola. 
P: This–
DR: I mean, Z? Tech’s not right behind me. 
Z: I’m okay. 
CT: toilet paper roll materializes on the ground and rolls like–
DR: And Big Marco doesn’t notice, so let’s go now. 
GR: This has been such an adventure so far!
MM: Wow. Yes it has. Hey everybody. It’s Mike Migdall here... 
GR: And Gannon Reedy there. Man, we just wanted to interrupt real quick to be like what’s up in the middle of this podcast and also to shout out a couple of guys who wrote us some nice reviews. They were really genuinely really nice. 
MM: We read it and two incredible reviews on iTunes’ NeoScum page. 
GR: They were so...yes. They’re so generous I don’t want to even say them out loud because I feel like then it sounds like I’m bragging about myself very genuinely. It was super moving to receive those and just want to shout out two frigging names. 
MM: Shout out to Chudley. 
GR: Chudley, wus’ up? 
MM: Shout out to Haim. You’re my favorite dance. 
GR: Haim, what’s happening? I freaking love that music. Where’s your next album, ladies? Haim!
MM: If you write us a review, you know we’ll shout it out. You know I’ll take a screen-cap of it and send it to my mom and dad and say, “See? Maybe you don’t understand what Shadowrun is about, but there are people out here who are listening to our stuff and they seem to be enjoying it, especially enough to write a review. 
GR: My dad listened to the first episode halfway through and was like, “Ah, yeah, sounds like you guys are going to get better.”
MM: My mom listened and she was like, “Um, I like that character Binbon that you do on the One Shot podcast. I really like Binbon.” And I say, “What about this other character?” And my mom is just like, “When’s Binbon coming back?” So, thanks, mom. I love you. Thanks dad. 
GR: Yeah, and thanks to our listeners and thanks to Chudley and Haim. The next episode’s in two weeks. Fuck’in get with it! 
MM: Wow. Are you talking to me, Gannon? 
GR: Yep. 
MM: Okay. That makes it alright then. I think we should probably get back to the episode. 
GR: Yeah. The next...This episode is knock’in. And what’s going to happen next? 
MM: I know. 
GR: Me too. Let’s get to it. 
LM: The car will be coming for these guys in about five hours? You guys look tired. You might want to get some sleep. 
DR: Okay, we’ll go to a capsule hotel or something unless you got a place where we can bunk down?
LM: Check out the Shithole Motel across the street. 
DR: Oh my God. Let’s go. 
Z: From here? 
DR: The Shithole Motel? 
LM: It’s called the Shithole Motel. 
P: The Shithole Motel. Oh man. That sounds really rank. 
Z: Pox, I feel like you’ve got that tent thing? You just sleep on the ground most of the time, right?
P: That’s true. You know what? Fuck it. I’ll sleep outside if it’s gross. I’d rather sleep outside. 
Z: That’s fair. 
BB: Uh, Z, I guess, gets the smart car to like pull back up. 
DR: What a day. 
BB: We get into the room, and we, I guess, we don’t really have any stuff or we don’t have much stuff. 
MM: I got a little duffle bag I pull with me from my truck. He’s got a bunch of weapons in it and some little candies. 
BB: Perfect. 
CT: Tech grabs the candy and puts it in his mouth. 
TW: I feel like I’m maybe better at making friends than making enemies. 
Z: I don’t know if that’s true, Tech Wizard. 
TW: Well I feel, like, okay, let me rephrase. I’m better suited to attempt to make friends than attempt to make enemies. It has–
Z: That I’ll agree with. 
TW: Okay. 
P: Don’t be trying be trying to mess with people because you really upset them. 
TW: For the first time in my life, I feel powerful and it makes me want to fucking rip and tear; and it makes me want to burn that goddamned building to the ground. I am fucking psyched! And that guy got me psyched and I wanted to make him scared. Because it fucking gets my little robo dick hard–
Z: Oh, God. 
TW: in a figurative sense, in a figurative sense. 
DR: I think we need to go to sleep. I think we need to shut down and reboot our systems. 
Z: Right. Before we do that, can we just talk about strategy real quick on this death fight? 
Z: Sounds like the big decision we just have to make is who’s going to be the representative, because from what Big Marco said, that person is the only person who can keep all their weapons. So, logically, whoever has the most amount of weapons that are hard to conceal. 
DR: That would be probably Dak Rambo. 
Z: Right, because– 
DR: You got your guns in your hands, right? 
Z: Yeah. No one’s going be able to confiscate these or even see them. 
TW: I’ve got my guns in my hands. 
P: I am my own weapon–well, sort of. 
DR: You have a sword. 
Z: Right. You got that...what? That’s a sword, right? On your back? 
P: Yeah, I have a sword. Yeah. 
Z: Okay. 
TW: Guys, we kind of feel like a group right now. Does this not kind of feel like a group?
DR: I’ll say it. We feel like a group. I feel like a group right now. I feel like a sleepy group. 
Z: Okay, we can go to sleep. 
DR: Okay, look, I just need one hour of shut eye. I’ve got these adrenaline, uh, this automated-sleep regulator. It’s pumped adrenaline in me 24/7. But to be honest, I haven’t slept in two weeks. 
Z: Oh, gee. 
DR: I’m pushing it. 
Z: Yeah, me and you. 
P: Well, go to sleep. 
Z: A power nap for you, bud. 
MM: Dak immediately falls asleep. 
CT: Just to the ground. Limp. 
MM: He falls face forward and smashes his nose. There’s bleeding, but he’s sleeping through it. It’s a trust fall that no one caught him. 
BB: Z goes and flips Dak on his back, and grabs the blanket off the bed and whips it over his body. And then Z takes a seat at the desk and starts playing video games on his AR. 
CT: I guess I will spread out on this lovely twin-sized bed. You know what? We got–
BB: It’s a double bed. 
CT: It’s a what? 
GR: It’s a double bed. 
TW: Oh. Well then double the pleasure for me then, I guess, because I’m...You know what? I’m going to lay sideways on it. You know what? I’m not going to do that actually. My feet do hang off the side. This is not as big as I hoped it would be, but...nobody wants to come in this bed? 
P: No. 
Z: No. 
TW: Nobody wants to come in this bed. 
Z: I think we’re okay. 
P: No one’s coming in that bed. In fact, I’m...I am, this–
TW: It’s not a sexual thing, Pox. 
P: I’m not coming in the bed. 
TW: I know. I’m just saying–
P: No. 
TW: I feel like you’re misinterpreting this. I’m just saying it’s a fun bed. Do you guys not like to roll around in the–
P: A fun bed? 
TW: Do you guys not like to roll around in the covers every once in a while?
P: Do you know what’s probably in that bed? 
TW: Yeah. 
CT: He grabs a pillow and he starts waving at her high. Hitting her with it. 
TW: Come on.
P: Stop hitting me in the face. That hurt. 
Z: Oh, man. Chill out. Jesus Christ. 
TW: You’re not supposed to–okay. See? Now you made me like an attacker. 
ES: And Pox grabs a pillow–
CT: Yes. 
ES: and whacks him across the face. 
CT: Really hard? 
ES: Yeah. Really hard. 
CT: He falls off the bed–
BB: With all the martial strength that she commands.
CT: And he hits his nose on the sill of the window and starts bleeding and just passes out. 
ES: Oh shit. What? Oh my God. 
BB: Z walks over and grabs a pillow and lifts Tech’s head up and then just puts a pillow underneath his head and let’s it fall back down. So, he just bleeding into the pillow. 
MM: There’s a moment where Z is just looking at Tech and kind of like, in a blank slate of a face but one looking at this image would think it’s like a parental like–
CT: Yes.
BB: Totally, and Z’s just sitting there and he has another pillow in his hand and he’s looking at Tech Wizard and a just like a brief flash of an idea goes through his head where he’s like…
Z: I could just… I could just smother him. 
MM: That moment is interrupted by Dak Rambo who just goes.... He’s completely asleep, but he’s making this bizarre moaning sound like Verne Troyer on, uh,–
BB: And Z turns around and then just whips the pillow right at Dak’s head. 
MM: Like Vern Troyer on The Surreall Life. 
P: So if we’re going to sleep with that sound, I’m really going to go to sleep outside then.
MM: The sound stops. 
ES: Yeah, but it could happen again. 
CT: So they nap. 
GR: Alright, so you nap and you wake up about an hour before, right? An alarm goes up.
DR: Oh my God. Oh my God. 
TW: Oh, my nose hurts. 
DR: My fucking nose. 
BB: Z sends Pox a little com message that’s like, “Yo. We’re up.” 
ES: Pox comes back inside. 
DR: Hey. 
P: Look at all this blood. 
Z: Yeah, you guys are covered in blood. 
P: You guys. 
TW: Oh Jesus. 
DR: Did I fall asleep on my face? 
Z: Yeah. Directly. 
Z: And the floors in here are cement. 
P: You could say you broke your face, but, you, I mean it’s still intact.
DR: I guess I could say that. I could also say I feel like a million Nuyen right now. Let’s go shut down this underground combat fighting ring.
Z: Wait. Before we do that though...so, the game plan is you’re the representative and the three of us are fighters? 
DR: You’re three fighters. You’re I guess....your combat name is Shrimpy Skeleton. 
CT: Tech’s looking at himself in the mirror and he’s like…
TW: I kind of look like a fighter. I kind of feel like–
GR: You’re dressed up in your wizard robes? 
TW: I’m just–yeah, yeah. But–
GR: In your wizard hat. 
TW: But literally no different but just with like a banged-up nose. 
BB: He’s like in the bathroom away from the rest of the conversation just saying this to himself in the mirror. 
TW: You are a wild-fucking animal. You are a monster and no one can stop you. And it’s
time you show the world. 
CT: And he slaps himself in the face. 
DR: Hey, guys. I got some bandanas in this duffel. I don’t know if anyone wants any flare to their combat outfit. 
TW: I want a bandana. 
DR: Alright. Here. Take this cool flame bandana. 
CT: And he takes it and wraps it around his hand as if he’s like used to punching people. 
P: I want one. Can I have one? 
DR: I’ve got one more bandana and this one’s got cats on it. 
P: Okay. Perfect. 
TW: I’ll trade you the flame one for the cat one. 
GR: Perfect. 
P: Alright. Yeah. 
TW: He trades. 
ES: And then Pox takes the flame one and wraps it around the top of the point of Tech’s hat, so it’s just dangling there. 
CT: Tech looks at himself in the mirror and feels even more powerful. 
GR: Okay. Eye of the Tiger starts playing.
DR: Z, hey!
BB: And Zenith in order to disguise himself a little bit because he does have a pretty clear Z scar over his ocular drone thing? He rips off a piece of cloth and ties it around like it’s an eyepatch. So, he’s got a big band of cloth around his head. 
DR: Hey, Z. I have an eyepatch in here. Do you want an eyepatch? 
TW: I want the eyepatch. 
Z: No, I’ll take the eyepatch. 
TW: Okay. He can take the eyepatch. 
DR: Well, Tech Wizard said he wanted the eyepatch before you did. 
TW: I want the cloth or the eyepatch. I’m getting one of them. That’s what I’m saying.
P: I think we–
TW: You can have the eyepatch, but I’m getting the cloth. 
P: I think we need–
Z: I kind of need something to cover up a very specific thing that happens to be in my eye. 
DR: I’ve got–
Z: Is it okay if I take the eyepatch, Tech?
TW: You can take the eyepatch, but I’m taking the cloth that you just wrapped around your head. 
Z: This is just a piece of sheet, okay? 
DR: This is a white eyepatch that has a skull on it. So–
BB: Z slips it on and it somehow fits like fucking perfect and it kind of covers up his Z scar too. 
DR: Very cool. So you’ve got...you’re looking just like Tech Wizard but you have a bandana wrapped around your hat. 
TW: And a cat bandana wrapped around my fist, a bloody nose, and a piece of cloth wrapped around an eye. 
P: You look good. 
TW: Thank you. I feel good. You know what? I feel good. 
DR: Oh, looks like I got one more thing in this duffel bag. I don’t know how this got in here, but it’s a tri corner hat. 
P: I guess that’s for you then. 
DR: I guess that’s for me. 
ES: And then Pox, out of one of her pockets, pulls out a fake mustache and just puts it on her face. 
TW: Have you had that the whole time? 
P: Yes, I have had it the whole time. 
TW: Woah. Where’d she go? Where’d she go? 
Z: Tech, are you actually confused? You have to be clear when you’re actually confused. 
TW: Nope. I’m not actually confused. 
Z: Okay. Cool. 
DR: Hey, guys. I just realized something. I’m going to have to be Marco’s representative? 
DR: What does that entail? I really wasn’t paying attention. 
Z: You just talk and be like, “Here’s my fighters. I represent them. I know Big Marco.” Probably want to make sure you’re calling him Big Marco though, right? 
DR: He’s not going to be around, so maybe I’ll call him whatever I want. 
P: I mean I think you might be the only one who calls him Little Marco; and, then people are going to be like, “Get that guy. What an asshole.” They’ll remember you. 
DR: We’ll find out in a moment. I’ll surprise myself. 
DR: Let’s go get in that little car that’s parked outside. 
GR: You guys hop in the car and you drive on over. 
BB: At this point, I’ve shown Dak that he can just pull his data pad out and use it like a steering wheel. I install little apps so he can fucking steer it with his phone. 
DR: This is really cool. You made this, Z? 
Z: No. I just hacked it. 
DR: Oh, okay. 
GR: You pull up to this parking lot. There’s...you see...you identify…because you know what you’re looking for. There’s like a bunch of toughs sort of hanging around this abandoned Toys R’ Us. It’s super abandoned. It’s basically a historical landmark.
TW: Spooky. 
GR: It’s so ancient. Yeah, but it’s sort of on the outskirts of town. You can see the big old cornstalks aren’t so far away from you. They’re sort of creating shade from the sun. But you see just like about seven other people sort of milling around this area. All pretty muscular, all pretty tough looking. 
DR: These guys look dangerous. 
GR: Certainly. 
DR: Hey guys. If you need me to pull my guns and start shooting for any reason, just say, Mamba Jamba.
TW: Mamba–?
P: Mamba Jamba? I’m not going to say it. Don’t say it. 
DR: I just pulled my gun out. If you say Mamba Jamba, the bullets will rain. 
P: Ready. 
Z: Alright. Mamba Jamba? 
P: No!
DR: I’m going to sh–
P: Ease up. 
Z: I assume we have after such and such time then the code word comes into–
DR: After now. 
Z: Okay. So don’ say it. What’s the code word again? 
DR: It’s Mamba Jamba. Ah, I said it. You guys. Alright. Mamba Jamba or just say, “Hey, Dak. I need you to kill these guys.” And I’ll get the message. 
Z: Are we sure? Cause what if we’re just using that as a joke in order to convince people that we’re cool. 
DR: Well, I’m going go by a different name. I’m going by one of my many alter egos, okay? From this point on, I’m Dr. Zeph Wongburger. 
TW: No, not El Samurai? 
P: Zeph? 
DR: El Samurai is long dead. 
TW: What about La Samurai?
DR: La Samurai is still alive, but I’m saving her for another day. 
TW: Okay. 
Z: Also, you don’t have a costume for it tonight.
DR: It’s a, I wear a beautiful geisha outfit. 
GR: You guys see there’s an old beat up school bus coming up towards you. It’s self-driving. 
GR: Hoi-hoi, chummers. 
GR: There’s a guy in the shotgun or just standing by the door. Door opens up. All these other people who have been milling around come closer to this bus. 
MM: Do they see us? because we’re making a cool entrance. I’m walking real–
GR: Why don’t you guys describe yourselves walking towards the bus? 
MM: Okay, cool. I have long black robe on and a tri corner hat and a large assault rifle strapped to my back. 
GR: Isn’t your nose still bloody? Excuse me. Is your nose still bloody?
MM: No, buster. My nose is clean. My nose is pristine and my nose is mean. I walk in. I’ve got black cowboy boots, and I’ve got a large graduation ring that is on my pinkie finger. I found it in the bathroom of that restaurant we were at earlier. It was in the toilet that had a turd in it. I plucked it out of the poop, and I washed it off. 
GR: So when you were in the diner, you went to the bathroom, there was a turd in the toilet. You opened up the turd. There was a ring in it. 
MM: I saw the ring. I didn’t look in the turd. It might be a ring, Gannon. 
BB: And time to open this old treasure trove.
MM: Can you imagine that? If I’m just looking through every turd I find. 
BB: This is us talking about how he found a turd in the car before we actually entered. 
DR: No. I didn’t not see a ring. I saw something shiny. I reached in–
Z: It kind of sounds like maybe you opened up the turd trying to find whatever you thought might be in there. 
P: Did you–?
DR: It kind of sounds like you’re imaging the least cool scenario for me to get this. 
Z: Right. But if you think about isn’t it more impressive that you would have thought to open up a turd and low and behold a ring is inside of it? 
TW: I do want to say I was in a bathroom stall with him earlier and he was looking real hard. 
DR: I was looking for toilet paper to steal, which by the way guys–
Z: How long did it take you to look at the toilet before you saw the ring? Were you just like “Oh, there’s a ring in this toilet?” or was it like, “Let’s see if there’s anything inside of there.”
P: I’m sorry. The ring was shoved in the turd? 
DR: It seemed like maybe somebody accidentally ate this big signet ring, and the low and behold, they forgot to flush. One man’s turd is another man’s treasure. 
P: And you reached in? 
Z: I feel like that is the phrase of a man who opens up a turd.
DR: I just came up with that expression now and–
Z: Really? Cause I’ve definitely seen you shirtless and that’s a tattoo on your back.
DR: It’s a tattoo on my back. You are correct. It’s an expression, but it means a lot of things. Okay, guys. Act cool because we’re approaching these fellas–
GR. Wait. Hold on. What does everyone else look like? 
BB: So, Zenith is walking–honestly not so super different than he usually is–but now he’s got this bright white eyepatch over his head, which has a digital like one of those 8-bit looking skull designs on it. And he’s put on a black jacket that’s like a motorcycle jacket over his usual actioneer business clothing armor. 
GR: Z, you’re not super, well muscular, right? You’re just sort of like a regular shmuck? 
BB: No, no. Z is pretty diminutive. He’s like very athletically fit but not particularly buff or anything. But he’s wearing a biker jacket and he’s...Dak had these classic bright red trainers with a fucking like halfcab thing–a little strap that goes all the way around it. And he’s wearing those too. 
MM: You’re wearing my trainers. 
BB: Yeah, Z is like... 
MM: Perfect fit. 
Z: I need these. 
BB: and just put’em on. 
MM: Okay. 
GR: Tech Wizard? 
CT: Tech Wizard is...he has his wizard robes ties around his waist like a flannel shirt. And he’s wearing just a tank top. He’s got his hat, which has at the top of it, almost like one of those classic princesses, with a little flag at the top of it. He has a flame bandana. He has a one hand wrapped in a cat bandana–his right fist. He has a piece of torn and tattered cloth wrapped around his head, covering an eye. He has a bloody nose, which he did not bother to wash purposely. 
BB: So, he’s just got blood all over his face. 
GR: You like Andrew W. K. on the front of his first album. 
MM: Only dressed like a wizard with a princess hat.
GR: But with this under shirt on. Pox, what have you got? 
ES: So, Pox has a negative quality, which is her distinctive style. She’s walking with just a big scowl on her face and this fake mustache, which is a huge handlebar mustache. It’s oversized, like black, just trying to cover up as much of her face as possible. But it sort of keeps wanting to fall off, so she has to keep pushing it back onto her lip. 
GR: Is it very clearly a fake mustache? 
P: I think it’s not very clearly a fake mustache until it starts to fall off and she keeps pushing down on it so that it’ll stay. She’s still wearing all her pockets like her cloak covered in pockets. 
GR: Tech Wizard and Pox. What’s your athletic build like? The rest of these guys walking up are like MMA fighters. What have you guys got? 
CT: Normally, Tech Wizard would not be a fearsome sight, but he is sucking in pretty hard right now. And he’s got a squint in his eyes as if he’s looking directly into the sun. You would almost think that shapely pudge had a muscle or two underneath. He doesn’t but you would almost think that. 
BB: I have a question about Tech Wizard’s physique. Is he like so overweight– 
CT: No.
BB: that he looks like he could be a real fucking brawler underneath. Like a big man type thing? 
CT: No, he’s like mildly overweight. Just, uh–
BB: Okay. So, he’s got a lot of baby fat I feel like? 
CT: Yeah, just like a general life of inactivity, and–
BB: So, he’s like completely out of place in this thing? 
CT: Yeah, yeah. There’s no like, he’s a lineman or something like that. No, he’s just, uh–
ES: Just a little chub. 
CT: Yeah, just a little chub. Your friendly little chub. You know. A loveable chub. 
GR: Your friendly little chub. 
ES: Friendly little chub. 
CT: It’s kind of the aesthetic he’s going for. Loveable chub. That’s what sells on his children's tv show. 
GR: But now you have blood streaming down your face and a princess hat–
MM: I’ve got a cool introduction for the gang when everybody–
GR: Just real quick. What’s–
ES: Pox is five feet tall and 90 pounds, so a very slight, teeny, tiny being with just a huge mustache, so you don’t really know what’s under the cloak. Just seems small and probably not very brawny. 
GR: Okay. Take it away. 
DR: Hey there. 
GR: There’s an orc standing by the door. 
DR: Is it too late for these freshman to register for class? 
MM: Looking at the school bus. 
[GR voicing Orc Guard (OG)]: You Marcho’s guy? 
DR: Dr. Zeph Wongburger at your service. Big Marco sent me to send these guys to battle school. 
GR: He looks up and he like…
OG: Seriously?
DR: Okay. 
OG: These are guys are going to get...you guys know you’re going...okay. You want to fight? You want to fight. If this is what Marco’s sending?
DR: Yeah, look. These are the guys–
OG: Didn’t he send the Red Tornado to fight at the LLC Punch’em Up? 
TW: Hey, buddy. Maybe you don’t recognize my face, but you probably heard my name. 
OG: Do you need a wet wipe? 
TW: No, buddy. This is an aesthetic I’m going for. I’m the Fist Wizard. Have you heard of me? 
DR: He’s into pain. That’s why he’s got the blood. He had me punch him earlier. 
TW: I feel alive. Yeah. that’s how I get warmed up in the morning. 
Z: Have you heard of the Fist Wizard? It’s not a sex thing. 
TW: It’s not a sex thing. Stop making it a sex thing. 
Z: Yeah, stop making it a sex thing, you fucking freako. 
P: It’s really nasty, nasty man. 
OG: So, this is Fist Wizard. 
GR: He’s pointing at the Fist Wizard. 
OG: Who else you got here? 
DR: You brought up the Red Tornado. 
DR: The late Red Tornado. Because you see this little mustachioed freak right here? 
P: Yeah.
DR: Red Tornado met its untimely end when this one punched it right in the butt. 
O: I thought it was auto-erotic asyphyxiation. 
DR: That’s what the newspaper said because they didn’t want to talk about the actual cause of “d.” 
Z: Sometimes you have to kill a person and change their memory forever. 
OG: Okay. Believe it when I see it I guess. 
P: Yeah, don’t forget that is me. 
OG: So, what are you called? 
P: Mu-sta-chio. 
DR: Mustachio. 
Z: Musctachio.
OG: Mustachio?
Z: Yeah. Just Mustachio. 
 P: Yeah. Mu-sta-chio.
DR: Get it right, pal. 
Z: It’s three different words. 
P: Mu-stach-io
DR: She’s called Mustachio. And one’s called Mustachio. 
P: If you want to call me Mr. Stachio or Moo...s. 
TW: Why don’t you try it, bud? Why don’t you give it your best shot.
Z: Yeah, try it. Try it, huh? You fucking freak. 
P: Don’t, don’t test me, man. 
DR: These guys are coming in hot because they just won a mini brawl fest to get here. Okay? These are the best of the best. You don’t want to see the mound of corpses it took to get these guys here.
OG: Okay. Next. 
DR: And this guy? Right here? 
OG: Uh-huh. 
Z: I’m the Skull Kid. 
OG: Skull Kid. I see. You have a–
Z: I’m 15. You just let minors in here?
TW: He’s a little boy. 
Z: I’m a little fucking boy. 
TW: He fights like a big man though.
OG: You know? Fuck it. This is super illegal anyway. Okay. Yeah? 15. That’s fine. I think–
Z: I’m 15. Are you okay with that? Are you okay with my Mom seeing my face on the news once I die in the fighting ring?
DR: Skull Mom is even scarier than Skull Kid is. 
Z: I got a whole family full of skull people and all of us take out our left eyes when we’re born. 
DR: It’s freaking messed up. 
Z: No depth perception but all death perception. 
OG: Okay.
DR: That’s cool. 
OG: Just curious. Have you guys seen, let alone lifted a weight? 
DR: These guys, speaking of weight, these guys cannot wait to kick your ass. There something like that. 
OG: Okay. 
DR: Dr. Zeph Wongburger. And trust me. I’ve seen my fair of fighters, my share of fighters, my fair share fighters, and these guys are not fair. They fight dirty. 
OG: Look, I ain’t a fighter. I’m just a coordinator. These are the fighters. 
GR: And he points behind you. 
DR: Who do we see? 
GR: You see seven, just like, ripped, scary, scary guys. 
DR: Not that scary. 
CT: Just like snarling?
OG: Yeah, that’s Kraenor. He’s obviously a troll. 
[Blair voices Kraenor (K)]: Oh, yeah. 
OG: He’s…
K: It feels good to be strong. 
OG: Okay. That right there is Blint Clownoff. He’s a dwarf. 
[MM voices Blint Klaunoff (BK)]: I’m Blint Klaunoff and I’m here to kill someone. 
OG: We’ve got Wasun the elf. Lady elf.
[ES voices Wasun the elf (WE)]: Yeah, I’m Waa Sunn. 
CT: She sounds so British.
OG: We’ve got Alan Thatcher. He’s like this–
[Blair voices Alan Thatcher (AT)]: Hello, my name is Alan Thatcher. 
OG: He’s got an unintimidating voice but very muscular, very scary. 
BB: What does Alan Thatcher look like? 
GR: He looks like one of those, he’s of the Caucasus region of Russia like where those caucasion super gnarly fighters. Big and bulky.
BB: He’s just twirling a dumbbell around on his finger. 
OG: That right there is Carver. You notice his skin is tattooed orange and his face is genetically modified to look like a pumpkin. 
[MM voices Carver (C)]: Reee! I’m Carver.
OG: Yeah, that’s Carver. We’ve got Connie O’ Mazul. 
[Casey voices Connie O’ Mazul (COM]: Hi. I’m just want to say hello to my friends and family and anyone who may be watching the fight at home. I spend a lot of time making my muscles big. 
OG: Hey, Connie, the camera’s not on you now. 
Z: Hey, is anyone recording what he is saying right now? Or does he always talk like that? 
OG: It’s a she, actually. 
DR: Pretty androgynous to Dak...I mean, Dr. Zeph Wongburger. 
OG: Luther Pil. 
DR: This guy’s like extremely lean. Very pale. Very scary looking. 
[ES and MM voice Luther Pil (LO)]: (speaking slowly) I’m going to kill you. 
OG: Luther Pil. 
DR: Has that guy two voices? 
Z: That guy has two fucking voices. 
LO: I was born with two voices. 
K: Can we fucking get on with it? 
OG: Yeah, Kranor. Let’s just get–
K: Oh God. 
C: Reee! In my writer it says I get two popsicles before I fight. 
OG: Okay. Okay, Carver. 
DR: What, is Carver 14 years old? 
Z: Is that guy 14? Cause I’m 15. Carver’ll beat the shit out of him. 
OG: Carver is 18. 
DR: Skull Kid. You get Skull Kid worked up, he’s going break some bones.
P: I once saw Skull Kid knee hit an old lady. 
Z: I beat the shit out of that old lady. 
P: Yeah, he was really mean. 
DR: All my kids got no weapons on them. Meanwhile–
OG: We’re going to pat them down. 
Z: You can do that at your own fucking risk. 
OG: It’s part of the stipulation 
Z: No. You’re cool. 
DR: He’s just got to threaten you because it’s part of his schtick. 
OG: Okay. Cool. 
DR: You know schtick, right? 
OG: I’m the guy who organizes the fight. I’m the guy who pays you when you win or cleans the floor after you fucking die, so you might want to show a little respect. 
Z: Right, but there’s a whole thing, like personality type thing–
DR: Yeah, come on. Give me some room to get in character. 
Z: And you were giving us shit because we’re no names, so we’re trying to, you know, give that to you right at the gate. 
OG: The rest of these guys…
GR: So, he starts searching these guys down and he’s got a like a little X-ray machine searching for modifications. Okay, you guys are clean. You can go through. Keep on going down the line. 
DR: Hey, Alan Thatcher. 
AT: Hello. 
DR: You seem like a real punk and I want to let you know my boy Mustachio is going whip your butt. 
AT: Oh, I–
P: Watch out but I’m going to hit you in the face really hard. 
AT: I say. No one’s ever been so rude to me before a death fight. 
P: Well, I am rude. 
ES: And then Pox pushes down the mustache on her face. 
COM: I could tell people weren’t here to make friends. That’s when I said, “You know what? I’m in it to win it.” That’s what I’m going to do here this week. And tonight, I’m going to take the crown and I just want to say, “Mom, this is for you.” And–
GR: Just talking into the scanning device. 
MM: I feel like this kind of like the cut away on the reality tv show–
CT: That’s it exactly. 
MM: Or the podcast. Where he says–
GR: Oh, hell yeah. Okay. So, that’s happening now. 
GR: Great. And good, okay. So, he scans Mustachio. Scans Fist Wizard. Right?
CT: Yeah. Fist Wizard does a little kiss. 
GR: And then he scans–
MM: Skull Kid. 
GR: Skull Kid.
OG: You got guns in your arms there, pal. 
Z: What’s up? 
OG: You got guns in your arms there, pal. 
Z: I’m sorry. 
OG: You got some guns in your arms there, pal. 
Z: Like what? I can’t hear what you’re saying. 
DR: What did he say? 
OG: You’re going to have to unload the guns in your arms if you want to get in. 
Z: Okay. 
MM: How about he unload them into your freaking face. 
P: That’s what’s I was going to say. 
DR: Mustachio and I are on the same wave length. 
OG: You guys are the weakest, smallest, shirmpiest dudes I’ve ever seen. 
P: That still is me. 
OG: And I’m not trying to be rude. I’m saying that as like as a way to let you know that you can turn around and run now before you die. 
Z: Your really think we’re that afraid of all these fucking sets of pecks. 
OG: Look, I’m just saying. You guys are that shrimpy and weak that I’m 100% certain you are all going to be murdered at this event. 
TW: Hey, buddy. 
OG: And you are giving me more attitude than the toughest guy.
TW: All I’m saying is you’ve never had the fist, so we’re going to let that slide. 
OG: Like, sexually?
TW: No, it’s not sexual. I’m the Fist Wizard. It’s what I do, okay? I’ve got a mean–
DR: Fists. 
TW: I’ve got mean fists and magic fingers. Not real magic fingers. Just punching magic and I’m just saying. Trust me when I say when I say we’re the biggest batch of bad asses you will ever see in your f-ing life. 
OG: Can you get in the truck? 
TW: I’m in the truck. 
OG: And your guns are unloaded? 
DR: I can get in the truck. May I get in the truck? May I get in the truck? 
Z: May we get in the truck? 
OG: Yeah. 
P: Move, please. Get in the truck. 
OG: I mean your guns are unloaded, right? 
Z: What’s that? 
OG Are you guns unloaded? 
Z: I can’t hear what you’re saying. 
OG: Unload your guns. 
Z: Can you hear what this guy is saying? 
P: It sounds like he wants to be hit with my mustache. 
DR: You don’t want to get hit with his mustache. 
P: Nooo. 
DR: Hey. Look, pal. We’re getting on your bus. 
OG: You guys can get on the bus. You have to unload your guns. 
DR: Look, just put your bullets in my hand. 
OG: No, put your bullets in my hand. 
DR: No, put your bullets in my hand. 
OG: Put your bullets in my hand. 
DR: Put your bullets in my hand. 
Z: I want to be fair to both of you, so I’m going to give each of you some of the bullets. 
OG: No. You give them all to me. All of the bullets. 
DR: I get to have bullets. 
OG: You don’t get to have bullets. 
DR: Yes I do. 
OG: No, you don’t 
DR: I get to have weapons. 
OG: What do you need bullets for? 
DR: I need bullets because in case I need to shoot one of these freaks if they get mouthy with me. 
OG: You’re not shooting any of these guys. 
DR: I’m shooting you right now. 
OG: Who the hell is Marco sending? 
DR: Marco’s sending Dr. Zeph Wongburger and–
OG: I thought you were here to talk about business. 
DR: I’m here to talk about business and this is none of your business. Give me the bullets. 
P: No.
GR: Alright. You give him the bullets. 
DR: Thank you. Jesus Christ. 
BB: Z, his cyber pistols all come out of his hands and then he unloads them. 
DR: Skull Kid, when did you get these installed?
Z: When I was born. 
DR: That’s messed up and these guys are messed up–
GR: Okay. 
DR: And you’re going to whoop Kreanor’s butt. 
Z: I still got growth plates. Do you know how bad it is to have cybernetic implants when you still have growth plates? 
OG: That sounds rough. 
Z: Yeah, thanks, man. Thanks for being sympathetic. 
OG: Okay. 
MM: Dr. Zeph Wongburger knucks at this guy real quick. 
GR: Knucks?
MM: Knucks as in the rap–
CT: Jerks? Like the–
MM: as in the rap song “Knuck if you Buck.” I think he does like, it’s just like he does a fake one of–
BB: Like a fake one like one of those that–
MM: Lunging at him, but move back at last second like a snarling dog. It’s not about the size of the dog in the fight. It’s about the size of the dogs in the fight. 
Z: And we have tiny-ass dogs and we’re going rip your fucking other dogs apart. 
TW: Woof, woof. 
Z: Woof.
P: Woo Woo
Z: Woof, fucking woof, dude. 
DR: Alright, guys. Let’s get over the bus. Let’s sit in the back where the bad kids sit.
OG: Okay, you guys. Actually, can you sit next to me? We’re supposed to talk about–
DR: Oh, business. 
OG: Yeah. Are you done threatening me? 
Z: We’ll sit in the back. You can sit up front with the dorks. 
DR: Oh, nice one, Skull Kid. Burn me. I guess I’ll sit with you. I’m done threatening you for now. 
COM: I could tell these guys were trouble, but then again, I wasn’t here to make friends. 
AT: I do wish you would be quiet sometimes. 
DR: Seems like there might be some sort of love thing between Connie and Alan. That is your name? 
AT: Alan Thatcher, yes. 
DR: Alan Thatcher. 
AT: Esteemed author. 
DR: This guys writes books? 
AT: Absolutely. 
P: Yeah, Alan Thatcher, where are you from? 
AT: The UK. where are you from?
P: Wow. I’m from Texas obviously. 
DR: Alright, Mustachio, go sit in the back with uh - 
AT: You seem really strange to me.
DR: Hey, look, buddy. So, here’s how it’s going to go down. What’s the usual running rate for putting three fighters in? 
OG: Oh, well, they were already paid. 
DR: Nice. Then I guess I can just listen to an audio book. 
OG: Well, I wanted to make sure everything was kosher. Marco seemed pretty upset when he wasn’t getting a cut. I just wanted to make it clear that those opportunities could be open to him in the future. 
DR: What’s it going to take for Marco to get a cut?
OG: It’s going to take us to get our feet off the ground a little bit. What he was asking for was above and beyond what we do currently. 
DR: You know Big Marco has got a big appetite? That’s why they call him Big Marco. 
OG: Oh, yeah. You have to put this blindfold on. Actually, everyone's putting these blindfolds on. 
Z: I’ve already got an eyepatch, so I’m probably okay. 
OG: We’re putting them–
CT: Tech Wizard pulls the cloth down over his other eye. 
P: I am already blind, so…
DR: Mustachio’s blind, by the way–
OG: You’re wearing a blindfold. 
Z: Fucking sigh. 
OG: Do I have to get this frigging muscular dwarf to put a blindfold over your face? 
P: Do you think anyone could put a blindfold on me? 
DR: Hey, guys. Put the blindfold on. Trust me. We’re fine. 
P: Fine. 
CR: Reee! I’m just going to close my eyes. 
[GR voices the Francis Limptower (FL)]: You’re putting the blindfold on. You’re putting the blindfold on, too. What’s your name? Dr.–?
DR: Dr. Zeph Wongburger. 
FL: Okay. My name is, by the way, Francis Limptower. You guys don’t have to laugh. Everyone laughs at my name. 
CT: Everybody in the whole bus just laughs. 
DR: Okay, Francis. The Carver’s dying over there. The Carver’s laugh is infectious. Oh, hey. Look. Whatever your name is, Francis? We’re going to have this fight. My boys are going to clean your boys dirty little butts out. We’re going take ‘em to town. So, what’s the venue like? How many people are going to be watching this fight or is this going to be cast? 
OG: It’s been great. We’ve been getting huge, huge views. I’m talking scoring hundreds of thousands.
DR: Streamers? 
OG: Streamers. 
DR: Nice.
P: That is not not intimidating. 
DR: Mustachio, go to the back of the bus. 
P: I’m sorry. 
DR: Alright. Is there going to be food provided? Because normally my boys get a full buffet before they fight. 
OG: You’re supposed to have eaten beforehand. Why would you eat right before you get you get into a fight to the death? 
DR: Because if it’s going to be your last meal, you want to go out with a full belly. 
OG: Yeah, we’re too small of a production to provide that sort of–
DR: Big Marco’s not going like that. Are we there yet? 
OG: No. 
DR: God. I feel like because I can’t see anything, my other senses have been heightened and your breath stinks. 
OG: Thanks. 
DR: Are you breathing right on my nose right now because this guy’s on my lap. Get him off me!
GR: Okay. So, as you guys are blindfolded, the bus drives further and further away and now seems like a nice time for a quick break. 
BB: Absolutely. 
GR: And a message from our sponsor. LegalZoom.com is really good. You can get all kinds of lawyers to give you legal advice. Some are even great, so don’t forget to go to LegalZoom.com. Okay, we need to take a break. 
BB: Is that legit? Are we getting sponsored by LegalZoom? 
GR: No. 
MM: We’re sponsored by ourselves. 
CT: Fuck man.
COM: That’s about the time we realized that the sponsorships will save us. 

[EPISODEBREAK4]

GR: Okay so, the truck is booga-loogin’. Each fighter is sitting next to a different guy. Let’s say we’re got—obviously we have up in the front, Dak Rambo is sitting with Francis…
BB: Limptower?
GR: Limptower. We have…
ES: Mustachio.
GR: Mustachio is sitting with Kraenor. We have the Fist Wizard sitting with Alan Thatcher. Cool. And we got uh, yeah, Skull Kid why don’t you sit with Blintz?
BB: Perfect.
GR: Blint Klaunoff.
BB: Who do you wanna go to first?
GR: Let’s start with—
CT: Real quick question: is Connie sitting with anybody, then? It’s not essential.
GR: Connie’s sort of sitting in the middle, just listening in to everybody
CT: Connie might commentate every once in a while. 
BB: And I’m also sitting—Carver is sitting for sure by himself. 
GR: Yeah.
BB: And what Carver’s doing throughout this whole bus ride is, he’s just going up to the window and scratching huge gouges in the glass of the window. 
GR: Hmm. Terrible.
MM: Oh, god. 
BB: So there’s just sort of a like, a high pitched shrieking going on the background of all these conversations.
GR: Actually, let’s say, uh….let’s say you’re sitting next to Wah Sun. 
MM: Who is?
GR: You, uh, Dak Rambo.
MM: Wait, where’d Francis go?
GR: Uh...
BB: He’s sitting across the aisle. Or driving the car. 
GR: Francis is sitting in the driver’s seat smoking a cigarette.
MM: Who’s driving?
GR: It’s a self driving car.
MM: Ahh.
GR: I mean, you can’t see that cause you got a blindfold.
MM: So I’m sitting next to Wah Sun. 
GR: Yeah.
MM: Pretty elf lady?
WS: Mhmm.
GR: Tough.
BB: Tough.
GR: Tough pretty elf lady.
WS: Yeaaah. That’s me.
Dak Rambo (DR) as Dr. Zev Wongburger: Hey there. So uh, you go to school for being a fighter?
WS: I’m self taught, you know? I taught myself how to fight when my parents were beating me up.
DR: Yikes. Alright.
MM: I’m gonna take this blindfold off.
WS: Don’t look at me!
Francis (F): Hey, don’t take the blindfold off!
DR: I just wanna look out the window!
F: Don’t take the blindfold off!!
MM: Okay, so…
F: Christ’s sake, I’ll shoot you in the goddamn head!
DR: Ohhh, I wish you would.
WS: What about you? You went to school to learn how to fight, or what?
DR: I went to school for about one second before I decided that that wasn’t for me.
WS: Why?
DR: Why? Cause they tied to make me sit down at a desk and kiss the teacher’s ass. And do homework. I said, “Hey, how about I leave? How about I go outside and climb a tree? And while I’m in the tree, smoke some space weed.”
WS: You have space weed on you?
DR: Yeah, I do. I’ve got three little space joints. 
WS: You know how long its been since I had any space weed?
DR: You wanna toke up, sister?
WS: Ohh, I would love some space weed.
DR: I thought most of these fighters would be straight-edge but….you’re actually pretty cool. Yep, I’m gonna light this fattie. Alright, I can’t see where you are, but...
WS: I’m reaching for it. 
DR: I’m putting this burning—
WS: Ouch!
DR: Ah! Sorry about that, Wah Sun.
MM: It’s uh, deep weed. And it is pretty heavy stuff.
GR: Oh, man.
MM: So I’m not gonna take any hits of it. I’m just gonna pretend to be inhaling it.
WS: Ohhh myyy goddddd.
DR: You okay, Wah Sun? It seems like you’re getting a little sleepy. 
WS: Ohhh maaaan.
DR: Hittin’ you hard, huh? Let me get a hit of that.
MM: I toss it out the window.
DR: Mmm, pretty good.
WS: Ohhh myyy goddd.
MM: I peek out from under my bandana. I lift it up just a little bit, just to confirm that— She’s asleep.
GR: Yeah.
DR: Thank god.
GR: Who are you sittin’ with?
ES: Mustachio is sitting with Kraenor.
GR: Kraenor, alright.
Pox (P), as Mustachio: Yeah man, you ever had yourself a charcuterie plate?
Kraenor (K) voiced by Casey: A chartcuterie plate?
P: Yeah.
K: All the fuckin’ time, sister. 
P: Excuse me?! I have a mustache. I am a man! You callin’ me sister?!
K: I call everybody sister. We’re all sisters in Christ.
P: Yeah, good save! Good save, you asshole.
K: It’s not a save unless you’re talkin’ about savior. Do you wanna be saved by the Lord Jesus Christ?
P: Fuck, no!
K: Can I pray on you, sister? Can I put my hands on you?
P: Man, if you’re gonna put your hand on me, I’m gonna put my mustache all over your face!
K: Mmm, that sounds like a bond between, uh…
P: That sounds like it’s not gonna be pleasant because this mustache is really itchy. 
K: You got a lotta anger in you. I can feel it.
P: And what, you got what? You got, what you got?
K: I’ve got a family that I love, that I plan to go back to after tonight.
P: Where are they at, then?
K: They’re at home, where do you think they are? It’s a Tuesday night. My baby’s got school tomorrow. My wife’s….well, she’s got child-rearing to do.
P: You think you’re gonna make it back to them tonight?
K: I made it back every other time. Cause I know the Lord is with me, sister, and uh, I do regret having to send you to him so early.
P: What?
K: I’m gonna do it!
P: Stop callin’ me sister!
K: Listen, we’re all sisters in Christ!
P: Stop callin’ me sister!
K: And I’m gonna wring your fuckin’ neck!
P: I’m gonna put my mustache on your face!
K: I’m gonna split you in two!
P: I’m putting my mustache on your face! Where is your face?
K: Ohhh!
P: Where is your face?
K: Listen to me, you’re goin’ down! I’m takin’ you to the pearly gates myself, and I’m gonna kick you right through the front door! I’m gonna say to St. Peter, “Sorry about the damage, I’ll be comin’ soon to fix it, sister!”
GR: He’s makin’ those really scary noises, and she’s just rubbing her face up against it and it’s like, making the mustache come undone, so you still have to like, keep on sticking your hand up between your face just to keep pushing the mustache on so you can rub it more in his face.
P: Just stop looking at me, man! Ugh!
GR: Great, let’s go to the Tech Wizard. I mean, the Fist Wizard.
Alan Thatcher (AT) voiced by Blair: Your name is the Fist Wizard?
Tech Wizard (TW), as Fist Wizard: Born and raised, baby.
AT: Huh.
TW: Your name is uh, Alan Thatcher?
AT: Right, yes.
TW: Is that a pseudonym?
AT: No. It’s my—I was born with it. It’s my name.
TW: It’s uh…
AT: How long you been fighting for? F-Fist Wizard? Is that a sex thing?
TW: It’s not a sex thing. It’s not a sex thing! It’s a fist thing, cause I hit things. I don’t know if, uh...
AT: Well, we all hit things, don’t we?
TW: Um, yeah, some of us do it better. Some of us are uh, it’s almost like magic, how good we hit things.
AT: Interesting. Are you a magic user?
TW: No.
AT: Are you sure?
TW: Yeah, born and raised a fist man. 
AT: But you are wearing….this is a wizard’s robe, right?
TW: It’s a robe.
AT: Right, but the little yellow stars on it.
TW: I don’t—It’s more of an off-white, first of all. Second, I like the starry sky, cause it’s the only thing I can’t hit. Can’t reach it. I’ve tried. Tried to knock the sun out of the sky. Have you tried that?
AT: No, that doesn’t seem like something I would do. 
TW: Well, uh, maybe give it a try sometime. I think you’ll find you can’t. 
AT: Okay.
TW: Which is why I wear these robes, so that I always have something to aspire to. Does that make sense, Alan?
AT: Oh, I know everything about aspiration. I’ve actually written a book.
TW: You’ve written a book?
AT: It’s called “Clouded Aspirations.”
TW: Oh yeah, what’s that about?
AT: I’ve always wanted to be a writer, but I’ve always found myself in many situations where I’m having to strangle men to death for money.
TW: Is it hard to write with all those muscles?
AT: No.
TW: It’s not like….They don’t get in your way?
AT: Not really.
TW: I feel like they would get in your way. I myself, I prefer to keep a more reasonable physique. 
AT: Right.
TW: Y’know, just keep it, uh—
AT: Listen, Fist Wizard, I do respect you, to be honest.
TW: Thank you.
AT: You seem like a very nice guy.
TW: I respect you for saying that.
AT: I think in another life we might have been….we might have been friends.
TW: Yeah. Now that you say that, it makes me want to be your friend in this life.
AT: But if we go against each other, I will rip your whole body limb from limb.
TW: Y’know I’m gonna say right now, Alan Thatcher, if we go against each other I’m not gonna do anything. I’m gonna lay down my hands because I think I made a friend today. And I hope you do the same, but if you don’t, then I will let you tear me limb to limb.
AT: Look, I’m so sorry, I just—there’s no way. I’m gonna have to kill you. That’s how this works.
TW: Y’know what, hen you can kill me.
AT: They shoot whoever don’t, like, if you don’t fight, they’ll kill both of you, y’know?
TW: They can try if they and get past my fist. I’m carrying you out, alright buddy? Listen, It’s you and me to the end.
AT: Oh.
TW: I think you’ll find I’m a very loyal friend. I don’t—
AT: I really hope we don’t go up against each other.
TW: Neither do I.
AT: There’s just a lot of complicated things happening right now.
TW: It’s gonna be you and me at the end of this. 
AT: Okay. I’m sorry.
TW: I feel like maybe I came on a little too strong there.
GR: We’re gonna cut over to Blintz and the Skull Kid. 
BB: Uh, I dunno where Z found it, but he’s now chewing gum and blowing big-ass bubbles.
Blint Klaunoff (BK) voiced by Mike: What’s that sound? Are you blowing bubbles?
Zenith (Z), as Skull Kid: You ever have gum before, freak?
BK: Yeah I’ve had gum before. I’ve had so much gum. I’ve had all the gum.
Z: Oh, yeah?
BK: Gimme some of that gum. 
Z: No, I’m not gonna do that.
BK: No, you will give me some gum.
Z: Dude, shut the fuck up.
BK: I know you didn’t just tell Blintz to shut the F up. 
Z: I’m 15 man, how old are you?
BK: I’m….I’m 31.
Z: Gross, you’re—
BK: ...seconds bored of this conversation. I’m gonna slit your throat. I’m gonna give you another mouth.
Z: You’re gonna slit my throat with what?
BK: With my sharp nails. You can’t see right now because you got a blindfold on, but I’m holding out my nails, which have all been sharpened.
BB: Z grabs the blindfold and just like, peeks out.
BK: Yeah, I’m peeking out my blindfold, too.
Francis: Blindfolds down! Blindfolds down! I’m watchin’.
BK: So you’re 15?
Z: Yeah, I’m 15. What of it? Huh?
BK: Have you ever kissed a girl?
Z: I have. I’ve kissed so many fuckin’ girls, you have no idea. What’s your name? Blintz?
BK: My name is Blintz.
Z: Are you like that fuckin’ breakfast pastry that they serve at that diner?
BK: Hohoho, you mean a pancake?
Z: No, I mean a blintz. 
BK: I really hope they put us in the same, uh, round one. 
Z: I bet you’d like that. I bet you’d like to kill a kid, huh? You little motherfucker.
BK: Oh, I am a motherfucker.
Z: Did you have sex with your mom?
BK: I had sex with YOUR mom.
Z: Oh, uh, no I’m not. You are.
BK: Yes—no—I am—no YOU are! No YOU are!
Z: Got you, motherfucker. And that’s the kind of mind games that are gonna be all over you in the death pit.
BK: The only games I play are death games.
Z: Oh yeah? What kind of death games? Like little baby death games?
BK: Not little baby—Big grown up death games! GROWN UP death games!
Z: You little fuckin’ baby. I’m 15 and I know you’re a little tiny baby.
BK: I’m a dwarf, and I know I got, I’m higher stature than you are. You little 15 year old. 
Z: Oh yeah, you little shorty dwarfy, such a higher stature than me?
BK: That’s racist.
Z: Oh, yeah?
BK: That’s racist.
Z: You’re right. My bad, dude.
BK: It’s okay. Sometimes you get worked up, because I just get so….I get, I get—
Z: Cause you’re a little fuckin’ baby?
BK: Shut the fuck up, I was about to have a—I was gonna reach across the aisle and shake your hand, but I guess I’m just gonna have to stab your eyeballs out. Your remaining eyeball out, freakin’ sharp nails.
Z: Yeah, you can fuckin’ try. My dad already poked my eyes a million times, every single day of my entire life.
BK: I bet he poked he poked your eyes out with his tiny little shrimpy dong.
Z: Oh, did you just talk about my dad’s fucking dick? 
BK: I talked about your dad’s dick
Z: I bet you would love my dad’s dick. His tiny little fucking dick.
BK: I bet I would.
Z: I bet you like little tiny dicks cause you have a little tiny dick.
BK: I like big dicks and I’m—
Z: You like big dicks? Ha!
BK: Yeah, I’m gay. 
Z: Oh, you’re gay?
BK: Yeah.
Z: Alright.
GR: Okay, yeah.
Francis: Alright, alright, alright! Blindfolds up! Take your blindfolds up.
GR: You guys take your blindfolds off and look out the window and it’s a very strange light shining down at you. You’re lookin’ around and you’re seeing, just like, you must’ve gone through the cornfields cause you’re definitely in a corn field type….thing, but the corn that’s surrounding you is like, still massive stalks but like, brown and dead, but still huge but translucent. It’s like sap from a tree, almost. These are dead weird stalks and the light is just shining through the two creating this orange-brown glow like a dying twilight. And you pull up at the end of a dirt road and you see there’s just like, one shack in this clearing, surrounded by these massive translucent dead corn stalks.
F: Alright, everyone! We’re gonna get off of the bus, we’re gonna go to the bathroom, and then we’re gonna get filmin’, so do what you need to do to get ready.
DR: You got a, um….Do you mind if we keep these blindfolds?
F: Yeah, you can keep the blindfolds.
DR: Anyone not want their blindfold?
BB: Is this Francis doing all the announcing? And we’re all like, passing by him?
GR: Yeah, yeah.
BB: As Zenith goes by he spits his gum in his hand and he like, reaches out his hand to shake Francis’ hand.
GR: Yeah, he shakes—
Z: Thanks, man.
F: Oh, ugh! I really hope someone kills you.
Z: Oh, I bet you do. I bet you’d love it if a 15 year old died in your little death fight.
F: Yeah, I would love that.
Z: You’re fucked up, man. You gotta wife and kids?
F: Yeah, I am fucked up. No, I’m super lonely.
DR: Hey, Francis! It seems like Wah Sun smoked some uh, smoked some space weed on the bus. I dunno if your gal’s so great right now.
Z: Yeah, she looks like she’s probably astrally projecting or some shit.
F: Well, she can still stand in the ring. I mean, I guess there’s room in the bloopers footage.
WS: I feel funny.
DR: So where are the cameras around here? I wanna know how how my fighters are doing.
F: Lemme give you a tour.
GR: So he walks with you around—so it’s like this one shack and it just sorta like, hobbled together with like, it looks like they’ve welded together these weird dead corn stalks against like, tin metal siding. On the top of the building there’s like, a big ole satellite pointing up. He’s like,
F: And that puppy right there? That’s gonna kill all wireless around here. All wireless, total garbage. Like someone can’t just come in, find a signal, hack through it. We do everything analog here.
DR: Classic dead zone, yeah.
F: Classic dead zone. You know what I’m talkin’ about.
BB: So is Z’s ocular drone dead at this point?
GR: Uh, is it—yeah, yeah. Inside of his eye still works cause that’s like, hooked in,
BB: Right, right. It’s like an analog. It can like, work like a camera when directly plugged in?
GR: Yeah, right. I guess, yeah, your guy would not work with this. 
BB: But I’m assuming as soon as it would, if I were to have it leave—or, probably its motor functions don’t even work at all. It’s just like a cyber eye right now. 
GR: Yeah, cause it would be totally wirelessly operated. 
BB: Okay, cool.
GR: Yeah. So he’s like,
F: We got outhouses in the back. Yo, hey guys! You got outhouses!
GR: He points to the rest of the fighters,
F: You wanna use the bathroom, you use the bathroom. Don’t tussle up before, that’s all we ask. I’m giving this guided tour.
GR: There’s like, a couple of guards come out of the building. Some dudes in sort of like, standard armor. There are an assortment of humans and orcs. Two humans, two orcs. They’ve got hand guns on ‘em, and they’re sort of like, walkin’ around lookin’ at you guys. And he’s like,
F: Yeah, so we’ve got some security in case things get hairy. Y’know, we gotta keep the brass, you and me, taken care of. Am I right, man?
DR: He’s right.
GR: Okay, so then he walks you through the door, and he’s like,
F: That’s our IT guy.
BB: Who did you say that to?
DR: I said it to the sleepy dwarf—no, to Sun Wah who’s been following me around.
GR: Yeah, right—Sun Wah is just following you around. And he opens the tin door and he pushes it open and there’s—and everything along the inside looks so much nicer than on the outside.
DR: Ohh!
GR: He’s like,
F: This guy right here, this is Crimbo. he’s our IT guy.
MM: I shake Crimbo’s hand.
GR: Crimbo is just like, a scrawny elf guy. He’s just like,
Crimbo (Cr): Pleased to meet you.
DR: Hey, Crimbo. How it’s going? I’m Dr. Zev Wongburger.
F: Alright, see in the back there? That’s where we keep excess weapons if we find anyone with a weapon. So like, we keep ‘em all in that room right there. I got the key.
GR: Okay, so you walk into this room. There’s a room immediately to your left. You guys walk in. There’s two huge benches and what looks to be a one-way mirror that is looking into a dimly lit room with a big circle in the middle and like, those vents in the ground, like when people need to spray down. 
MM: Yeah, for blood.
GR: For blood. Yeah, there’s four cameras and two camera guys setting up.
MM: Wait, only four cameras?
GR: Four—four cameras, stationary. And we have two camera men who will be moving around live with the fight, making the viewer feel like they are part of the experience.
F: This is some top of the line S, man. Real brutal stuff. We’re visionaries here. Artists. The guys—the people who thoughts this up, real geniuses. They’re real geniuses. It gets pretty grizzly but we got those guys on the ground, we got premium audio so you hear every bone crack, cry, and y’know….poop.
DR: You hear the poo?
F: Yeah, you hear poo hit the floor.
DR: How often is there poo hittin’ the floor?
F: I mean, every time someone dies, so a lot.
DR: Y’know, I thought that’s actually kind of a myth.
F: It happens more times than you’d think.
DR: I’ve been comin’ to a lot of these things. I rarely see poo hit the floor. 
F: Well, I’ve been comin’ to a lot of these things too and I’ve seen a lot of poo hit the floor. And I’ve heard it with the microphones that we have here.
DR: Pretty nice microphones set. This seems like—what are they, snowball mic? Blue snowball mic.
F: Yeah, that’s just to get the reactions. This is the waiting room, by the way. This is where everyone sits and they watch the fights and then they go up and they fight, so when everyone’s in here we can get their live reactions.
DR: Nice.
F: There’s actually sort of a confessional right there. It’s sort of a reality show thing. You can sit down on the bench there and talk to the camera. You wanna do that?
DR: Do I wanna do that? Sure, yeah, I’ll do that.
F: Okay. You can just sit down right there, and um, I’m just gonna leave the room and check up on the fighters.
DR: Okay, cool. And which way to the bathroom?
F: Bathroom’s outside, It’s the outhouses in the back.
DR: Is there like, a private bathroom for the brass? 
F: No.
DR: Okay. Well, it looks pretty nice. I thought it was just gonna be like, a shithole. The outside looked like a shack.
F: Yeah.
DR: I’m doing my—can you leave while I’m doing my confessional?
F: Oh, yeah. 
GR: He leaves.
DR: That Francis guy seems like he’s kind of a tool.
Connie O’Mazul (CM) voiced by Casey: Yeah he does, doesn’t he?
DR: Excuse me, Connie?
CM: So sorry, I’ve been in here for a while.
DR: Connie, you’ve just been lingering? 
CM: Oh, yeah.
DR: I just wanted to do a confessional real quick. Me, Dr. Zev Wongburger. 
Carver (C) voiced by Blair: Heeey, why are you guys talking in the poop room?
DR: This is not the poop room! Oh, the jack o'lantern man.
CM: This guy just pooped. 
C: Whoopsies!
WS: What’s going on?
DR: Sun Wah, god dammit. Hey Francis! Can you get these fighters out of the confessional room? Francis? The damn—is this door locked?
GR: Yeah.
DR: This door’s frickin’ locked. I’m locked in here with these dumbasses. 
WS: It’s okay.
DR: I’m gonna do my confessional. You guys shut the hell up. 
CM: Okay, okay.
C: Watch out for the poo!
DR: He pooed on the chair! He pooed on the confessional chair! 
C: Hey, you gotta poo before you die!
DR: Alright, look, I’m here with a bunch of idiots and—
CM: That was the moment I realized I didn’t like this guy very much at all.
DR: Connie, look—
CM: He wasn’t friendly, but then again—
DR: This is MY confessional!
CM: I wasn’t here to make friends.
DR: This is my confessional and I’m here on a shadowrunning mission. I’m gonna actually—I’m gonna kill everyone here. Um…
CM: That was about the moment I thought, I don’t trust this guy. 
DR: Yeah, you shouldn’t trust me. I’m gonna kill you. I’m gonna kill you, and hey, pumpkin head?
C: Heeey!
DR: I’m gonna kill you.
C: Ohhh?
DR: And Sun Wah? You’re probably gonna get killed because you’re under the influence of some narcotics. Oh, now I’m yawning. That is contagious.
GR: We’re gonna cut to the fighters outside.
P: I told you to stop touching me! Don’t—I’m gonna touch your face with the ‘stache again.
K: Listen to me, we’re gonna get you saved before you die tonight. Do you understand me?
P: You just stop talkin’ about Jesus and the savior and everything!
K: I’ll stop talkin’ about Jesus when Jesus stops lovin’ you. Which is never gonna happen.
P: Oh my god. I’m gonna kill you.
F: Alright, everyone use the bathrooms?
BK: I didn’t go to the bathroom yet.
Z: I’m still, yeah, waiting in line. Why is there such a huge line?
Z: There’s like a fuckin’....how many of us are there?
CT: Fist Wizard comes out after like 45 minutes in the bathroom.
TW: Whoo! Okay, who’s next?
BK: I’m next.
TW: Sorry about that, guys. I do wanna say, uh, I was not able to get it to flush, but there is—
F: It’s an outhouse.
TW: Well that’s….That makes a lot of sense. There is a—
F: You have been sitting in there, trying to make it flush?
TW: Yeah, oh yeah.
F: You didn’t notice that your turds…
TW: I thought it was clogged but I did find a treasure in there as I was trying to unclog it. Is this.... 
BK: Is it what?
TW: Is this somebody’s, uh, diamond encrusted engagement ring?
BK: It’s mine!
TW: Mmm….is it?
BK: Nah, it’s not mine. 
TW: I didn’t think so.
BK: I thought I could get a free diamond ring. It’s me, Blintz. I’m gonna go now.
MM: And I bump his chest.
Z: Oh yeah, you can let Blintz go first cause he’s got a tiny dick and it won’t take long.
TW: Hey Blintz, it was cubic zirconium anyway, you asshole.
BK: Oh, speaking of assholes—
GR: Is your hand like, coated in turds right now?
CT: He’s flickin’ it off. 
GR: Okay. 
CT: No, he’s got the —it’s the bandaid hand.
BK: I’m gonna kill you guys later. I just needed to get the last word in before I slam the door.
BB: Yep, the camera is currently inside the outhouse and not on any of the protagonists.
BK: Wipe, wipe….Blintz has got the wipe front to back, back to front, side to side! Gonna kill some people todaaaay. 
BB: Skull Kid knocks on the door and goes,
Z: Loser says what?
BK: What?
Z: Fuckin’ loserrrr!
BK: You’re the loser!
Z: No, you’re the loser.
BK: I’m almost done wiping, and then I’m gonna wipe the floor with your dead carcass.
Z: Just get outta there, man. There’s a bunch of people that need to pee.
BK: Look, I just pooped in about one minute. That chubby wizard guy was in there for 45 minutes and no one said anything to him.
Z: That’s his pre-fight preparation. He’s gotta shit for 45 minutes uninterrupted.
BK: Okay well, I’m done. It’s all yours, Skull Kid.
Z: Thanks. Hey, can we have a real second for a moment?
BK: Yeah, what’s up?
Z: I’m sorry I was such an asshole on the bus… Psyyyych! 
BB: Door slam.
BK: Stop laughing! Stop laughing! I’m gonna—gaaaah!!
MM: And he punches the air.
GR: Okay, Francis comes out.
F: Is everyone done doing their business? We’re all good?
BK: I think that dumb little 15 year old’s still in there.
Z: No, I’m done. I dunno what Blintz is talkin’ about. What an idiot, am I right, Francis?
F: Okay, um, yeah.
Z: No, but for real, Blintz is a fuckin’ idiot.
BK: No, Francis, you know me. I’ve done these fights before. This little punk just comes in. You don’t agree with him.
F: I don’t agree with him, but it doesn’t—
BK: I’m gonna cut you!
F: Hey! No fighting beforehand! Save it for the inside. I have a list of who the first people fighting are gonna be. We’re gonna start off and have Kraenor go up against Carver.
BK: Has anyone seen Carver? I think I saw Carver walk into the confessional booth earlier.
GR: So let’s go, everyone walks into the viewing room.
DR: Somebody! If anyone’s on the outside of this confessional booth, I’m here with a bunch of idiots! I’ve got a pumpkin man—
C: Pumpkin person.
DR: Whatever. You seemed masculine. Uh....
C: You’re making some assumptions there that I don’t like.
DR: Uh, I got—Connie, I got sleepy elf…
GR: Alright, Francis unlocks the door.
F: Oh, man. I’m sorry about that. Whoof! It’s rank in here.
DR: Yeah, cause the pumpkin guy dropped a pumpkin pie on the frickin’ chair!
C: Pumpkin guy! Pumpkin pie!
DR: He pooped! I think he thought this was the bathroom.
C: Time for a confessional!
BB: And Carver runs outside.
DR: Carver….wait. Carver thought….well, that makes sense. Uh, hey look, here’s these dumbasses, okay? Let’s get the fights started.
F: Okay. We’re gonna get Carver and Kraenor in there. 
GR: He goes outside and gets Carver.
C: I wanna thank all of my friends—
F: Carver—
C: And all of my—
F: Carver? Are you gonna fight?
C: Oh, okay. Goodbye, family!
F: Okay. Alright, Kraenor?
P: Rest in Peace, man!
F: Kraenor?
K: Anything that happens tonight was willed to be, and I’m willin’ to be the champion. Fuck. Uh, that’s all. That’s all.
F: Feelin’ okay? A little sick?
K: Uh, no, I’m fine.
F: Okay.
K: Born fine, live fine.
F: You’re like one of those Christians who doesn’t take medicine?
K: Never have, never will.
C: Are we fighting?
F: Yeah, sorry. Interview over. You can just get into the—here, let me—
GR: So he walks, takes you guys around. You guys are all just sitting in like, the viewing area, and you see the two of these guys walk into this fighting room. Two camera guys are really gettin’ into it. You guys are just watchin’ and then Francis is like,
F: Alright, let’s let the games begin!
MM: So is Francis the announcer?
GR: Yeah.
MM: So, just a quick question, the room that Crimbus was in, did that have security guards in there? Or was Crimbus by himself in the office?
GR: Oh, the IT guy?
MM: Yeah.
GR: Yeah, he was. He was… Oh yeah, guards. So right now in this viewing room there’s two guards standing right in front of the see-through, uh, the mirror. The one-way mirror. You saw, you guys walking around the building saw about four guards total. So there’s two of these guards in this room. You don’t know where the other two guards are right now.
CT: Willin’ to beat your ass. That’s what I should’ve said. Dumb.
BB: Oh, yeah. I was expecting that.
MM: And I’m in the room with Francis the announcer.
GR: Yeah, which is actually the same room with everyone else right now. Francis is sort of, he’s like,
F: I do the announcements.
BB: Yeah, does he have one of those fuckin’ mics that comes down from the ceiling?
GR: He’s got a little stool and he’s pretty bored and the thing just comes like—
F: And we’ve got in one corner, we’ve got Kraenor! Kraenor the fearsome troll versus Carver the elf! 
GR: Francis right now—so it’s like, you guys are all just sitting there. There’s like—let’s say there’s like a little booth close to the one-way mirror. He’s sitting in the booth doing the announcements, looking into the mirror, same as the rest of you guys.
MM: I, Dak Rambo, aka Dr. Zevian Wongburger, I’m going to try to stand near the back while this fight is beginning. And I’m gonna try to stealthily exit into the room with the IT guy.
GR: Okay. You try the door and it’s locked.
BB: Uh, I guess like, would that be….like, would it help at all until the fight actually starts?
MM: That’s what I’m—I’m planning on doing this when the fight is at its nastiest.
GR: The fight is now starting and they are fighting each other. And he’s like, running forward, scratching Kraenor.
BB: Uh yeah, would there be any advantage, I guess, to that?
DR: Okay, I just remembered that Mustachio has told me earlier when we were in the toilet that he can really pick locks.
Z: I think we’re all like, aware of each other’s shit ahead of time.
DR: Mustachio?
P: Yeah?
DR: Mustachio, need Pox to unlocks this door stealthily.
P: No problem, man. I mean, no problem, man.
GR: You sneak over to the door. The door unlocks.
P: I’m innn! I’m in, man!
GR: Right at this moment, you look up and Kraenor has kneed the pumpkin man in the stomach and is stomping on his head. And his head explodes.
K: Go to Christ! Go to Christ!
F: Aaaand that’s the match right there you have it! Kraenor number one! The pumpkin man, smashed up good! Ohhh, g-g-gourd day to you! Ah fuck, we’ll get it in post. We’ll get it in post. Okay, okay, alright guys. Let’s take Kraenor out. Next up we’ve got Fist Wizard and uh, Alan….Alan Thicke? Alan...
BB: Thatcher.
F: Thatcher, okay.
MM: Alan Thicke is the person that he’s actually based off of. 
BB: Absolutely.
TW: Uh, guys, how is the—what’s the update on the get out situation?
DR: Hey, buddy, I’m gonna go whoop on that IT guy until he shuts down the network. And then I’m gonna come in, guns blazin’.
P: Just distract him with your….Just like, distract him with your bandanas or something. Like, wave them around right in his face.
DR: Use magic. I don’t know.
TW: Alright, shit’s about to get messy in here, that’s all I’m saying.
P: You’re gonna be fine.
DR: You’re gonna be fine.
P: You’re gonna be so fine.
GR: They’re closing down the room and—
CT: There’s a crows around us, right? Of people watching and cheering?
GR: It’s what the viewing room is. In the room itself it’s just two camera men and you two guys. 
CT: Oh, fuck.
GR: There’s a bunch of people streaming right now. Francis is like,
F: Okay. Time to take that classic walk. The fighter’s walk.
GR: He points to the Fist Wizard.
F: I bet that’s something you’re really used to cause this isn’t like, your first fight or anything like that.
MM: As he’s antagonizing him, I’m gonna just stealthily try to leave the room.
GR: Okay, yeah.
MM: Alright, so I leave this room and I try to go back to the room where the IT guy was presumably typing.
GR: Yeah, you open the door and the IT guy right there. He’s typing.
DR: Hey uh, Crimbo, was it?
Cr: What are you doing out here?
DR: Francis told me that the bathroom was uh—
MM: And I pull my gun out and put it on his head.
DR: He told me that the bathroom was one bullet into your brain away and I need to take a dump. Don’t say anything. Follow me.
MM: I like, lead him into like, uh, is there a closer nearby?
GR: No. There’s just like, one long hallway that leads around the corner into the fighting room. There’s a door—
MM: Was he typing at a desk?
GR: Yeah.
DR: Get under the desk.
GR: He gets under the desk.
MM: I get under the desk with him. 
GR: Okay, right at this moment, the Fist Wizard and uh…
BB: Alan Thatcher?
GR: Alan Thatcher are walking down the hallway together with like, one guard behind them.
TW: I’m not gonna kill you.
AT: I know.
TW: That’s a promise.
AT: Right. I definitely am well aware that you’re not going to be killing me. 
TW: But I’m also not gonna die.
AT: Hmm.
TW: Those are two facts about the coming next few minutes.
AT: Are you sure you’re not a wizard?
TW: I’m just a fist guy.
AT: If you were really a friend you would tell me the truth.
TW: I’m just a fist guy.
CT: And a single tear rolls down his face.
TW: Born a fist guy. I’ll die a fist guy.
GR & MM: Good day! 
GR: Welcome to the middle of the episode.
MM: Hey, you're listening to the Neoscum podcast. A Shadowrun actual play podcast. Congratulations.
GR: F yeah, baby. It’s booked up, it’s lit, it’s great. Hey, just wanted to swing in and say you guys have been cool as heck making me feel very good, very stoked, very happy with your cool reviews on our darn itunes page, and Twitter interactions!
MM: If you like the show, please google every name of the people who are on this podcast. Google Casey Toney. Google Eleni Sauvageau. Google Blair Britt.
GR: Google Mike Migdall.
MM: It’s Mog Mong time!
GR: Mog Mong! I’m Mog Mong!
MM: I’m Gonnon Reeedy! I just want to say, follow @Neoscum.
MM: We’ve got a hell of an episode that we’re listening to. The next half gets even better.
GR: You ain’t seen nothin’ yet, baby. It’s a dream top to bottom.
MM: Gannon?
GR: Mhmm?
MM: Thanks for being’ the GM.
GR: Of course, baby. Thanks for, y’know, wanting to play Shadowrun back at that office job we both had and hated. You were like, “Hey I heard about this game Shadownrun. It’s really cool but the book is reeeally expensive.” And then I was like, “Yeah, I’ll guy the book,” and….that’s history.
MM: That’s not how that conversation went at all.
GR: You looked at me with big doe eyes and were like “Will you please buy me a book?”
MM: Wrong. 
GR: “I want you to buy me a book!”
MM: I looked at you with squinty Clint Eastwood eyes before I put the gun up to your head and said, “Listen up, we’re goin’ shoppin’.”
BB: Hey, fellas? I think we’re ready to get back to the episode.
GR: Okay, guys. Just wanna—
CT: We’re here too!
GR: By the way, everyone’s here.
CT: We’re all the hosts.
ES: My name is….Sauvageau.
MM: I know, said it wrong, and then I said everyone’s— 
ES: You said all the names—
MM: All the names wrong. That was a mealy mouth Migdall move. 
ES: Mealy Mouth Migdall! He returns!
GR: He returns. Uh, boring stuff. Dude, you guys just like, subscribe and do a friggin’ comment on the itunes page, man. That does so much good for us, so like, if you could do that. Just wanna say thank you to some people who did do that! Thank you Gatalican, Thank you CP4320, the best number! Thank you Screaming Yak! Thank you Anguarin! Anguarin, it’s good.
MM: Thank you to the Relative Dimension podcast, our fellow ally in podcasts.
GR: Our comrade in brothers. You and I are brothers, Relative Dimension. Mr. Grimace. “Hey, it’s me Mr. Grimace, five stars to Neoscum!” Michael Portis in the house.
CT: If that’s who I think it is, that’s Michael Portias.
MM: You know who that is, Casey?
CT: I think I know a Michael Portias. I didn’t think he’d listen to our podcast.
MM: But isn’t it nice though that your friend Michael Portias listened to it and left us a review?
ES: Oh, good.
GR: You guys are good. You’re our children and brothers and sisters and fathers and….step-uncles.
MM: And doctors, and lawyers, and judges of the realm.
GR: But thanks. Yeah, y’know, and if you wanna like, we’re always watching the friggin’ Twitter thing so just swing on by and say what’s up. And I’ll draw you a picture.
MM: Seriously, Gannon draws dope pictures.
GR: I’m literally an iconoclast. I’m a genius. So take advantage of it while you can.
MM: One other thing you can do is please tell your friends to listen to our podcast, because we just want to be successful.
GR: Look, bottom line, we’re trying to make a buck. This is all about money. There’s no love in this. There’s, there’s nothing. We don’t, outside of this, don’t even talk to each other. It’s all about the friggin’ Benjamins, so if you can make that happen for us...
MM: I’m trying to get enough money so I can do my office job for free. Cause I love it. That’s my true passion, working in an office, providing good customer service for free.
GR: Oh, god. Customer service is where I get my bones blown.
MM: We’re gonna keep that in. And here’s the episode!
GR: And we’re gettin’ the wrap-up from our producer, Macy Money.
MM: Macy Money, thank you for the good review. Four stars.
ES: Four stars!
GR: Okay, let’s get back to this ep.
MM: We’re goin’ back.
GR: Okay, one, two, three—
MM: We already went back.
GR: We’re back. Okay, we’re done recording.
MM: And now, we’re done. 
GR: And that’s it. Alright. They open the door and they get you into the ring. They’re just spraying down the last of the blood and are drying up the area and clearing off the shattered skull and body of Carver.
CT: Alright, what do these camera guys look like?
GR: Just like…
CT: Camera guys?
CT: Camera guys. Okay, cool. Alright, so do we square up.
GR: You square up, and roll for initiative.
MM: Um, Gannon, I just wanna say that I might be trying to be do something with this Crimbus guy. That might affect the condition of their fight. I’m not sure what he can do, but—
GR: Okay, so let’s cut over to Crimbus, what we’re gonna do with Crimbus.
MM: Okay, so I have my gun up to his head underneath this table and I just wanna let him know that if he does not comply with me, I’m going to kill him.
GR: Okay, well let’s just act that out.
DR: Hey, buddy, have you ever heard of Big Marco?
Cr: Yeah, I know Big Marco. 
DR: You know that Big Marco wants this facility for himself?
Cr: I didn’t know that.
DR: You didn’t know that?
Cr: No, I didn’t know that. I didn’t know that.
DR: He wants it for himself and here’s how it’s gonna go down. We’re gonna come in here and we’re gonna kill everyone here who doesn’t want Big Marco to run this place. Now, the way I look at it, you can have a real nice position under Big Marco, or you can be a dead guy. Which one do you wanna be?
Cr: I don’t wanna die.
DR: You seem like a real smart guy.
Cr: Okay.
DR: So, I’m gonna need you to do two things for me. I’m gonna need you to turn off the lights in the arena.
Cr: Okay.
DR: And I’m gonna need you to shut down that device that’s turning this place into a wifi dead zone. And if you do that for me, I’ll put in a real good word for big Marco, and he may not wear your dead skin like some sort of fricked up coat. Do you understand me?
Cr: Okay.
DR: Cause these bullets are hollow tip. And shot from one inch away. it ain’t pretty.
Cr: Okay, I uh, okay. I don’t wanna—I don’t wanna die. Okay.
DR: I need you to turn down the wifi dead zone thing. I don’t know what it is, I’m not a tech wizard. 
GR: Cut to Tech Wizard. Let’s roll initiative.
CT: Okay, um, 11.
GR: Okay, you’re first up.
CT: He square up.
TW: Alan, I wanna say one thing to you. I’m gonna say two things actually, now that I think about it. Number 1, I do consider you a friend. Number 2. friends shouldn’t lie. There’s a third thing: I did lie. 
CT: He casts physical barrier to create a Alan Thatcher sized dome around Alan Thatcher.
GR: Whoa.
MM: That’s a tight fit. 
GR: Whoa.
MM: Maybe I’m not gonna need this guy to turn the lights off.
GR: Okay. He tries to move and he just runs into this barrier.
BB: I imagine he tries to like, punch.
GR: Yeah, yeah, yeah, he punches but he smashes it into nothing, like “Ahhh!” Like he’s really startled. Oh, crap, how strong is this barrier?
CT: It’s a wall.
GR: It’s as strong as like, a wall?
BB: It’s like the wall that we put out to keep people out last time. 
GR: Yeah, which I can’t remember, cause it’s possible to break it, but like…
CT: I mean...
GR: You get to shoot at it. Whoa!
BB: It’s like a dome around him.
GR: Alright, he’s gonna punch the wall then, to see what happens.
TW: Alan, I’m gonna get you outta here, buddy. I’m gonna get you outta here, but you need to take a chill break. You need to cool it.
AT: Can’t breathe in here. There’s no air.
TW: Okay, that’s—first of all, that’s not true. Air passes through the barrier. Don’t tell me how my magic works, buddy. Second, you are my buddy.
AT: You motherfucker. You told me you didn’t have magic!
TW: And I said I’m sorry I lied but I’m gonna keep you alive when shit gets bad.
GR: The lights go out.
BB: If I ever get out of here...
CT: As the lights go out, you see Tech Wizard cast flamethrower at the two camera men.
GR: Whoa! You can do it in one.
CT: What?
GR: You can do that in one. 
CT: Okay, I do it in one. 
GR: They’re on opposite sides of the room right now.
BB: This is effed up.
MM: And then all of the air and the oxygen just immediately gets burnt up and he truly cannot breathe.
BB: No one can breathe because there’s no air left at all.
MM: Everyone dies.
CT: Lemme uh, calculate drain actually real quick. Whoof. Alright....
GR: Ohhh. How much drain’s he takin’? That was a bad roll.
MM: He took some senzu beans right? Before this fight started?
CT: Of course.
BB: Senzu beans?
MM: Senzu beans.
GR: Is that a Dragon Ball Z thing?
MM: That is a Dragon Ball Z thing.
CT: Oh, yeah.
BB: Dude, fuckin’....not canon. 
MM: Canon Reedy.
CT: Uh, wait, so it’s...
GR: Now that is what I like. 
BB: Rannon Deedy.
MM: Rannon Deedy!
CT: Yeah, I take a good 3 but I’m still gonna cast flamethrower.
GR: Oh, nice. Alright, alright.
CT: And I’m gonna cast it at force 3, which these are unaware camera men. They’re not even in initiative. 
GR: No, no, no.
CT: So I imagine force 3 would be pretty alright. It’s minus 4 so I don’t have to calculate, correct?
CT: Yeah, I get 3.
GR: Alright, whatever, yeah. The guy’s on fire. Whoosh! Flame busts out, guy takes damage, is on fire, like, “Waaaah!” He drops the camera, he’s trying to put the fire out, and then it’s darkness again and everyone is surrounded in darkness.
CT: The fire isn’t still going, illuminating the place?
GR: Oh yeah, I guess it is, yeah.
CT: Just enough.
BB: So, where are these guards at? Which room are they in?
CT: They’re outside. 
BB: I’m not asking as Zenith.
GR: There’s two in the room you were in.
BB: In the waiting room?
GR: Yeah, in the viewing room.
BB: Which me and Mustachio are still in.
GR: Yeah, but the lights are all out. I guess there’s a faint light from the burning camera man who’s like, trying to put the flame out right now, so if you guys wanna do something you gotta do something fast. There’s two guards in there like, taking out their guns.
BB: So Zenith’s ocular drone is also a cyber eye that can see in the dark. Is that now functioning cause the wireless is back?
GR: That is now functioning.
MM: You’re an elf.
ES: I’m an elf.
MM: So you have dark sight, right?
ES: Yeah.
BB: So, I think….yeah, I’m gonna like, look at Mustachio and then like, point towards the guards and then essentially just start running at one of them to try and take his pistol.
GR: Okay. Alright, roll for initiative.
BB: I got 11.
ES: 11 as well.
GR: Who wants to go first?
BB: Yeah, I’ll go first. So I guess I just wanna run up and try to take one of them. I assume that’d be agility. Is there another skill I can slap on there?
GR: To try and disarm a guy? That would be an unarmed. It’s called a called shot, is what you’re technically describing, because it is a combat move and you’re being like, I’m specifically trying to disarm this guy.
BB: Oh right, right, yeah.
GR: Um, so...
BB: Are you saying I can’t do it at all?
GR: Here’s the way a called shot works, which we haven’t been doing but it does make more sense to do it this way. You automatically take a minus 4 to your dice roll, and then if it’s successful then it’s successful.
BB: Okay, it sounds like in that case there’s no reason for me to even do it. So it’d be a lot more advantageous to just run outta the room.
GR: Yeah.
BB: Are they in front of the door.
GR: No. The door’s clear. The door’s unlocked.
BB: I’m just gonna run over to the AV room then.
GR: Okay. 
CT: Get the bullets.
BB: Yeah.
MM: I wanna say, too, that after I have Crimbus—presumably he will do this—shut down that uh, internet blocker, I’m going to have him to take me to the weapons room just so I can survey and potentially take something more….I dunno, just like, look for any dope-ass weapons that I can give to my crew.
GR: Okay, let’s quickly jump—is there anything you wanted to do while you’re in this room?
ES: Um, if I’m in this room, well, is it most beneficial for us all to get out of this room?
BB: I was mainly doing that cause if I took a minus 4 dice penalty, I’d be rolling one die.
GR: But you’re better at punching than he is.
BB: You’re a lot better than I am.
GR: You’re probably the only good person in this group except for maybe Dak Rambo. You’re probably the best at unarmed.
MM: Definitely Dak Rambo.
ES: Close combat? Or...
GR: Yeah, I think that’s a skill group, right? Isn’t it?
BB: Yeah. Close combat skill group, but it includes….unarmed?
ES: Okay, I’m gonna run up to the guard then, and punch him in the, y’know, punch his nose up into his brain. I’m gonna try to do that.
GR: Okay, cool.
MM: Try and kill him.
ES: Try and like, kill him.
BB: Just like, drop him.
GR: You’ll take a minus 4 to your, what is it, like agility and unarmed?
ES: Yeah.
GR: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you’ll take a minus 4 to that to try and like, kill them right away.
ES: I will take a minus 4 so that means I roll 4 fewer dice?
GR: Yes.
ES: So I’m only gonna roll 4.
GR: This could work out huge.
BB: Ohhh, 2 hits!
ES: 2 hits.
GR: Yeah, actually, successful. You just rush right up to this guy and go fwoom! And then, bone straight in the brain, and he collapses like a wet sack of paint.
P: That’s right, motherfucka!
GR: Nice job. Only problem is you got one more guard who’s mad at you!
BB: How far to the AV room did I get?
GR: So we’re gonna move over to Z. Z, you run out of the room and it’s like, the IT area is right dead in front of you. To your left is the hallway and you can see in your dark vision that there’s a guard at the end of the hallway, sort of like, trying to make his way down to see what’s going on. He does. He hasn’t seen you yet.
BB: Cool, can I just run directly into the AV room?
GR: It’s not a room, it’s just some sort of desk.
BB: Right, cool. I’ll run behind and I’m already opening up my machine pistols. I just go up to Dak and I’m like,
Z: Bullets.
DR: Crimbus! Bullets. Open up this weapons closet.
Cr: That’s all the way at the end of the hallway!
Z: Dude, the bullets that I gave you.
DR: Oh, yeah, these bullets. Sorry Crimbus, my bad. That’s on me. There you go.
GR: Tech Wizard, is there anything you wanna be doing right now?
CT: Yeah.
BB: Can we, can Dak and Z have a quick conversation real quick?
GR: Yeah.
Z: Uh, Pox took down one of the guards in the waiting room. There’s one more left in there, and I dunno where the other two guards are.
DR: Crimbus, how are we doin’ on gettin’ that uh, that internet blocker…?
Cr: I mean, it’s down.
DR: Z, can you transmit?
Z: Yeah, what do you want me to do?
DR: I don’t know, I honestly thought I might free you up and then you’d take away it from there.
Z: Okay, uh, just email fuckin’ Big Marco and tell him, “Yo, what’s up? We uh, pretty much got this—” We don’t even have this place locked down yet. Let’s lock this place down! 
DR: Alright, I’m gonna go to the weapons room. I can’t really see for crap, but uh, do you wanna go to the weapons room? Maybe find some sweet guns, and pew! Pew!
Z: Yeah, sure. What are you gonna do?
DR: I dunno.
Z: You gonna chill here?
DR: I dunno. 
Z: You take care of this guy. I’ll go ahead over to the weapons closet.
DR: I’m not gonna take care of this guy, this guy is cool! Crimbus!
CT: You mean the other guard?
BB: No, I mean chill with this guy.
DR: Okay, I’mma chill with Crimbus.
Z: And if anybody comes in here, kill ‘em.
DR: What if it’s our friends?
Z: Don’t kill them.
GR: How are you gonna get into the weapons room?
B: I can pick the fucking lock. 
DR: Crimbus, can you—
Z: What do you got, designer grade locks over here? 
Cr: Okay, okay.
Z: Who the fuck is this guy?
DR: This guy’s the new head of IT of Big Marco’s fighting ring.
Z: Hey, Crimbus, you’re gonna have a job here no matter what the fuck happens. So just shut up.
Cr: Okay, okay.
Z: Which direction is the weapons closet?
Cr: Uh, it’s down that hallway that you just passed.
DR: Is there a way to remotely unlock it, Crimbus?
Cr: No.
Z: Okay, I got it.
DR: Do you have the key? Crimbus?
Cr: No, I don’t have the key. 
Z: I can pick locks, it’s fine. 
Cr: Francis has the key.
DR: Crimbus? I love ya. I love you.
Cr: Okay.
DR: I love you!
GR: He’s crying.
BB: Z runs out of the room after this exchange. 
GR: Okay, so the hallway he’s talking is the hallway the guard is down right now. The guard is standing right by the door. 
BB: Okay, I feel like now it goes to someone else. Cause I will for sure end up killing this guy.
GR: Okay, let’s….Tech Wizard, you just blasted that one guy with flame and then used—actually, you can’t see anything through the one-way mirror cause it’s a one-way mirror!
MM: Is there another camera guy?
GR: Yeah, there’s another camera guy, and he’s like, “Uhhhh....”
CT: I go up to the camera—I imagine he is not going to resist me based on what just happened.
GR: No.
CT: I go up to the camera, I grab it by both sides. I say, um, “BM, first I wanna say I’m sorry it got a little hot when we met earlier. Do wanna apologize about that. I was gettin’ amped, and as you can see when I get amped, shit goes down. So also, maybe just a little bit of you don’t fuck with me, but also, we cool, okay? So a little bit of don’t fuck with me but also we’re alright. Number two, everybody who’s watchin’, Francis is goin’ down, got it? This is BM’s joint now.
CT: And then he pushes the thing out. 
MM: Can we say also that you just got a little flame on your finger illuminating your face?
CT: Yeah, yeah, and there was a little flame in the back.
BB: No, I think you’re being completely backlit by this dude screaming in the background, fucking on fire.
CT: Yeah, yeah, just like, on fire.
BB: Like, “Ahhhh!” And there’s like, flame crackling on the walls and shit.
CT: And I, uh...
MM: We just see Tech Wizard’s head explode.
CT: This is gonna be mean, and I hate to do it. I feel bad about it. 
GR: Oh, yesss!
BB: This is like when you shot that dude in the head.
CT: Tech Wizard is gonna cast fling with the burning body at the two-way mirror to break it. 
MM: Fling?
CT: Fling. 
BB: What about the one camera man?
CT: What?
BB: What about the other camera man?
CT: The other camera man, I’m lettin’....he’s fine.
BB: Okay.
MM: I’m happy we didn’t have to see Skull Kid get his ass whooped by uh, by Blintz.
BB: Never woulda happened.
MM: We’ll see about that.
GR: Yeah, uh, oof, it really hurts the guy, though, he’s dead. Yeah, okay, so Tech Wizard says that badass thing in the camera and then he’s like—what do you do?
CT: Just like, as if I were slamming a door with both hands, I just go vooom! And the guy just lifts off the—
GR: Like a limp rag, and he’s still screaming, smashes through the window. And then all of a sudden, so you see this, you smash that dude’s face in. You see him talking to the camera for one second. Sorry, that was Pox. Pox sees Tech Wizard talking to the camera for one second. And then all of a sudden, spins around, whoosh! His body flies through the center like, right in the middle of the two benches where the fighters are sitting, just like cracks his head open on the bench. And everyone is just like, “Wuaaaagh!” And now this room is illuminated and the other guard is startled and he takes out his gun and he points it at you.
CT: You see a second single tear roll down Tech Wizard’s face for his actions today.
MM: Where’s Alan Thatcher?
CT: He’s in his dome.
GR: Yeah, Alan Thatcher is just like—
CT: Bloodying his hands on this fucking wall.
GR: Okay, so…
MM: Tech Wizard is god. 
P: How far am I from this other guard?
GR: You’re about....
MM: Two football fields.
GR: Um, you’re about six, seven feet away from him.
P: So I’m pretty close to him.
GR: Yeah, okay, so this second guard takes out his gun to shoot at you. And he shoots at ya. And….one hit.
MM: So...one hit.
P: Whoa, one hit.
GR: Okay, he fires off his gun and he totally misses you. So, it’s your turn again.
ES: I’m going to….I’m gonna try to rip his throat out.
GR: Alright, do you wanna take a minus 4 to that?
ES: Sure.
GR: Alright.
CT: Alright—
ES: What? What were you gonna say?
CT: I dunno, well, what’s—yeah, 
MM: It’s gonna be 4 die again, right?
ES & CT: Yeah.
MM: I hope you get to rip his throat out, I really do.
ES: Me too, but you never know.
CT: I love a good throat rip.
MM: This is the Dak Rambo that’s in your imagination talking to you. I’m in another room.
ES & CT: Two hits.
GR: Alright. Um, he swats your hand away from the attempt to throat rip.
P: Fuck, man!
GR: And let’s see, so let’s pause this. Go over to the fight that Z seems to be about to be heading into with this guard. What is Z up to?
BB: I see this dude and the light’s not on in here yet, right? So he’s still kinda like, stumbling around.
GR: No, he’s still sorta like—Yeah, he can’t see you.
BB: Yeah, I’m sorry guys. I’m gonna shoot the motherfucker.
MM: Apology not accepted.
BB: Damn.
MM: You have to make it up to us.
BB: So I’m gonna roll reaction plus my pistols. Do I add anything cause he’s just in the dark?
GR: Nah.
BB: Alright. One, two, three, four hits.
GR: Alright, so you go and it hits him up pretty good. He’s….still standing. He’s solidly hit.
BB: I guess, can I use a simple action to just move slightly from the area that I shot from?
GR: Yeah.
BB: Cool, I do that. I’m mainly just changing the angle so he can’t be like, “where’d that come from?”
MM: Real quick, cut to Dak and Crimbus.
DR: Yep, that’s my friend, killin’ that guard that’s in the hallway. Did you know that guy?
Cr: I didn’t, um. Ah, yeah uh, I do know him.
DR: Was he a good guy?
Cr: Yeah.
DR: Wait, he was a good guy?
Cr: Yeah.
DR: Wow. Sorry about that. He’s a dead guy now.
Cr: Okay.
DR: But uh, when Big Marco takes over this place, you’re gonna get a cool outfit you get to wear. Big Marco loves outfits. He loves rustic things.
Cr: His name’s Big Marco?
DR: Yeah—
Cr: People around this place been callin’ him Lil Marco.
DR: Heh, heh, heh, heh. Well, he doesn’t like that but just between you and me, yeah. He’s Lil Marco. He’s a lil guy.
Cr: So if I’m workin’ for him I shouldn’t call him Lil Marco?
DR: You don’t wanna call him Lil Marco to his face but if no one’s around and it’s just you and me, you can call him Lil Marco.
Cr: Good to know the context.
DR: Do you want a piece of gum?
Cr: Yeah.
GR: Cut over to the fight. Standard security guard is gonna pull his gun on—well the gun’s already pulled but he’s gonna pull the trigger to shoot at you. Okay. He missed.
MM: Thank god.
ES: Yes!
GR: Roll initiative.
P: 13.
BB: 15.
CT: 15.
MM: 14. 
GR: Well, let’s just go back to Z. You can go again. This dude is—he fires off in the hallway a couple times, missing you. The darkness is really F’ing with him.
BB: Hell yeah. Cool, so what I’m gonna do is uh, I guess run up kinda close to him and then just burst fire shit out of this dude. 
GR: Alright, you burst fire the S out of this D. He’s unconscious. Uh, yeah, so you, and he just falls on the side of the hallway and he crumples down. 
BB: So I’m pretty much just running past him to go to the weapons closet.
GR: Yeah. The weapons closet is to the right of you. To the left of you is the hallway leading down to the door that leads to the fight room. You can see that there’s another guard actually pretty close to you, trying to make his way down the hallway.
BB: Okay.
GR: He can’t see you but….hey now, let’s jump to someone else. I think next up we have….Tech Wizard.
CT: So, quick recap just for me outside the podcast…
GR: Okay. Podcast is now officially—we are officially outside the podcast
B: This podcast-
GR: This is the outside edition of the podcast, not to be confused with the inside of the podcast which we are not in.
CT: Only—
ES: Wait, so we can say whatever we want?
GR: Outside, outside podcast rules apply right now.
ES: Oh my goddd.
MM: Bernie Sanders should have won the primaries! What did you wanna say, man, outside the podcast?
ES: Alright.
CT: I was—
MM: We’re back inside the podcast.
GR: We’re now back inside the podcast!
MM: Dak Rambo shoots Crimbus in the head.
CT: What’s the situation in the room right now?
GR: Okay, so the last thing that just happened is you flung the body through the window. Yeah, that’s it. Now you’re just looking at like, a flaming body in a middle of a bunch of fighters who are maybe now coming to, figuring out what they’re going to do in this situation. And uh, Pox punchin’ at this guard right here. 
CT: Can I do a simple action—Well, I can speak, so that’s a free action.
GR: Oh yeah, you can speak.
CT: And then hold my turn.
GR: Mhmmm? Tell me what you don’.
CT: Yeah, yeah. I’m gonna say somethin’ to them but I also wanna be ready in case some of them do want to like, fight us.
TW: Alright, everybody listen! Now I know you might be a little pissed. You’re excited to fight tonight, but the fact is, Big Marco is running this operation. There’s a change of ownership. Nobody has to die tonight You get an extra night to live and for the heck of it, Big Marco will compensate you for the trouble. That’s a promise, alright? So everybody—
GR: That’s all you can get out. At that point, the guard shoots at her again. Misses. That’s the last time he shot at you. So you’re saying that.
TW: Jesus!
GR: Yeah, and you’re holdin’ your turn? 
CT: Uh, yeah.
GR: Yesssssss! And we’re goin’ to Dak.
DR: Hey! So Crimbus, you said you want some gum?
Cr: Yeah.
DR: Cause so do I. I want some gum. You got gum?
Cr: No.
DR: Bummer.
GR: Cut to Pox!
ES: Um, I am going to try to intimidate this guard.
GR: Okay.
ES: Using my mustache. Um.
GR: Oh, boy. Specifically using your mustache you’re gonna take a minus two, since it is always falling off.
ES: Oh, that’s true.
CT: Just hit the guy! Or wrestle the guy!
ES: Okay, yes, I’ll hit him. I’ll hit him, um, yeah. I’m gonna do a three stooges like, fingers into the eyeballs thing.
GR: Okay, great. Fingers in the eyes is fun.
ES: One, two, three, four. 
GR: Okay. It’s a soft lil punch. He was like, “Oww!”
P: Man, I’m just, um, my hand slipped. I didn’t mean to hit you in the eye, man.
GR: That hurt! 
P: Oops, sorry about that. I got a spasm.
GR: Are you really sorry about that?
P: No, you asshole! You’re tryin’ to shoot me!
GR: That’s rude. Now I’m gonna try and stun ya! Who we on, who we on, who we on….We’re on the guy whose gonna try and shoot you again.
CT: Okay, I take my turn. 
GR: Okay.
CT: Umm...
GR: Here we go. Here we go.
BB: Would you just shoot Crimbus in the head already? You’ve been wanting to do it the whole time. 
MM: No I’m not shooting Crimbus! Crimbus and I right now—Real quick cutaway. Crimbus and I are both laughing because we smoked the other two joints.
BB: The other two?
CT: He had three.
MM: I had three joints earlier. One, I gave to Sun Wah. Now I’m laughing and smoking with Crimbus. And I’m just like, 
DR: And that’s when I knew that I needed to say sorry. I had to just not be such an asshole! Isn’t that somethin’ Crimbus?
Cr: Yeah.
DR: And what made you decide to get into IT?
Cr: IT? Pay grade. But I was a total fuck-off, you know? I just like….can I be honest with you right now?
DR: Uh….no. Of course be honest! Now’s the time to be honest! The lights are out.
Cr: Alright. I stole a lot of company supplies from the real square job I was working. It paid great. I stole about 17 pallets worth of pencils.
DR: Seventeen pallets worth of pencils?
Cr: Yeah, I’m a hacker.
DR: What did you do with those pencils?
Cr: That’s the thing. I just….I-I just…
GR: He starts crying.
Cr: I just had this self-driving car just back up, just back up off of the concrete wall and it just fell right into the lake. 
DR: Crimbus?
Cr: I just—And Idon’t know why I did it!
DR: Crimbus, can I stop you for a second? Because when I met ya—you’re gonna laugh—I had you marked as a pencil pusher.
 
DR: And you pushed those pencils right into the lake! All those fish gonna fill out their sunday crossword puzzle.
Cr: I don’t know! Sudoku? Can you imagine a fish doing sudoku?
DR: I can imagine it and it is cracking me up, buddy! C’mere! We’re gonna be alright!
CT: Alright, back to the action. Tech Wizard casts force 4 mana ball. And mana ball channels destructive magical power to the target doing physical damage. The damage inflicted is similar to massive cellular die-off from radiation.
BB: You’re casting this on Dak Rambo?
CT: What?
GR: For the viewers at home, Mike Migdall just threw a huge rock at Blair.
MM: I missed. I hit my TV.
GR: The TV is broken.
BB: It’s a real disaster.
CT: Uh, this resists willpower so it ignores armor and everything else like that. Um, and....
GR: So it’s just a willpower save?
CT: Yeah.
BB: So you’re just frying this dude?
CT: Yeah, from the inside. Like a microwave. 
MM: If it was passover you would cast matza ball.
CT: Hell yeah.
MM: for the viewers at home, Blair just lifted his shirt and sucked on his own nipple. Everyone laughed because it was really babyish.
ES: Shocked by the skills, the secret skills.
GR: Okay, uh, yeah, did you roll for this thing?
CT: What? Yeah. It was force 4 and I had 4 hits. I had more than 4, but…
ES: You had 4 hits?
BB: Yeah, I mean, he’s got 6 hits. For the viewers at home, Gannon cannot keep track of his motherfuckin’ dice.
GR: So how many hits was it? 
CT: Four. 
GR: And it’s just the hit damage? So you had 4 hits?
CR: Mhmm.
GR: Alright. Guy takes 4 damage and what is the result? What is the result? And uh, yeah, and he’s like, he’s really hurtin’. He’s really hurtin’ bad. 
CT: Does he have a bloody nose like me now?
GR: Yeah, like blood just sort of like, comes out of his nose.
CT: Friggin’ cool.
GR: Yeah. And he pulls out his gun and he tries to shoot it at you.
CT: Uh, one, two, three, four, five…
GR: You made it. You’re good, you’re good. This guy’s a dumb shit. He can’t shoot for…
CT: It’s dark, and I just microwaved him.
GR: Yeah. 
MM: Disgusting.
GR: Mhmm. I think it’s time to go back to Z.
BB: Uh, Z’s runnin’ up to the weapon closet.
GR: Yeah, and there’s a guy to your left.
BB: I thought there was another dude down on a different hallway. Or is he in front of me goin’ to the weapon closet?
GR: Imagine an L shape.
BB: Okay. 
GR: You just wasted a dude coming down one side of the L shape. At the corner of the L is a door, the gun closet. To the left is the other side of the L shape is a dude.
BB: Fumbling though, right? He doesn’t see me?
GR: Fumbling around. Let’s see…
BB: So I’m at the door to the weapon closet. Can I open it?
GR: It’s locked.
BB: It’s locked? Sweet. I’m gonna fuckin’ lockpick this shit. Oh yeah, okay, I got 5 hits.
GR: Yeah.
BB: Yeah, sweet.
GR: You ease in.
BB: What’s in here, dude?
GR: It’s dark, you can’t see—oh, wait.
BB: I can fuckin’ see, dude. 
GR: Sorry!
BB: Also, I could sell this shit online in under ten minutes.
GR: It’s a bunch of guns. You’re gonna have to search through it to see what kinda good stuff. But it’s just a bunch of guns. The first things you see are sort of like, standard Aries pistols, some rifles.
BB: Do I have enough actions left to just grab an Aries Predator and turn around and take a shot at the dude?
GR: Oh, that’s right! Yeah, there’s like an Aries Predator thrown in.
BB: Let’s do it.
GR: You’re gonna take a minus two.
BB: Minus two?
MM: Well….Blair, my gun is pretty dope. So this gun is probably not as dope as my gun, but...
BB: Actually, I might not even do that. I’m just gonna turn around and shoot this dude.
GR: Yeah, you got your machine gun hands.
MM: Good call, because you could never handle my gun.
ES: You have your ammo?
BB: Uh, yeah.
CT: Yeah, he got it.
BB: I got all the bullets back.
MM: I gave him all the bullets.
CT: I’m not really sure why we went to the ammo room in the first place.
MM: I thought there might be a cool bazooka in there.
BB: One, two, three, four, five, six.
CT: That is good.
GR: Six. 
MM: You never know. It just makes sense to go to the weapons room. When Gannon described the weapons room, I was like, we’re gonna go there.
ES: Sounds like a nice place.
GR: What’s the damage? Damage out of 6, right?
BB: Uh-huh. 
GR: Okay. 
MM: What’s your damage on your gun?
BB: 6P.
ES: PP. 
MM: PP, hello, it’s…
ES: It’s me, PP.
MM: I am PP2.
ES: I’m PP1.
MM: I’m PP2!
ES: We love—
MM: To go salsa dancing!
ES: Yes!
BB: We interrupt this podcast for a quick episode of PP1 & PP2.
ES: Uh, PP?
MM: Yes?
ES: Did you leave the fridge open?
MM: Oops!
ES: Ohhh!
BB: Tune in next week for another episode of PP1 & PP2.
GR: Next week, on PP1 & PP2:
MM: PP?
ES: Yeees?
MM: Did you leave the refrigerator door open?
ES: Why would you insist that I did?!
MM: Never mind.
BB: Tune in next week for the thrilling conclusion!
GR: PP1 & PP2. Okay, this guy’s dead. And um, he dies! You see in the darkness he’s just sorta like, feeling around, and like a freakin’ sucker, you fill his face full of holes. He falls down like a busted up scarecrow who got shot in the face. He’s dead.
BB: I’m gonna send like, a quick message over to Dak and be like,
Z: Yo, I killed both of those guards. If you want to turn both those lights back on, I think we’re probably okay.
DR: Righteous! Hey, Crimbus. You think you can turn the lights back on? Or is that a one-way ride to hell?
Cr: Yeah. Uh, yeah, sure. Can I get out from under the desk?
DR: I just realized, we’re still under this desk. 
Cr: Uh, yeah.
BB: You still have the gun right on his forehead.
DR: I still have this gun trained right on ya. Yeah, let me get out under the desk first. Oooh, feels good to stretch my legs. Crimbus, why don’t you go ahead and scuttle outta the desk like a hermit crab tryin’ to find a bigger shell?
Cr: Okay.
GR: Lights are on. Click! Okay, so we’re gonna jump over to this room. Tech Wizad, Pox, roll initiative!
ES: 13.
CT: 12.
GR: Pox, you’re first.
ES: Okay, I’m going to, um….I’m gonna punch him in the throat.
GR: Okay.
ES: That’ll hurt a lot. And I got one, two….two.
GR: Three?
ES: Two.
MM: Looks like you got 10 hits. Amazing.
GR: Yeah, he just blocks your hand away, this guy. Okay, TW?
TW: Alright. I didn’t wanna have to do this.
GR: It’s time to pull out the big guns. The big magic guns.
MM: I can’t believe you mana balled a man. It’s disgusting. 
CT: I also lit a man on fire and threw him through a window. 
BB: Is there a guard left still?
MM: There’s Francis. 
BB: Oh, okay.
MM: Francis Limpdick or whatever it is.
BB: Limptower.
ES: What are you gonna do?
CT: Motherfucker. I’m gonna control this weak-ass dude’s actions.
BB: What’s the force?
CT: What? I did 5.
BB: You got five.
GR: You’re in.
CT: I take the gun, I shoot myself in the head.
BB: Brutal.
MM: I knew that was comin’.
GR: So you just like—here’s what you, here’s what Pox sees. Pox goes for a punch and he dodges it and he like, smirks and all of a sudden the smirk twists his head around and quivers for a moment—
CT: Tech Wizard falls to the ground and goes limp.
GR: Tech Wizard collapses and then this dude just pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head, and the whole, all the people watching are like, “Waaah!”
BB: Also, is this happening in the room?
CT: Yeah, the room with all the people in it.
MM: The room where it happened.
ES: And then Pox is like,
P: Yee-haaaw! Ohh, mother fuck! Fuck, man! 
ES: And then Pox just peels her mustache off her face and just puts it—
CT: It was me the whole time!
CT: Pox!
MM: Blintz is like,
BK: What?! It’s a lady!!
P: What? Yeah, I’m a lady. Anyway....
ES: She drops the mustache on the remains of this guy’s head.
BB: Do you wanna call it at Francis just fuckin’ like....
GR: Oh, Francis didn’t shoot himself. Let’s just have Francis come out of the booth.
F: Oh my god! What the hell is going on here?!
MM: The door swings open.
DR: Sorry, Francis! But it looks like we’re in charge now!
MM: Blam! I shoot him in the head.
CT: Yeah, just do it. Go for it.
MM: Lemme just roll a dice I guess. Might as well make this a big deal. I open up the door and he goes,
F: What’s going on here?
MM: Hey, when you meet Satan, tell him that you were sent by Dr. Zev Wongburger!
F: What?!
GR: Boom! Dude takes a shot to the head and collapses.
CT: I just wanna say—which I think is a reasonable assumption—that the camera man has turned to film the action going on.
BB: He’s gotten literally all of this.
GR: Yeah, yeah.
CT: So the guy shooting himself in the head, Dak coming out and blasting that guy in the brain, and everything going on now.
MM: I look into the camera and go,
DR: Liiive! From a corn field, it’s the Neoscum Podcaaast!
BB: Now the camera just fuckin’ zooms out. 
GR: Yeah, now the camera’s just showing—this is the ending credits. It’s done like the SNL opening credits, featuring, Daaaak Rambo! 
MM: Dak Rambo looks away and looks back, and holds the—
BB: Where is he, though, cause you know they’re all in various locations around New York?
GR: You’re in Indianapolis now.
MM: I’m just in front of this door where I just shot this man in the head. But I like, I look away and look back into the camera and I give a little laugh.
GR: The Tech Wizard!
CT: Tech Wizard is having a conversation with...
GR: Kraenor?
CT: Kraenor, and he acts like he’s been tapped on the shoulder and turns over and gives a little finger.
GR: Pooox!
ES: Pox is uh, eating a granola bar and then she just suddenly becomes invisible and the granola bar falls to the foor.
GR: And, Zenith!
BB: Zenith is like, going through all the weapons and stuff, and then like, does the same sorta thing where he just stops for a second and then turns towards the camera. 
GR: And featured guests! Blint Klaunoff! Wah Sun! Alan Thatcher! Connie O’Mazul! And Luther Pill!
MM: What about Crimbus? 
GR: Aaaand, Crimbus! 
GR: And special guest, musical guest, Crimbus!
MM: Crimbus is playing a tiny ukelele.
CM: That was about the time I realized, this whole thing was a podcast.

[EPISODEBREAK5]

GR: Zoom in super fast. Super fast indie director zoom in. Four cool guys sitting in a waiting room with a sort of industrial rusty kind of chic look. Sitting. Waiting. We have... this is a good intro. We've got four guys–
MM: Gender neutral guys. 
ES: Yeah. 
GR: Gender neutral guys. You guys are sitting in the Big Marco's Truck Repo Tow n' Stow. 
MM: We're sitting at...does he? Correct me if I'm wrong, but he has these big bean bag chairs in his waiting room? 
GR: He's got big leather bean bag chairs. It matches with the aesthetic very beautifully. So, you guys are all sitting outside of his office while Dilbo, the robo secretary, sits at the computer. And in the other room, all of the fighters who were in the last mission are also being processed, but they're not in the room with you. They're just right outside the door. 
[MM voices Dak Rambo (DR)]: Hey, Dilbo? Can we get some freaking water over here?
DR: We just blew up a bunch of shit and we–
[Eleni Sauvageau (ES) voices Pox (P)]: We're thirsty. 
DR: We're thirsty. We did a damn shadowrun mission. 
[Blair Brit (BB) voices Zenith (Z)]: Yeah, do you guys have water here, Dilbo? 
[GR voices Dilbo (D)]: Yeah. 
Z: What's the water sitch?
D: Sure thing. Yeah, we got water. I'll just bring you some water. 
P: Thank you.
D: Maurice, can we have some water for these water for these nice folks?
[Casey Toney (CT) voices Tech Wizard (TW)]: Oh, I didn't know you were the middle man for the water. 
D: I–
TW: A true host would have just got the water, but I guess we'll wait. 
P: Get up and walk.
D: Well, I have to stay at the desk. 
TW: Okay, yeah, you're right. You have to stay at the desk. We'll wait. 
Z: You guys think that Alan Thatcher guy's ever going talk to Tech Wizard again? 
TW: I think he is. You know why? 
Z: He seemed really mad when we left. 
DR: You put him in a magic shell. 
TW: Yeah, to save his frigging life. Don't you guys turn this against me. You saw how it went down. 
Z: You lied to him too though. 
TW: I lied to protect him. What are you–?
P: Yeah, you were just trying to make a friend. I could see that. 
TW: Thank you. 
P: Yeah. 
TW: Thank you, Pox. 
DR: You already got some friends though and they love you, alright? 
P: Yeah, that's right. 
DR: And they don't want to be replaced by no damn Alan Thatcher. 
TW: Guys, you're not replacing, just trying to–
P: No one's ever...Alan Thatcher is never going come run with us, okay? 
Z: I don't know, because he seemed
P: No. 
TW: Tough guy. 
Z: He seemed like a cool dude.
TW: He knows some people. 
Z: He wrote a book. 
TW: And he wrote a book. 
TW: He wrote a book called Clouded Aspirations.
DR: I know. Now that you all mentioned it, I remember seeing that book one time. 
Z: Do you have the book on you right now? 
DR: I saw it because it's here in my pocket. 
P: Whoa!
TW: Is that the book you keep in front of your heart just in case you get shot? 
MM: Dak Rambo reaches into his vest pocket that's right above his heart and he pulls out a big magazine that says Best Boobs of 2051. 
P: Well, that looks like some clouded aspirations. That's for sure. 
DR: Yeah, I was just joking around. I've never seen that book before, but you know what? These bean bag chairs? You know, back when Marco and I were ice truckers, he always fantasized, he would tell me, "Hey Dak. When I make it big off trucking, I'm going buy 100 bean bag chairs and have a compound with bean bag chairs–
TW: One, two, three, four.
Z: Yeah, he only has four. 
P: Yeah, he's got four. 
DR: In this room!
Z: He's got 96 to go. 
DR: Have you guys been in every room? 
P: Have you–? 
D: Dak Rambo and guests? 
DR: Dilbo and the robot? 
Z: Can we get those guests names just read out loud? Just so that we're all sure who is supposed to be going into the meeting. 
D: It says Dak Rambo and guests. 
DR: Do you guys want to just give–
D: But I would love to know your names. 
DR: Alright. I, like you said, I'm Dak Rambo. Stand about 6'1. 210 pounds. Pure muscle. 
P: It's definitely all a lie, so–
DR: It's not a lie. It's true. 
P: Yep? 
DR: I can jump 44 inches and I have cat eyes that let me see at night. 
CT: The funny thing...this is an exact dating profile like word verbatim. 
DR: I enjoy sarcasm–
Z: Dak, Dak. You're the only one he already knew the name for. 
DR: Well, I just thought I'd show you guys how to introduce yourselves so we can stick to the same format. 
P: And also, we can see you, so we know that your physical description is not–
Z: completely inaccurate. 
DR: Look. Maybe this robot's eyes are busted. 
TW: My name's The Fist Wizard. I may or may not going invisible depending on how Little Marco is feeling next time I see him. 
DR: Big Marco. Big Marco, okay?
D: You don't want to say that. 
TW: I think our–
D: Wait. Are you the guy who he was going torture? 
Z: No, no, no. That was Tech Wizard. 
TW: That was Tech Wizard. 
Z: That's a different guy. 
TW: That's a different guy. Fist Wizard threw a guy through a window and pretty much saved the day I would say if the day was needing saving. 
P: See, Fist Wizard's got a princess hat, a bandana on his–
Z: And he has his robes tied around his waist instead of around his body. 
P: It's different. Different guy. 
DR: 3'9. 10 pounds. 
TW: Not. Stop it. People see me, Dak. 
Z: Also, 10 pounds is ridiculous. 3'9? That'd be like a big old noodle. 
DR: Hey, that's very apt of you.
D: Well, who are the rest of you? 
GR: And Dilbo puts his robo hands on his sides and they go clinck. 
Z: You gotta' go first, Pox. 
P: I'm Pox. And, I mean... I'm Mustachio. I'm Mustachio. Pardon me. I've got some bit of gas, so I've, uh–
TW: You don't have the mustache on. 
P: Oh, okay. I'm Pox. Thank God. Holy shit. That was really crazy. 
TW: You're free, okay? You're free. 
P: I'm free. Ah, I'm so confused. Yeah, I'm Pox. 
D: Hi. 
P: Hi. 
DR: Um, 7'1. 
P: No, I'm not 7'1. 
DR: 7, 10, 10,000
P: I'm 12 feet tall robot with no eyes and 12 feet tall. I'm towering over you. I'm looking down on your tiny little robot body right now and I'm going crush you. I'm just kidding. I'm nice. Give me some water, please.
D: Oh, look. Here's Maurice with the water. 
Z: Oh, thank God. 
[GR voices Maurice Toboggan (MT)]: Hey, what's going on, guys? It's me. Maurice.
GR: Maurice is a dwarf comes in. 
DR: Wait a second. Maurice Toboggan? 
MT: That's me. 
DR: Dak Rambo!
MT: Hey, aw. Holy shit, right? I didn't know I'd see you here. 
DR: Yeah. 
MT: What's happening? 
DR: Hey you know. The road brought me here and you're looking great. 
MT: Hey, thanks so much. I've been working out. 
DR: How's your brother? 
MT: He is doing so bad. He's gone to race in the mental institute. 
P: He's in a mental institute? 
MT: He had another psychotic breakdown. 
DR: Thank you for the one. Thanks for the water. 
P: Wow. Great water. Great. 
TW: You're going have a lot of spit. 
Z: This water looks fucking great. You really knocked it out of the park.
P: Oh my. 
MT: You guys–
GR: He turns. He's like spittle dribbling down his red beard. And he just like about-faces and just waddles out of the room. 
CT: That's–
BB: Zenith take his glass of water and he raises it up to the light and you can see–
CT: Oh God.
BB: little streams of mucous on the surface of the water kind of like–
CT: That's–
BB: Wilting through the water. 
GR: Dilbo's like...
D: Yeah, so that's the water and I've gotta know who this last fella' is? 
Z: Hi. I'm Zenith. I was elected as the leader of this shadowrunning outfit and would just prefer if you, from now on, referred to us as Zenith and his Merry Pals. 
P: Hey! That? No, no. 
DR: If anybody's the leader, it's–
P: It's me!
DR: Dak Rambo. 
Z: No, no. 
DR: Okay, look. 
TW: And if anybody's the right hand man...
P: It's Tech. I mean, it's Fist Wizard. 
DR: Look, Tech. You met Pox like two days ago and already...
P: we're in love. 
DR: Dak Rambo's in the trunk of a vehicle going off a cliff.
P: Wha?
Z: Yeah, where you belong. 
TW: Dak Rambo. Maybe he needs to pull some of those candies out of his pockets that he's so stingy about and let the Fist Wizard have them.
DR: Look, no one's getting one of my suckers. Alright? 
TW: Ohhh. Goose. Give me a sucker and maybe you can be the leader again. 
P: I love candy. I want some. Please, please. I would give anything for just one. 
D: I don't mean to interrupt you guys...
Z: Yeah, what's up? Hey, what's up, Dilbo? 
D: He, uh, Big Marco will see you now. 
Z: Well, I think it's time...
P: for a–
Z: that we take another five minutes to figure out where those candies are at. 
P: Yes, candy!
DR: You know where they're at. They're in Fort Knox aka, my pockets. 
P: Give me. Give me that. 
Z: No, I'm just kidding. Let's go talk to Big Marco guys. 
ES: Pox is still reaching for candies. 
DR: Five minutes is not long enough. 
GR: Dilbo walks out from behind the desk and opens the door to Big Marco's office. Inside, he's got a pretty big office. It's a little, it's definitely built to be sort of imposing. 
GR: It's like a big walk that's a big empty room with a tall ceiling and he's sitting at a wooden desk in the center. And there's all these exposed pipes and stuff and all these awards that he's won and like a key to the city of Indianapolis and all these picture of trucks all over the place. And he's sitting there and he's just...
MM: I'm taking also...hold on. 
GR: clapping. 
MM: I take out my tiny bluetooth speaker and I'm playing a cool rock instrumental as we all enter. And he's trying to do his cool clap thing, but we're also doing a cool entrance. And our two cool gestures are–
BB: At odds. 
MM: At odds with one another. 
[GR voices Little Marco (LM)]: Hey, uh...why the heck are playing Bron Y Ayur by Led Zeppelin while I'm here...
P: It's for atmosphere. 
LM: doing the clap, okay.
DR: I didn't you were going do the clap, Marco. 
LM: I'm doing–
Z: I didn't see a sign outside that said, Please Stop all Audio Introduc–
TW: going clap. 
LM: I just think that when you're coming to the big man's room, you gotta' do it. The big man gets the right of way, so...
DR: Looks like the big man needs to clean his room. Looks a little bit dirty.
P: Do we walk out and walk back in again?
LM: No it's fine. Just walk up. 
Z: No, no, no. Come on, man. 
TW: He needs this. 
P: We can go out and go back in. 
Z: We'll give you whatever you need. 
LM: Come up. Come up to the desk. 
Z: Okay. Alright. 
DR: This is charity if we go do this again for him. Alright, Marco. This is clearly a really nice desk. You have a great desk. 
Z: Big desk, even. 
LM: Well, if it isn't the goofball brigade. 
DR: That's not a nice–
Z: Are you reading that off your computer right now, Big Marco? 
LM: No I'm not!
GR: He shuts his laptop really hard and it makes a crunching noise and he makes a face and then he pretends like that didn't happen. 
DR: Marco, there's a mirror right behind you. We saw about half of the names that were written down there–names such as: Dak and the Clowns and other names that maybe someone else saw? 
P: It said Dak and the Dum Dums.
TW: There was a lot of Dak ands–
Z: Yeah, I gotta say. Too many Dak ands.
P: Yeah, what about the rest of us? 
DR: Well, Marco knows me, so huh– 
P: So? Get to know us. 
TW: Dak and Guests I could see was at the top of the list. 
LM: Dak and the Dum Dums here at my desk. 
Z: I'll take it. 
LM: It is a sight for my eyes. It is. Listen. I think you guys did a bang-up job on that last mission. 
CT: Yes.
LM: You shut that place down. You got it all on vids. This is a major boom for the whole Big Marco Corp. So, I'm loving it, I'm loving what you guys are bringing, I so did you, Dak Rambo, a solid. Look, I can give you the location of the League of Truckers. Yeah, I can do that. How about this? I did you one better. I talked to them. You ain't blacklisted anymore. 
Z: Oh shit. 
LM: My silken lips have set you free. 
DR: Well, you do have the softest of any ex-trucker that I know, so I guess I owe you a little favor. 
LM: Well, actually, I just want to throw this caveat in there. You gotta' apologize to Beans the trucker
DR: I ain't apologizing to Beans.
LM: You’ve got to apologize to him or the blacklist is back on. 
DR: We went to that UFC-esque fighting ring. 
Z: It was fucking nuts in there. 
DR: Seriously. 
Z: They were ready...we watched a pumpkin man get his head crushed. 
TW: Did you see the shit I did. 
LM: Watched a highlight reel.
TW: Are you impressed and do you forgive me? 
Z: What? 
LM: Oh, shit. I do recognize you.
TW: No you don't. 
LM: Underneath those–
TW: I'm the Fist Wizard. 
DR: Why did you say, "Do you forgive me?" 
P: Don't, don't, don't. Fist! I mean...
TW: I felt really bad. It was very uncomfortable. 
LM: Here you are. You should get on your knees...
TW: No, no, no, but I– 
LM: and kiss my feet. 
Z: Tech, I think you gotta get on your knees. 
MM: Guys, we’ve got to restart the podcast. It's not going well. 
P: Kiss his feet. Kiss his feet. 
LM: Kiss my...I'm a–
Z: No, I think we let this play out and we see what Tech does in this situation.
LM: I'm just messing with you. Of course we're okay, you doofus. But you ever try to cross me again, and I swear to God I'll shave every last piece skin off your fleshy little body. 
P: Well, I'm so glad everyone's so happy. 
Z: Yeah, everyone seems to be getting along now. 
ES: And, meanwhile, Pox is stealing one of her knicknacks around the end of the desk. 
GR: She's just grabbing–
MM: Pox.
GR: little models of trucks
ES: and just putting them in her pocket.
LM: Yeah, so you gotta' talk...Beans is going give you a call sometime. You’ve got to take that call. You’ve got to talk to Beans, 
DR: So I don't–
LM: and you gotta' apologize, baby. 
DR: I don't have to apologize in person? It's going be over a comlink? 
LM: It's going be com. It's going be face com. 
DR: Does he even remember what I sound like? 
LM: Yeah. 
DR: Maybe I can get Tech Wizard, I mean uh, Fist Wizard...
TW: Dak. I got this. Right on that. 
LM: It's going be a video conference call. That's the end of that. Honestly, I could give a shit if you're back on the black list again. I was just doing you a favor. 
Z: Wait. We have to just be on call for the next indeterminate amount of time for this face? I mean what if we're–
LM: He said he'll call today or tomorrow. What, is your phone off all the time? 
DR: I have to pay my bill. 
Z: I mean, have you tried to reach Dak Rambo on a day he doesn't want to be reached? 
DR: I'm imposs...unpossible my friends. 
TW: His ring-back tone is so obnoxious. 
Z: Yeah. It's just microphone feedback. 
DR: Microphone feedback. But if you listen long enough, there's an easter egg. 
TW: He told me that and I listened for 12 hours–
DR: Not long enough. 
TW: and in the background–
Z: Yeah, it doesn't like it's long enough. 
P: Did you hear it? 
TW: I can hardly hear anything anymore. 
P: Oh. You've broken him. Broken him with your ringtone. 
TW: That was the easter egg all along. 
Z: More than he was already broken. 
DR: Yeah. Hey, Marco? Look. This water has mucous in it. The bean bags outside your office are okay and we're ready to get to the next screen if you know what I'm saying. 
LM: I think I do, so that brings me to my numero deux...there is–
Z: Was that Spanish and French? 
LM: Yeah, that was Spanish and French. You were talking a little bit about how you wanted to get into the death races. Does that still stand? 
Z: I mean I think anything related to death and racing would probably be good.
DR: Look, I just want my truck back and I want it fixed up because it was a piece of...it was not in a good state. And I want it souped up if you can. 
LM: Dak, it's ready. What do you want? What do you want, Dak? You name one upgrade, I'll have my guys put it on. 
DR: Oh my fricking God. 
P: Flight!
Z: Woah. Okay
DR: Guys, it's my truck... 
LM: Can't do France. Can't do flight. 
P: Oh. 
DR: at the same time I am taking suggestions. 
Z: Okay, here's what I think. I think what we do is replace the whole trailer, right? Just carve it down to a nice little tiny lithe speed racer thing, right? It's like a sporty little car: you could fit all four of us in it. 
DR: Next.
P: I think that we should put more pieces on the trailer, like little pods, and then we can house other runners with us and charge them rent. 
Z: I like that alot. 
TW: Little houses? 
Z: We'll be like a charity case for the whole shadowrunning community. 
P: Little house pods. 
TW: Because I was going say a sidecar, but that–
Z: Like make a train. 
P: Like a train. Make it bigger. More. 
TW: A train.
DR: And my suggestion is surround sound. I want surround sound for the cabin. 
P: Okay, that's nice. 
Z: For a death race you want surround sound? 
DR: If you got the right tunes pumping, that's better than any drug that gives you a plus one or two to your abilities. Trust me.
TW: Plus what? 
P: That sounds inspirational. 
LM So you want surround sound? We can do surround sound. 
TW: W-w-w-wait. Waiii...
P: You didn't hear his idea. 
DR: Look. Are you–?
LM: I mean, look, here's the standard. A frigging turret. You put a gun on the top of it. 
Z: Oh, yeah. 
TW: That's kind of cool.. 
LM: Someone shoots with it. You want that? Put a gun on it. Do you want a gun on it? 
P: What if I–?
DR: Can we get a gun on it and surround sound? 
Z: Can we get a remote-controlled gun? 
LM: You can get a gun on it. 
Z: Like an auto turret? 
LM:And a...no, no. I can't do auto turret. Gotta be manual.
P: Can we get a big spike on the front so that when you drive, it just can split everything. 
TW: Like the cow catcher. 
LM: Ram. We can do rams. Do you want to do a ram? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: Can I get a big trucker hat for the top of my cabin? 
Z: That would be great. 
DR: On a spring. 
DR: And can it say, "LMFAO?" 
P: Forever. 
Z: And then there should be a button that you can press where a pair of sunglasses falls out of the hat and just falls down right in front of the windshield. 
DR: Why not? 
TW: I do have one thing I just want to say. Could the back doors, instead of opening out, could they drop like a ramp, so that?–
DR: They do that. 
TW: They do do that? 
DR: They do do that. 
LM: They do that. It's a truck. 
P: Yes, so that you could drive up. 
TW: No shit. 
Z: You mean like a truck in back of the truck? 
P: Hey, can we get three motorcycles inside? 
TW: No, like it opens and you could get something up and down? It does that?
Z: Yeah, a motorcycle? 
P: Yeah it does that. 
DR: It's got a ramp that comes out and it's even got a lift thing that you can use.
TW: We don't...We're good. We don't need any of those parts.
P: We need motorcycles. Done. 
DR: Look, we want the hat, we want the turret, we want surround sound...
TW: We want the back thing. 
DR: and we want it three days ago. 
Z: Got to have those sunglasses fall in front of the windshield. 
LM: Let me what I can't do. Can't do the hat. 
Z: What? 
LM: Can't do the sunglasses, surround sound, or turret. Dak, you've gotta choose. 
Z: Wait, can't do the turret? 
P: Wait, can you the front pointy thing? 
LM: We could do the front point. Here's the choice: turret, front pointy thing, surround sound. 
DR: Marco, you're killing me, bud.
P: And you let him, Dak.
LM: Before you didn't know that I was going offer you any of this. 
Z: You said you were going outfit our entire vehicle for free as long as we killed that UFC ring for you.
LM: That is not what I said. 
TW: I think that–
LM: That is not what I said. 
Z: Play it back. 
LM: You guys gotta' remember who you're talking to right now. Baby, you're talking to Big Marco. 
TW: I'm starting to remember who I'm talking to. 
LM: You're talking to Big Marco of Big Marco's Stow n' Tow. 
TW: Think I know exactly who I'm talking to. 
DR: We'll do the–
TW: What? I'm sorry. 
DR: What is it? Are you getting a call, Fist Wizard? 
Z: Hey, Fist Wizard. What's up? 
DR: Is there nothing more important than us talking to Marco right now? 
LM: Why don't you turn your phone up super loud? 
TW: Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Alan, what do you want? 
P: It's Alan calling. 
Z: Are you talking to Alan on the phone right now? 
TW: I'm talking to Alan, just from the fight. Don't worry about it. 
P: Hang up with him. 
DR: Alan Thatcher? 
Z: Isn't he in the other room? 
TW: Yeah, he's in the other room. He says he has something important–
Z: Tell him you'll talk to him later. 
TW: Alright, if it's a text me. 
P: Text me? 
DR: Ask him if he wants to join our gang. 
TW: Hey, do you want to join our gang? Dak just asks. Sure. It could be Alan Thatcher and the Goofballs. 
Z: No, no. Nah. 
DR and P: No, no, no. 
Z: Hang up. Hang up. 
DR: Hey, look. We'll do the surround sound. 
LM: Surround sound it is.
DR: Nice. 
Z: You can't win every argument, right? 
DR: That's right. The woofers? 
P: The woofers. Yeah, the subwoofers. I know. Yeah, yeah. 
Z: No. 
LM: You guys know the rules of death racing, right? 
Z: Uh, don't get caught? 
P: Pretty sure they can see you, isn't it? 
DR: Finish first or else–
Z: No, I mean by like all the people chasing you. Don't get caught. 
TW: Yeah and death sounds like it'd probably be part of it. 
LM: Yeah, that's right. It's a race. That's basically it. It's a free form race. 
DR: You have to be naked. 
LM: Nope. You can wear clothes. It's an environmental challenges abound...
DR: That's news to me. 
LM: and know there are no rules. You gotta'–
DR: Last time I did death race, they told me I had to be naked.
P: That wasn't–
LM: Were you in the nudist death race? 
DR: It could have been that. 
LM: That was probably–
DR: There was a word before death race. 
LM: Did it start with an N? 
DR: It could have. 
LM: Okay.
DR: Honestly? It was nudist death race. I just remembered now. 
P: Well–
DR: Do I have to wear clothes? Can I be naked? 
LM: If you want to be naked, you can be naked. 
TW: Listen, Marco. I'm keeping my robes. I don't know what to tell you. I'm not getting naked. 
Z: Yeah, we're not going get naked just because your little freaks want to us to get–
P: Have mine. 
DR: My friends don't want to be naked, Marco. 
TW: Oh, here's the second secret update. Cameras in the frigging cabin so you could see us naked. You sicko. 
Z: Oh my God. 
P: You put cameras in there? You perv. 
Z: You little sicko. 
GR: Big Marco is turning red right now. He's just like...
LM: Okay, okay. Okay. Here's the deal. You want to death race. You can death race. Here's how it's going work. I'm setting you up for the first amateur death race of the year. It's about a few weeks out from now, okay? I've set you up a meeting tomorrow with Kannabis Jack. I thought he could teach you a thing or two. You go, you meet up with Kannabis Jack. He's one of the best racers in the game. He can teach you a couple of things and we'll set you up for the heavyweight division because you got a big truck. Does that sound good? 
DR: Marco. One thing real quick. My friends don't want to be naked. 
LM: You're going to follow me right now. 
DR: You're sitting down. 
Z: Guys I'm–
LM: You're all going–
DR: He stands up. He stands up and walks out from behind the desk. 
LM: Follow me. 
Z: Through that door? The door you're about to open? 
GR: Yeah. He's like...
LM: I'm going to show you how tough I really am. 
DR: You want me to tuck your chair in? It's just out. 
LM: You can leave it out!
DR: Alright. Alright. 
LM: I'm bringing you folks into my world. 
GR: You're walking along the thing. 
DR: Hey, Dilbo. 
GR: Yeah. Dilbo waves. 
LM: And my world is a place of power. And to this I say welcome to my power. 
GR: He walks through the door and you see all the fighters lined up against the wall being processed, being given new jobs. 
LM: So, you stick with Big Marco and you'll be big S word in Indianapolis. 
GR: And we walks through the front door and there's all these people taking pictures with microphones out. And there's a podium set up like it's a press conference.
GR: Like he's walking you guys into a press conference. And he walks up to the podium and he says...
LM: Citizens of Indianapolis. You folks might have seen on the live stream earlier today the destruction of those no good pit fighters guys. They were fighting off the books. You saw what happens to them and that’s exactly what happens when you try to run a fight ring outside of the loving hands of Big Marco of Big Marco's Truck Repair, Repo, Tow n' Stow. And now I present, for you ladies and gentlemen, the heroes who did it. Put your hands together–
Z: Uh oh. 
DR: I didn't know. We're going be–
GR: And he starts applauding and he steps away from the podium and he gives a gesture for you guys to come up. There's no applause. Just flickers of cameras and like...
MM: Dak Rambo–
GR: even with the mics out. 
MM: Dak Rambo's covering his face a little bit. 
DR: I didn't know we were going be on cameras. 
TW: Should I saw a few words?
Z: Yeah, get up there, Tech.
P: Say something. 
TW: Hi. My name is...you probably know my name. I'm Fist Wizard. Help me out here, Z. 
[GR voices Random Guy 1 (RG1)]: Hey, that guy looks like the Tech Wizard. 
TW: Hey, no he doesn't. 
RG1: That one kid's program. 
TW: No. No he–
[GR voices Random Guy 2 (RG2)]: Oh, yeah. I remember that show. Yeah, I remember that show. It's still on. 
[Blair voices Random Guy3 (RG3)]: Oh hell yeah. Duff. 
TW: Fuck, dude. 
DR: We're all wanted criminals. We've all committed crimes. 
Z: Hi. We mainly did this because we were...
P: paid. 
Z: Yeah, paid well. 
P: Big Marco has a big key in his office for the city and you can get in anyone's house. 
TW: Very impressive. 
LM: And there you have it. Big Marco –
DR: Hold on. Yeah. And I'm Dak Rambo. And I'm 6'1 and I'm 210 pounds of muscle. 
P: Love, they can see you. 
DR: And I am currently single right now. So if there's anyone watching this and says, "That guy's handsome." And my phone number is 3-0-1–
Robot Voice: 5-5-5. 
DR: 5-8-4-8. Just give me a call. 
GR: Big Marc–
Z: Video call is better. Voice calls he doesn't really answer too much. 
DR: Yeah. 
GR: Big Marco walks up and is like...
LM: That's it. You want to talk to these fellas, you can talk to these fellas, but that's the end of this frigging press conference. Nighty night. 
CT: What? 
GR: And he turns around and he walks away and there's a lot of flashing and people saying like...
[GR voices Smartly Fullip (SF)]: Excuse me. Excuse me. 
DR: Yes. 
SF: I've got a question for, yes, okay, Smartly Fullip of the NBB "Tonight's the Night News at 101.com." Do...
Z: That's a mouthful. 
SF: you feel regret for the things you have done? 
Z: Tech, I think that's your department.
DR: Look, does a seagull feel regret for taking a crap on someone at the beach? Next question. 
[GR voices Frankless Peerdip (FP)]: Yeah, this is me. Hi. This is Frankless Peerdip of Chocolate Tuesday's "Old Chocolate on the Tuesday."
DR: I've heard of it. 
FP: Now let's go–
Z: How's Chocolate doing?
FP: Chocolate, he couldn't make it, but what's your sign?
TW: Next. If Chocolate couldn't make it..
Z: Next. 
P: What's your sign? 
DR: We'll hold out for Chocolate, buddy. 
Z: You get Chocolate over here, we'll answer any questions.
[GR voices Bernie Scanbo (BS): Hello? 
TW: Or you over there. 
BS: Yes. this is Bernie Scanbo and–
Z: Bernie Scanbo? 
DR: Dak Rambo! 
P: Bernie Scanbo!
DR: Nice to meet you. 
BS: Bernie Scanbo of "Doctors Need to Know: The Podcast for Doctors." 
BS: What do you think about the state of doctors in the Fractured United States in this future? 
Z:I will say one thing that was definitely missing from the fight ring we broke up was a medical professional of any kind. A lot of fighters were... 
Z: pretty much fighting to the death, so it would have been nice to get some medicine in there, you know? 
P: Yeah, pretty much. 
TW: Some of us I would say don't need medicine. 
P: Some of us I'd say are full of ourselves and our abilities to heal others. 
TW: Don't you talk about my friend Pox like that. She is wonderful. 
P: Thanks.
DR: I think doctors are all bad and I think nurses are all good. Next? 
[GR voice Keydis Philbin (KP)]: Uh, final question. My name is Keydis Philbin. I gotta know. Where do you get the suits?
TW: The suits? 
P: Like our clothes? 
KP: Where do you dress the way you guys dress. 
P: Oh, yeah. 
KP: What's your thing?
DR: You would be–
P: We pretty much collect items that we find on our quests; and, as you can see here, a number of bandanas carefully displayed on my friend, which we acquired from...where did we get those? 
Z: It's a whole grab bag operation. Masters of disguise never reveal their secrets, but I am willing to give away this eye patch. 
GR: The crowd is dissipating now. 
BB: And then he just takes off the eye patch and whips it into the crowd. 
CT: Does anybody grab it? 
GR: No. People like jump away. 
ES: Somehow Z–
MM: Dak Rambo goes into the audience and picks it up. Puts it in his pocket. 
GR: The crowd is dissipating now, and they're all packing up and scooting out. 
TW: It's not a bad idea if we're going to be a group, right? We need two things. We need a name first of all, just still–
P: And we need fame. 
TW: Fame. We need three things. 
TW: We need a name, we need fame–
DF: And we need shame. 
TW: We need shame to keep us humble. We need four things. We need: name, fame, shame–
Z: We add six, right? 
P: Shame and blame. Be able to take the blame. 
TW: Blame. We're eventually going to get to what you said, Z, but we need those four things and then we also need–
Z: Do they all have to rhyme with 'name'? 
P: And 'zame' of course. 
TW: Outfits. 
Z: Outfits.
DR: My friend Zame. 
Z: Well it doesn't–
GR: Diblo walks out and says...
D: Big Marco wanted you have this message. He says it's the address of Kannabis Jack. You're supposed to meet him tomorrow around noon. 
Z: I'll take that. 
DR: Hey, Dilbo? 
MM: There's a little cabinet in Dilbo's tummy. 
MM: And Dak opens the cabinet and looks inside and reaches in and pulls out a bunch of sweets. 
P: Ah, yes! I want some. 
TW: Guys. 
P: Please. Please. Give me one. 
D: Dak, that was extremely invasive.
P: Give me them. 
DR: Dilbo? 
GR: Dilbo just turns around and...
TW: I'll take it. 
P: Smell it. 
GR: Waddles away. 
DR: Guys, I feel bad about how Dilbo didn't like that. 
Z: I think we all have a bad taste in our mouth. 
DR: I never feel about turning a tv on or turning a tv off. I'm going, I’ve got to talk to Dilbo. 
CT: We stay outside. He wants to talk to Dilbo. 
DR: Hey, Dilbo. 
D: Yeah? What. 
DR: Old Dak Rambo is just real sorry about reaching into your tummy back. I have to be honest. In the moment, I just thought you were another appliance and a tool, but I guess the real tool was Dak Rambo for forgetting his old friend, Dilbo. So if I could do anything for you to make it up, I will. And if you want to reach your hand in my tummy, pull out a candy. You won't find any, but...
GR: Dilbo holds up his hand and he reaches over to your stomach and he grabs it. He just kind of grabs it. 
MM: It's all muscle, but I don't know what he's grabbing. 
GR: And he lets go and he's like...
G: Now we're even. 
DR: Yeah, now we're even. Alright, Diblo. I'm going to get'cha. I'm just kidding, buddy. 
D: Okay. 
Z: Hey, Dak? 
DR: Yeah, Z?
Z: It just kind of sounds like you're overstaying your welcome in there. 
DR: You're right. 
Z: Did you apologize, buddy? 
DR: He touched my tummy, I touched his tummy. 
Z: Yeah, I feel like you could probably get out of there now. 
DR: Hey, Dilbo? 
D: Yeah, Dak? 
DR: Sorry. 
D: Okay. 
MM: Wave goodbye.
GR: Hey, what's up podcast freaks? 
MM: And podcast friends. 
GR: It's Gannon Reedy. 
MM: And I'm Mike Migdall, and I'm sitting at this wonderful table with a bunch of good friends. 
CT: It's your boy, Casey Toney. 
ES: Your girl, Eleni Sauvageau. 
BB: And your other boy, Blair Britt. 
GR: And it's your boy Gannon Reedy one more time. 
MM: And it's also great to be here. 
GR: And it's good to be here. And we're in the pocket dimension. 
MM: Thank you so much to the One Shot Network who hosts us graciously. There seems to be more foam on the walls every time we get here,
BB: which is good. That's what you want out of a recording studio. Every time you get here, there's more sound proofing. 
CT: Yeah, one single less echo per episode. Hey, guys. Thanks for listening. 
GR: Yeah. That rocks. 
MM: We've been getting more than just listeners. We've gotten an artist. 
BB: Someone and friends. 
MM: And friends. 
P: Someone named "The Boyd." Right? 
MM: Someone named The Boyd drew us a picture of our NeoScum characters, and it's really cool. And if you like cool art of the NeoScum characters, then go check him out on Twitter at twitter.com/theboyd. 
GR: It rips. It rocks. It rips out of control and it's good, but the next person who does fan art and draws me...guess what? You'll make my mom happy. 
CT: Yeah, you gotta' draw Gannon. 
MM: Please draw Gannon for the love of God. It's getting weird. 
GR: Guys, this is a real pleated draw–me. There's not enough pictures of me out there. 
CT: Here's the thing, guys. Follow @NeoScum on Twitter. Follow each of us on Twitter, so you can see what we look like and draw us. And be sure to review our podcast. We've been getting great ratings and reviews from good new friends out there, so thank you for that. 
ES: And guys, I just want to say one other thing about The Boyd's little fanart. It's very cute, and I think it's great. 
CT: Yes. 
BB: Little cute, little cute little sprites. 
P: Little cute little sprites. Love it. 
CT: Could, eh–?
BB: Alright, guys. Well, we really gotta' jump right back into the dangerous world of NeoScum. 
MM: Wait, do we have to? 
GR: Yeah, it's that time, Mike. 
BB: So, from our popscicle-sticky hands to yours...
MM: Good night. 
BB: Have a good night. 
GR: First let me do an ad for Stamps.com. 
CT: We do have to this ad for Stamps.com. 
BB: Is that real? 
GR: Wake up, everyone. You guys step outside and the truck pulls up. So, the truck pulls up and its got Big Marco's face on the side of it and it says, Big Marco's Truck Repair, Repo, Tow n' Stow and his face that he's on and he's like smiling real big and his hair's all slicked back. 
DR: We're going to get this repainted as soon as possible. Do not worry, comrades. 
[GR voices Elderly Orc Lady (EOL)]: You. You guys.
GR: You see there's an elderly orc lady passing by. 
EOL: You're the guys from the tv. You know? You, you've killed–
TW: You've seen my show? 
EOL: You've killed all those fighters. 
P: Yeah. 
EOL: You killed...
P: Uh-huh.
EOL: You–
Z: That was mainly this guy over here. This is Fist Wizard. 
TW: Hi. 
Z: He murders with reckless abandon.
EOL: You think you are heroes? 
Z: Honestly...
P: We didn't–
DR: Wait, look. Dak–
EOL: You are not heroes. You are scum! You are scum!
TW: Sc–Jesus. 
EOL: You are just the new scum. That's what you are. You're the new scum. 
Z: Okay, well–
EOL: You're just the new scum. 
Z: I think that IP is actually already claimed.
P: Oh, you're scum, lady. 
GR: She marches away. 
MM: Hey, no. I'm marching back to her. 
DR: Hey, we are not scum, lady. Some of us are good people. 
EOL: Well, good people don't kill people. Maybe you should think about that.
DR: Yeah, well good people– 
Z: Hey, good people kill people all the time. 
DR: Yeah, they're called heroes. 
EOL: Wrong!
DR: Look, good people don't come up to a bunch of people they just saw on tv and start heckling them. 
EOL: Ah, stop bothering me. 
DR: You stop bothering me. 
EOL: I'm scared now. 
P: Lady, you're scum. 
Z: Where are you going right, huh? 
P: You're scum. 
DR: She's following me. 
EOL: Stop it. Stop it! I'm an old woman. 
Z: Where are you walking right now, huh? 
P: You're scum. 
EOL: No, you're going to follow me home?
Z: No, I–
DR: Hey, here's 10 Nuyen. You take this money. We're good. You say we are good. 
EOL: Ah, you keep your money. It is stained in blood. 
Z: Okay. Thank you. You are a good person for giving us money like we attempted to do to you. Thank you.
EOL: Ah, leave me alone!
CT: Tech Wizard casts Physical Barrier. Makes a little dome around the old woman. We're going; to talk this out. 
DR: Oh, God. Come on, Tech. You gotta magic her? 
Z: Hey. 
CT: I got my fingers up. 
TW: What? 
Z: Look. I just–
GR: Did you cast it? 
CT: No, I said that out loud and I'm about to. 
Z: Hey, are you about to cast Physical Barrier? because I remember your hand gestures from back when you did that the first time? 
DR: Wow. Encyclopedia Brown over here. 
Z: I have all the footage on my ocular drone, so I can pretty much view it. 
P: This lady's old. 
GR: This lady's running away very slowly. 
TW: I'm not going to hurt her. We were following and I was trying to–
Z: Hey, hey. Do you think this physical barrier idea could potentially create a situation somewhat similar to it? 
DR: Damn, she's down the road. She got on a little bicycle, and she biked away. 
Z: Damn. And she is biking way fast. 
TW: We're not scum.
P: We're not scum. 
DR: We're the new scum
P: The new scum. 
TW: New scum. 
P: We're not heroes, either. 
DR: Guys, my truck looks like garbage right now. I can't believe Marco his dumb ass face all over it. 
P: Truck looks like scum. 
Z: But at least we can always remember what he looks like. 
P: What? 
DR: At least that. 
P: At least that. At least–
Z: I'm just saying there's advantages, you know? 
DR: Name one advantage. 
Z: I mean like we can remember what he looks like. That's one person we never have to be like, "Oh. I'm going actively try to remember what Big Marco looks like." 
P: But don't you always remember what people look like? 
Z: I guess I was just talking about you guys. 
DR: He's a Decker, you know? Thinks like a Decker. He's trying to free up our RAM in our head. That's pretty cool. 
Z: I say we keep the paint exactly as is, except we erase all the words and then say, "This guy sucks" and then an arrow towards his face. 
P: Oh my God. 
DR: Oh my God. Look. That old lady is coming back with a gun. 
P: Oh my God!
EOL: I am going to kill you!
DR: Oh, run away!
P: No, no, no, no. 
BB: Are we going roll for initiative?
GR: Do you want to engage in combat with this lady? 
P: Yep. I–
Z: Wait, is she–?
GR: She's moving slow enough you could get in the truck and drive away. 
DR: Let's get in the truck and drive away. 
Z: Let's get in the truck. 
DR: It's bad enough that she shot us with her word bullets. 
TW: Hey, listen, lady. We're not scum, okay? 
EOL: You're scum. New scum. Neoscum.
P: You're scum! You're scum! You're scum!
EOL: Neoscum! Neoscum! Neoscum! 
TW: Guys, I am about to put a barrier around this lady. 
MM: Dak Rambo–
TW: Stopping. 
MM: Dak Rambo picks up Fist Wizard and is holding him like–
Z: Simba.
MM: Rafiki held Simba and he holds him up and he's running at full speed. 
BB: Just like The Lion King.
CT: At the woman? 
MM: Away from the woman just like The Lion King. Come on, guys. Get in the van. 
TW: That lady was just a frigging boy. 
MM: I know. I can't believe it, but–
Z: I mean the interior of this truck has never looked cleaner than it does right now. 
DR: I don't know where anything is. 
TW: Yeah, where's the vaseline? There was a whole compartment full of vaseline over here. 
DR: I would love to know where that vaseline went because vaseline is not cheap. 
TW: No. 
DR: Honestly, this stinks. 
Z: Oh, and the little, the mirrors and the little bill folds. They don't have mirrors anymore; it's just pictures of Big Marco's face. 
DR: Get out of here. Let me see that. Okay, well... 
Z: Alright, well–
DR: while we're here in this Little Marcomobile, we might as well test it out. You guys want to go...?
Z: Yeah, let's put on some movies or something. We got a whole surround sound system. 
P: Put on the surround sound. Yeah. 
TW: Yeah. 
DR: Alright. Let me go to my CD drawer. 
GR: Do you have one of those like black zip-up CD binders? 
DR: Yeah, I have that. It's underneath the driver's seat. 
MM: And I open it up and bunch of vaseline...
CT: Yes. You could say that hits the brass. 
MM: all over my face and my lap. 
DR: Marcooo!
Z: Hey, guys. I found the CDs. I think they were in the old vaseline container. 
TW: Well, wouldn't you know? 
Z: Which one were you looking for? 
P: Avril Lavigne, whoa. 
GR: Salvia, Incubus, Avril Lavigne. 
DR: Can you get Evanescence from 2001? 
DR: You know that was before magic was rediscovered. Before the six awakenings.
Z: This is all dark age shit. I'm surprised you even have this. 
TW: I feel like if I were in the old age, I would be kind of a loser, you know? I'm pretty frigging cool now because I got the magic? But that's about, I'll be real, that's about I got going for me. 
Z: You don't think you'd be the Tech Wizard if you were...you'd been born in the 90s? 1990s? 
TW: Honestly, I cannot act for shit. 
DR: Look–
TW: The only reason I am on that show is because I work for minimum wage and I can actually cast the magic, so they don't need to do after effects. 
DR: I'm sure a ton of actors would be on tv shows for no wage. 
Z: Or podcasts even. 
DR: They'd be doing a podcast for free. Losers. 
P: They might even be putting their own money into it, so who knows? 
DR: You got a....well, you had a job as a wizard on a public access show that you got paid Nuyean for. Look–
Z: But now you're a gun for hire. 
DR: And you–
P: And you got fame, shame, blame, and all the rest of it. 
DR: And Dak Rambo is your friend. You're doing all right kid. Right now, we're driving to–
Z: Neo Raising Canes. 
TW: Yep! 
DR: Yeah, we're going to Neo Raising Canes to go get some chicken wings. 
P: Chicken. 
DR: And some chicken tenders. 
Z: Right, because we don't have to meet Kannabis Jack until, what, tomorrow? 
DR: Let's live it up. Hey, how about this? There's a casino I know about. 
Z: We made a crap ton of Nuyen when we sold that weapons prototype to that one dude. 
TW: I'm pretty much rolling in it. I want to go to Raising Canes.
Z: I will warn you guys those casinos do not like me. 
P: I can understand. 
TW: I will warn you also most people don't like me. 
P: I can understand that. 
Z: Didn't have to warn us. Love you, buddy. 
DR: We're mean to each other, but we love each other. 
TW: We have fun. If I rib myself first, it doesn't hurt when you do it. 
P: Hey, in a casino do they have just money that's out in the open somewhere that I could put on my cloak and then–
TW: That's a great question. 
P: I just go grab some Nuyen. 
Z: I think honestly casinos might be one of the places where they secure currency behind some sort of locked door. 
P: but couldn't I unlock it and get in and then there's a stack of money and then we just take the stack of money. 
DR: Do you guys–?
TW: Are you talking about robbing a casino, Pox? 
Z: We're talking about a heist right now, right? 
P: No, no, no. 
DR: We're talking about a heist. Look guys. There's a Neo Hyatt Regency that has a casino on the first floor.
TW: We're NeoScum so that's perfect. 
Z: And raising neo cane inside of it.
P: Wow. Wow. 
P: I say we eat first. 
DR: I know one of the cleaning people there. You guys want to go to a pool? 
P: And go swimming? 
DR: Yeah, we go swimming? 
Z: What about robbing a casino? 
P: You don't want–
TW: There's probably a pool in the casino. 
DR: There's a pool in the casino. 
Z: We can't rob the goddamned pool, guys. 
DR: What are we going steal all the water? Fine, we're going go do a casino heist. Look, I just casually was like, "Hey, let's go to a casino. Maybe we could do some slots." Now you're talking about doing a full on freak'in bank heist? 
P: Yeah, that's what this group's all about. You throw out an idea–
CT: We have cut to the pool, but the conversation is still going. 
P: You - 
GR: You guys are at the pool. 
MM: We all have little drinks. 
Z: I mean this is pretty nice. I would feel real bad killing most of the staff at this casino and robbing them blind. 
P: Yeah. Ah, no. We don't have to kill anyone. 
TW: Yeah, I could them in little barriers. 
P: There you go. Put'em all in little barriers. 
Z: How many barriers can you have up at one point? 
TW: I'm rearing to find out. 
DR: What if we got...we went out and bought some more ammo, specifically... Cannonball! Dak Rambo–
TW: He does it every time. 
DR: takes off too soon and comes narrowly close to just smacking on the edge of the pool, but he lands in the water.
P: Ohhh. 
DR: Makes a big splash and water gets over a nearby family. 
GR: And they're like, "Yikes. Timmy's all wet." 
DR: Well, it's a pool, lady. 
Z: Hey, Dak. Don't start a fight over there, okay buddy? 
DR: No one said anything about a fight. We're just two adults having a conversation about what happens in a pool. 
GR: They look at you and then they turn around and they walk away. 
DR: Hey, Max? Max, the cleaning guy at the Hyatt I know? 
[GR voices Max (M)]: Hey, what's happening man? 
DR: Hey, Max. Thanks for letting us hang out at this pool even though we're not paying customers at this Neo Hyatt Regency. 
Z: Thanks for bringing us all these drinks without making us pay for anything. 
M: That's no problem you guys. It's nice to have friends. 
P: Cheers. 
Z: And we're definitely going to help you out, okay? so if you need help–
M: Please. I'm in so much debt. 
Z: Definitely. Absolutely. 
M: My sister needs a kidney transplant. 
DR: Does the–
P: That's probably really expensive. 
M: It is really expensive. 
DR: Is she not covered by your Neo Hyatt Regency insurance? 
M: No, no. That's the thing. It's because it's so risky, the insurance companies don't want to put out for it. 
Z: Damn. 
TW: Sure
M: That's the situation. 
TW: You ever consider holistic medicine. Get some healers, you know? 
P: There's no way you're going get the money for it. 
DR: You ever consider becoming a shadowrunner and working against all the corporations that are ... hold the leash of all of mankind? 
M: Yeah, I think about that every day, but the thing is, I'm pretty overweight, ya' know? It's just like–
Z: Oh, yeah. You know. I mean you got access to a high-quality fitness center in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency. 
M: Don't I know it? But I'm working about 60 hours a week and then going home to take care of my very sick sister, so...
Z: Is she on dialysis or is that–? 
M: Yeah, yeah. 
DR: Hey, Max. How about this? You have to be skinny, large, or medium to pull a trigger. I'm going to leave an Ares Predator IV out in the dumpster out back. You just go and pick it up before the trash men do. 
M: Wow. Thanks. And by the way, I really like that drone of your guys's. 
DR: The drone? 
M: Yeah, it's been sort of hovering around you guys. 
TW: The what? 
M: It's your drone, right? 
DR: Z, I see both of your eyeballs–
Z: Can I do a Matrix Perception check? Or is it in eyesight? 
GR: You can do an eyeball percep...someone give me an eyeball perception check. 
CT: I'll give you a perception check. 
MM: Dak Rambo is my least perceptive character. 
BB: That's intuition, right? 
GR: It's...perception I believe is a skill. 
ES: Perception. 
BB: Oh, I see. 
ES: I have five perception.
GR: Perception and intuition. 
BB: You should do it then. 
ES: I'm going do it. One. 
CT: Can we all just...if we're looking around? 
GR: Yeah. So you see an airplane really high up. A super jet. It's a super jet. 
P: Look at that plane.
BB: Pox, I don't think that's what we're looking for. 
CT: I got two. 
GR: You see another another plane. 
CT: A separate plane?
GR: Yeah, you see a different one in a different part of the sky. 
P: These drinks.
TW: Pox, what did yours look like? 
P: My had one blinking light on one side–
MM: I got three hits. 
GR: You see another plane. 
TW: Dak...
MM: Then is this the plane that they saw? Or no? 
GR: It's that, actually, you see both of the planes. That's how perceptive you are. 
MM: Nice. 
GR: You see both of the planes. 
BB: I go over to Max and I go...
Z: Can you point to the drone you're talking about? 
M: It's like right there. 
GR: And you see a drone just go and zip away.
Z: Okay. 
M: Oh, I guess he's waiting for you at home or something. 
DR: The drone is waiting for us at home. Huh. 
M: I mean I assume because he's like your drone, right? 
Z: Alright. Max, thank you for the information. Thank you for the free drinks. I hope you get to killin’ some people on Shadowrun.
M: Well, I don't know how I feel about potentially taking a life, but, hey, I can call you guys up any time? I can you up any time, right DR? 
DR: Look, are you going to use the gun I'm going to give you? because–
M: I'm going to sign up for–
DR: Darkmovers. 
M: Darkmovers. 
Z: Darkmovers. 
DR: We all met on Darkmovers.
Z: You gotta' do it. 
TW: It's great. It's–
M: That's amazing. What's your rating right now? 
DR: I think it's pretty good. 
TW: I–
DR: I haven't checked. 
Z: Honestly, group rating's real low. 
DR: Really? 
P: It is? 
Z: Oh, absolutely. 
P: Oh no. 
Z: Dak Rambo has a 2.1. 
M: Hold on. Let me check your rating right now. 
P: So he brought us down. 
TW: I'm unlisted. 
GR: He pulls up the phone. He goes, Boop Boop Boop. He's like...
M: Oh, wow. You guys just got a really negative review. This guy says you ripped him off and you forced him to pay twice the amount of money or else you were going leak really important information. He gave you 1 1/2 stars. 
DR: Hey, not too shabby. Not as good as my rating of 2.1, but still pretty good. 
P: And he was a nasty man, so...
Z: Also, he was really, I mean, you gotta' tighten up some of the security protocol, right? 
Z: I mean this guys pretty much just got robbed by people who walked into his office. 
M: There's that drone again. Oh, wait. No. It's just an airplane. 
DR, TW, and Z: Max. 
Z: You need help, buddy. 
TW: Guys, can we huddle up? 
Z: You need a gun. 
DR: Yeah, guys. Let's huddle up. I'm still little wet, so...
Z: Hey, Max, can you give us the area? 
DR: You're in the middle of our huddle. 
M: I can't get around you guys. You're very big. 
TW: Well, Max, if you can't do this, then how can you shadowrun? 
M: Okay. 
TW: Max? 
P: Just get. Go. 
GR: He starts to try to climb over Tech Wizard. 
TW: Hey, Max I want to tell you something. it's no. Max? 
TW: It's hard to kill a man, okay. 
M: I'm scared. 
TW: But it gets easier and easier...
M: No.
TW: every time you do it. 
M: Okay. 
TW: If you want to get out of this huddle–
Z: You gotta' kill me.
TW: you're going have to kill me. You're going have to kill one of us. 
DR: Look, no one's killin' Dak Rambo. 
GR: Alright. He punches Tech Wizard. Two hits. 
TW: Fuck. Okay.
MM: He whips Tech Wizard's butt. 
GR: It just levels him. 
ES: Two. 
CT: Two. 
GR: He misses. 
DR: Go easy on him, Tech. 
TW: It's okay. It's okay. 
CT: Tech lifts his arms and steps back. 
TW: We are really going to need this huddle though. 
GR: And he walks out now because you've given him room to walk out. 
DR: We chose to do the huddle around him, so...
P: No. 
TW: I know because I wanted to do that. Did you did you guys see how freaking cool I looked just then? 
Z: I do feel like that guy going need some toughening up before he gets on Darkmovers. 
TW: Big time. 
DR: I'm going–
P: There's no way he's going sign up. 
DR: I'm not giving him any bullets. 
TW: He's going be puking a lot. 
P: Oh 
DR: Guys. That drone was just hovering around. 
TW: Yeah, that's what I wanted to talk about. The drone. 
P: The drone. 
TW: How are we going to get to the bottom of this drone business? 
Z: Well, if we get in line of sight I can probably hack it and then look at–I mean it's gotta' keep some information. 
TW: He keeps moving away.
Z: Right. That's what I'm saying though. If we get into an open area, I can probably–
DR: Guys. Let's have one of us look real quick to see if the drone is still there. 
TW: Ready? 
P: One...
TW: One...
Z: Wait. Wa–, wa–, wait. Let' decide who it is. 
TW: Three, two, one, look!
P: I'm looking. 
MM: Look. We all looked. 
ES: We all looked and did anyone see anything? 
MM: Gannon, did we see a drone? 
GR: Someone want to do a perception check minus one die? 
MM: I got–
GR: Roll that again. Take a die out. 
ES: One, two, three.
MM: I already picked a lesser amount of–
BB: No you didn't. You just picked up all of the die, didn't you? 
GR: Did you just grab a random amount? Come on. Rookie move. 
ES: Just like, "And I'm just going to grab these die." 
BB: You literally grabbed every die in–
MM: No dude. There were three other die. Look. 
ES: How embarrassing. 
MM: Now watch me pick up more die by actually looking at the rules. 
ES: There are some dice here. And roll. 
MM: I've got freaking cat eyes. I'm going roll seven die, so I'm actually need more die than I just previously rolled. 
ES: How many? 
MM: I'm going need 1,2,3,4. I'm going to need–
BB: Well, but he takes another minus one because he grabbed the wrong amount of die. 
MM: Now look. You're being a real... I got one hit this time. So, Gannon? What do I see? 
GR: You see a plane. 
ES: Can I try again? 
GR: It's not the...it's a cloud. 
Z: Can I try to roll with my ocular drone? 
GR: Okay. 
GR: You get plus one. 
BB: Fuck yeah. 
MM: I do not care about this drone anymore. Let's just go back to the truck, drive, let's go get some more food. 
BB: One hit.
GR: You succeed. You've taken the...your drone pops out of your eye, right? 
BB: Right.
GR: And sort of like looks behind you and you just see the back of Dak's head, you see a cloud that looks like an airplane, and you see a lot of families just sort of looking at you guys in a huddle right now. 
ES: I want to try again. 
P: I'm going see it, just let me look. 
GR: Okay, minus one. Rock'in. 
MM: Nope. 
ES: One. 
BB: Wrong. 
GR: Oh my God. 
MM: I'm going again. 
GR: Oh my God. Minus three at this point. 
P: Just keep looking.
ES: Two. 
MM: Ha, cha, cha. This one is rerolled because it was uneven. It looks like three. 
ES: Three.
GR: Okay. You don't see anything. 
MM: Well that's fucking stupid.
ES: Wait. I gave it my best try. 
BB: Okay, dudes. 
CT: Alright. Enough. 
BB: Get ready for 15 more perception rolls. 
GR: You gotta' take another...every time you do this, you gotta' take a die off. 
MM: Because my eyes are hurting. 
ES: Oh wait. I gotta' take one off?
GR: So you guys are just spinning around looking around. Like you look back and you just like spin you–
ES: I got three. 
GR: You got three. You don't see anything. Look. Enough!
CT: Guys. 
BB: Okay, wait. If you're a Patreon subscriber and you're listening to these perception rolls and you're like, "Man, I bet they rolled way more than that," then check out our extra content for a full extended cut of just how many times we rolled. 
ES: I'm looking again. 
GR: Did you take off another dice? 
ES: I did. I got two that time. 
TW: Guys, did you notice that once Max left, we stopped seeing the drone. 
ES: Going.
Z: Are you telling us to kill Max? I feel like we already talked about that. 
TW: I'm not–
DR: Look, Max is my friend, alright? 
TW: I just am saying it's a little weird that Max saw the drone. 
DR: I didn't tell you this, but look, Max is my sister's kid. 
BB: Not your kid? 
DR: No, he's not my kid. He's my sister's kid. 
TW: And who isn't Dak's kid? 
Z: I know right? That's what I was saying. 
DR: Ha, ha, ha. Very funny. I have a lot of kids. 
TW: That was very cruel of me. I want to apologize. 
P: You don't even know all your kids. 
Z: I feel like you're the bad dad. 
DR: Guys, let's huddle up. 
P: Huddle up? 
DR: Yeah, huddle and gently throw insults in my face. 
TW: No, the–
GR: You guys are huddled up. There's a seven-year-old child looking all up at your–
DR: Hey.
Z: Hey, kiddo. Hey. Hey kid. 
DR: If you want out, you're going to have to kill one of us. 
P: Right? 
Z: If you want out kiddo, you're going to have to kill the ugliest one in the group. 
TW: Ohhhh. 
Z: Can you tell us who that would be if you had to do it. 
P: Who is going to be? 
GR: His face turns cold and he looks at Dak Rambo. And he swings a punch at his knees. And he missed and it glances off and it doesn't hurt very much. 
DR: He said ugliest, not the most handsome trucker on the road. 
P: Hey, Richard. Take this little truck...
ES: And then she hands him another one of the little souvenier trucks... 
P: and why don't you try throwing it at one of their faces?
MM: And the second you hand it to him Dak Rambo smacks it out of his hands. 
CT: And just as that happens, Tech Wizard Va Va Va Voom. Flashes back, right? Vavoom! And it's a sepia tone. And it's, you see like film grain. And you see little Tech Wizard with a little metal ball that he's making it move around his hand without touching. And he's doing that. And then, he's on the school yard and some big–
BB: Ogre.
CT: No he's a human. 
BB: Okay. 
CT: That's very revealing of you. But he's a human and he comes over and he slaps it out of his hand and kicks sand in Tech Wizard's face and then brutally beats his ass. Brutally tears him to pieces. It cuts to Tech Wizard's Grandmother wiping the blood off of his face. And Tech Wizard's crying. And she's like...
[Casey voices Grandmother (G)]: You listen to me. You don't let bullies win. If you let them walk all over you, they will make you a floor mat. Next time that happens, you gotta' fight back. 
CT: And it cuts back. It's the next day. The kid comes over. He knocks the ball out of Tech Wizard's hand again and Tech Wizard stands up and he spreads his hands and you see little bit of static electricity and then the kid beats the shit out of Tech Wizard. He just brutally just like even harder this time. And it cuts back to the modern age and–
BB: And Te–
CT: And Tech Wizard is alive with electricity. You see hair, people's hair, is standing on end. 
GR: His hair is standing up like a Super Saiyen. 
CT: And, uh,–
MM: Oh, before you do anything, Dak Rambo has a flashback where it's like, he just has this flashback and it's like, Vroom, it goes back in time to a huge party Dak Rambo's at as a teenage at a huge mansion where the parents are gone and it's all just teens throwing a crazy party. And Dak Rambo is on the roof of this house, and there's everyone around the pool. There's a pool outside just like there's a pool here and everyone's just like, "Dak, Dak, Dak, Dak, Dak, Dak, Dak." And Dak Rambo holds up a red cyber solo cup and pours it all over himself before screaming like a hooligan and jumping into the pool and he makes a huge splash. And then Dak Rambo looks at the pool that he's at and remembers that moment. 
CT: And just as that happens,
GR: Oh no. 
Z: A flashback. 
CT: Tech Wizard discharges.
BB: Zenith flashes back for a second as he remembers nothing from his childhood. Just white noise. 
ES: Pox looks into the little boy's eyes and zooms all the way into his eye where she sees a snow globe that she used to have when she was a little girl that her and her sister would take turns hiding around the house. And one day she came home and it was shattered on the floor because her dad had gotten mad at them and knew it was the most important thing that they shared–and broke it. And that was the moment that she knew she had to kill him. 
GR: In the reflection of the kid's eyes you see a movement. You spin your hand around and you see a drone dip out of your sight. You see written on on the side of the drone, "Forget." 
P: You guys. 
GR: Cut to Tech Wizard who's going.
CT: An aimless electric discharge happens. 
MM: Oh my God. 
CT: Say, it's at a force three because it's unwilling. 
GR: Okay. 
CT: So, three hits. 
GR: Who's it going towards? 
CT: It was Dak who smacked the truck out the kid's hand. 
MM: Going at Dak. 
CT: Going at Dak.
MM: Should I also have a minus just because I did not see this coming? 
GR: Yeah, that's good. 
BB: No way. 
GR: You're thinking about the pool. Oh no, you're wet, too man. 
MM: Four hits. No, five hits. 
CT: Oh, hell yeah. 
GR: So how about this? So you're like and you didn't see any of this. You've been looking at the pool and you go, "Cannonball!" And you just jump into the pool right as the electricity bolt just blasts the ground underneath you. 
MM: Dak doesn't even know that Tech Wizard just shot electricity at me. 
DR: You guys, it is not as deep as I thought it was right here. 
GR: The kid is gone now. Ran away. 
CT: Tech Wizard is terrified. And so–
BB: And everybody's looking at us. 
Z: Do you guys want to go back to the truck? 
TW: I want to go back to the truck. 
Z: Dak, are you okay? Are you sitting down right now? 
DR: This is the kiddy pool.
Z: Geez. 
DR: By the way that little kid was around us. 
BB: Z reaches his arm into the pool to grab Dak. Help him out. 
DR: Thanks buddy. 
CT: Oh, thankfully Tech Wizard resists drain. 
DR: Hey, guys. Just remember to get all the towels that we brought, wink? 
P: Right. 
MM: And I just pick up a bunch of dirty towels. I use one towel to carry all the other towels. I make a...
BB: A towel bag? 
DR: A towel bag out of a towel
P: You guys, I saw something.
DR: What did you see? 
P: I saw the drone. I saw the drone. And I'm not sure if what I saw on the drone is what I think I saw on the drone, but I think I saw what I saw on the drone. 
TW: What? 
DR: Was it just a plane? because I saw three planes. 
Z: There's a lot of planes going around. 
P: It was not a plane. It was definitely a drone. And on the side there was...I think they're following me. 
TW: What? 
P: Me. 
DR, Z, and TW: Why? 
TW: What? 
P: I think I have to...I don't know. It's not safe. That–
TW: Did it have a–
DR: Give us an exposition. 
Z: Woah. Woah. What did it say? 
P: It said, "Forget." It's the name of my family's company. 
GR: You guys are walking through the hotel now. 
DR: Your family has a company? 
P: Yeah, my family owns the largest...it's like in the old days. Like Walmart. 
Z: Oh, geez. 
P: It's like the new, new–
Z: Walmart was huge...
Z: until the leaders of the company all committed ritual suicide. 
DR: They're in another plane now. 
Z: On the moon. 
P: Here's hoping that what happens with this company as well. 
DR: That's your family. 
P: That is my family, but they're evil people. And they're after me. They want me to come back. I don't know what they want to do to me–
Z: It sounds like they found you. 
P: Yeah, sounds like. 
Z: Do you have any way of contacting them? 
TW: Should we be worried? 
DR: Look, are we going to have hired goons coming after us? Because Pox–
Z: I love me some hired goons. 
DR: I–I've enjoyed these last couple of days. I've enjoyed these missions that we've done. These have been fun, but if you have some big hitters coming at you...
Z: You're going to leave Pox to die...
P: I guess I can you out then, huh? 
Z: to the big hitters? 
DR: Look. 
P: I don't know how I'm going to fight them alone. 
Z: Just a few little hired goons are scaring little baby Dak Rambo out of here? 
DR: Look, Zenith. I'm not throwing out my neck for someone I just did two missions with. 
Z: Oh, like Tech Wizard? 
DR: Tech Wizard I've done four missions with. He's my brother and I will drink his blood. 
Z: Well, then it sounds like we gotta' do–
CT: Tech Wizard looks super-fucking guilty right now. 
Z: Well it sounds like we just gotta' do a couple of more missions with Pox and then you'll be cool then, right? 
GR: You get to the truck and you see the old lady. She's got a spray paint can and she's spray painted "NeoScum" on the side of your truck. 
EOL: That's what you are. You're neoscum. 
DR: That's looks freaking cool. It's right over Marco's face. 
EOL Neoscum. 
P: Stop!
Z: I actually...this is a vast improvement over what it used to look like. 
TW: Hey, thank you. 
P: We like you. 
DR: Do you do graffiti often? 
EOL: Yes, I love to tag. 
Z: Oh yeah? 
EOL: Yes. 
Z: Well, we're not going stop you. How much longer do you think it would take for you to really redo the whole side of this truck? 
EOL: You're scum!
DR: Okay but how long? 
DR: We got that. 
EOL: I hate you people!
P: Keep going. 
DR: NeoScum. Well, okay. 
Z: Here's a cred stick. It has 500 Nuyen on it. 
GR: She throws her thing and it bonks above your heads and it explodes behind you, 
DR: It was–
GR: and then she's hobbling away. Yeah, she's trying to–
CT: She tries to hobble away, but Tech Wizard creates a barrier around the truck and the group of them. 
MM: Oh God. 
CT: Just a barrier, just force four. What is it? It's like four times four meters or something?
GR: Sounds good to me. 
MM: 16 meters? Truck's bigger than that. 
CT: Three hits. 
MM: Your truck's way bigger than that. 
TW: So, lady? This is our life. 
GR: She's banging against the side.
EOL and DR: Let me out. Let me out. 
TW: No, no. Hold on. Dak
MM: Dak Rambo's banging next to her. 
TW: All I'm saying is all you have to do is tag the rest of the truck like our friends asked you to.
Z: Tech, she's not even looking at you right now. 
TW: Hey, hey, hey, lady? I'm–
GR: She takes out a gun. 
TW: Oh, Jesus. Oh, you remind me of my grandma, so I'm not going to shoot you with a lightning bolt, but my friend asked a perfectly reasonable question. He said, "Will you spray paint the rest of our truck?" 
Z: Uh, Tech, I just want to say I'm no longer with you on this. 
TW: Well, we're in the fucking dome, so I don't know what you–
Z: I'm just saying I'm one of the guys now who's inside the dome trying to get out of the dome. 
DR: I'm as well, and–
Z: I'm on team Get out of the Dome.
DR: This is what? Is it force a thousand? The whole thing is nuts.
TW: How many–?
Z: Crazy. You can do this on command? 
TW: I don't get why whenever I put people in a dome, they're so fricking mad about it. 
GR: She turns around and she fires the gun against the dome and the bullet ricochets. 
MM: She shoots Dak Rambo in the eyeball. 
MM: It's an incendiary bullet.
BB: He died. 
ES: Dak Rambo died.
BB: The exit wound is massive. 
MM: Oh my God. His brains spill all over his truck. That didn't happen. Dak Rambo burns an edge. 
CT: That didn'–not cannon.
BB: Still alive. 
TW: Alright, so...okay. So, everybody wants out of the barrier. Tech Wizard can't cast a barrier anymore without people wanting to get out of it. 
DR: I'm alive. 
Z: Well, I mean, you don't have to take it down. How bullets do we have to shoot at it before it
disintegrates? 
TW: Well I mean it's like a wall. It's a healthy–
DR: That bullet almost took my fricking dome off. 
TW: She hit it at an angle. 
DR: We're in a dome and my dome was almost domed in. 
Z: Remember when Dak pretended that the bullet went straight through his eye and exploded inside of his brain? 
TW: It was pretty funny. 
P: Hey, lady. What's your name?
P: What's your–
GR: She fires the gun again. Ahh!
MM: And that bullet...
ES: goes right in Pox's hair. 
CT: Guys, we're going to mediate this. We are not leaving until this lady is my friend. 
BB: Can you–?
EOL: I want to get out. 
TW: Hey, hey. What's your name? 
EOL: My name is, You're Dead Meat Bitch!
GR: Points the gun at you and she she shoots you. 
CT: Okay.
MM: Listen the NeoScum podcast where we'll go into a man's hotel room and whoop his ass or...
ES: capture an old lady. 
MM: Agro an old lady with a gun. And then trap her and make her kill all of our characters for you, the listener. Any bystander you want us to come assault or–
BB: If you've got suggestions of a random passerby for us to harm or molest...
MM: maybe a mailman or a little baby in a stroller that's been left unattended by a fountain, we'll dunk the baby into the fountain. 
CT: The intentions are pure. 
MM: We're roleplaying the characters. Three.
GR: Three. 
ES: And we just want our truck painted. 
GR: Okay, the bullet misses you. 
MM: Thank God. 
TW: Alright. Jesus. 
BB: He drops the barrier. 
TW: Fucking Christ. You shot right at me. 
GR: She hobbles away and hops on her bicycle and starts to bicycle away. 
Z: Hey, Tech. Put her back in a barrier. 
TW: Hey, don't tempt me with a good time, man.
P: Can I try to intimidate her to just paint the truck? 
MM: It looks good. 
GR: How do you want to intimidate her? She's on her bicycle. 
CT: But she's got a gun. 
P: I'm going to run after her. 
BB: Yeah, you take a minus five because you're running while you take– 
ES: But I'm an Adept. I'm so good at running. I've got five running. 
MM: Running is inherently not scary. 
ES: I'm running and I'm like...
P: Listen!
GR: Okay, so I tell you...let's say you're running at her bicycle yelling at her to paint. 
P: You need to come back and paint this truck. We need you! 
MM: Dak hops in the truck. He's like a–
BB: Zenith is also in the truck. 
GR: Okay. So, you guys in the truck. You are running exactly next to her giving her the ugliest look like...
EOL: No! 
GR: "You have to paint our truck!" 
EOL: Please!
P: Okay. Let's see. What could that be? 
MM: Can I burn an edge to put her in the car?
Z: Put her in the car. She's in the car, she's wrapped up in a bunch of towels. 
DR: We got'em. We got a bunch of towels, guys. 
BB: Yeah, can we just get an inventory check on how many towels we managed to get away with? 
MM: Hold on. Let me roll an arbitrary amount of die. 
BB: It's like: one, four, fix, six, ten.
GR: How many towels do you have? 
MM: 12.
BB: 11, 15 towels. 
MM: 15 towels. 
BB: We've got 15 towels.
MM: And they're all off white. 
BB: Like can you roll for thread count? 
MM: Looks like a 100 thread count each. 
BB: Damn. 
ES: Would we call this like–
MM: It's pretty bad. 
CT: Yeah, we just...thick fibers–
BB: That's really, really... 
ES: Athletics and...
MM: Course fibers. 
CT: Course. 
MM: Thank you. 
CT: It's just like wicker. 
ES: strength? 
GR: Yeah, sure. 
ES: Okay.
MM: We never did find out her name. 
ES: I got a one.
CT: A one. 
GR: And she just bicycles off. And she's like...
EOL: You're neoscum. You're neoscum.
CT: Yeah, we– 
MM: The truck pulls up to where you're now panting. 
TW: Thank you. It looks cool. 
Z: I don't think she can hear you, Tech. 
DR: I don't think she wants to hear us, Tech. 
TW: I'm going...
Z: Put her back in a barrier.
DR: No, no, no. No more barriers, alright? You know some shadowrunners do mission where they...
P: rob casinos. 
DR: They rob casinos. They steal technology from the big corporations. 
Z: And say, "Fuck you," to the man, but not here. 
DR: Not here. 
DR and P: No. 
DR: Did someone beef? It smells like somebody beefed. 
Z: Somebody beefed hard. 
DR: Someone beefed and we're not...I'm not pressing the gas. You know what? 
P: Was it you? 
DR: It wasn't me, alright? Look, Dak Rambo didn't beef, alright? 
P: You know what they say. 
DR: Okay, fine. He who heard the beef...
P: has heard it and smelled it and did. 
Z: He who beefed it squeaked it too. 
P: He did it. 
DR: Look. One question we don't ask is, "Where's the beef?" Because the beef is in the cabin. And, uh, look I'm not–
Z: Pox, get in here.
P: ALright. I– 
DR: Who beefed?
P: It wasn't me. I'm not even inside. 
Z: Also, it most definitely wasn't me. 
DR: Tech? 
TW: Dude, if I beefed you would know. 
P: Is someone else in the truck? 
DR: Well–
P: Is someone else in the truck? Hello? 
DR: Max? 
M: Hey, guys. It's me. I wanted to join you. I–I beefed. 
BB: What's that? Another NPC who comes across the NeoScum crew? 
DR: What is an NPC? Max? Look, I know you want to be a shadowrunner–
M: I went over to the dumpster, but the gun wasn't there. 
DR: I forgot to put it there. Good call. That's a first test of a shadowrunner. You gotta' call people. because you never know if a Mr. Johnson, that's the people who gives you the mission, is trying to pull your leg. That's what I was doing. 
P: Sorry. 
M: Please can I join you guys? 
Z: Oh, boy. 
DR: Max, you–
M: I'm... slow. 
DR: You're my sister's kid, alright? She would kill me if I she found I that I made you a shadowrunner? 
M: Yeah, that's true. 
P: What's a–
M: Why does your sister always tell me I should call you dad? 
DR: You don't call your mother my sister, alright. You call her mom. And that is a funny joke. Next. 
M: She says to call her Dak's sister and call you dad. 
Z: Dak, I'm looking at your family records and it doesn't look like you have a sister. 
DR: Look. Your mom says some crazy stuff because as I remember she does a lot of drugs. It's probably why you're working as pool boy at a Neo Regency, but if you want to be a shadowrunner, download the app Darkmovers. Or better yet–don't. Go to college. Get an education. Do that–
Z: Fight the man from the inside. 
DR: Fight the man from the inside. Not everyone can put bullets in the heads of random passerby who make eye contact with you like we've seem to be doing. But, Max, really–
P: We try. We try. 
DR: That fart smells horrible. Seriously. 
M: I've been so broke. All I can do is do sneak in the kitchen and eat the beans without the chef seeing me because if he sees me, he hits me. 
DR: Wait a second. 
Z: Beans? 
P: So you're a–
DR: I'm getting a phone call right now.
TW: Who is it? 
M: Anyway, I guess I'm going to go now. 
Z: Yeah, Max. Get the fuck out of here. 
M: Bye, dad. 
DR: No. Dak. 
GR: He leaves. Beans is calling. 
DR: It's Beans. 
TW: Oh. Do you need me to do an illusion? 
GR: Video. Video.
DR: Let's do it. 
TW: You're going apologize. 
DR: We'll see. 
TW: The Dak I love would never apologize. 
DR: Well, guess what? You're going to love me after this. 
DR: Hello? 
Z: It's a video call, Dak. 
MM: He has a shot of my ear. 
[GR voices Beans (B)]: Why am I looking at the inside of your ear? 
DR: Who's this. 
B: It's Beans. 
DR: Who?
B: Fella' who barfed inside of me car, stuck a gun in me snout. Alright. The League of Truckers you had something you wanted to say to me? 
DR: They said that, huh? 
B: Aye, they did. 
TW: Hey, Beans. It's Tech Wizard. 
B: Aye. Fuck you too!
Z: Hey, I don't if you remember me. I handed you a cred stick. 
B: Aye, your cred stick was bad. It made my whole system crash. 
P: Hiiiii. 
Z: You may not know her. 
TW: She was laughing at us. 
DR: That's Pox.
B: Nice to meet you. 
DR: We've become friends since that episode where we threw up in your truck and you ejected me from a button that shot me out of the sun roof of your truck. Hey, Beans. You know what? The League of Truckers was right. There was something I wanted to say to you. 
CT: Oh, it's going be very sweet. 
B: Aye. Go ahead now. 
DR: I wanted to tell you to go choke on my dong. 
P: Anyways, let me take this phone really quick. 
B: If that's your answer, I'll make sure you're blacklisted by the League of Truckers. I'm gonna enjoy hunting you down. 
DR: You're not going anything down other than my dong. 
B: I'm gonna hunt you down and tear off every piece of you except for your dong because that's a naughty thing to try to take off a dong.
Z: Hey, Beans. We're all cool though, right? because you know. We would have apologized if we were in his situation. 
B:You're blacklisted. 
Z: Okay. 
B: Get ready to get a classic trucker stomping. 
DR: Yeah, alright, Beans. 
GR: Hangs up. 
DR: I'm going to call him back a 1,000 times. 
Z: I have a program for that, actually. 
P: That guy really had a...he's got a lot of vocal stuff in the back of his throat.
DR: Should I not have told him to choke on my dong? I feel like that was a little inappropriate. 
P: Yeah. You know, I was trying to get you to not say that. 
Z: Yeah, it depends on really what you were trying to achieve in that conversation. If you were trying to, let's say, not be blacklisted by the League of Truckers? 
TW: I will say that was the Dak I know. 
DR: Alright. Well, at least I was on brand. 
P: Do you think that now you're going have people coming after you? Like real big bad guys? 
DR: Hitters? 
Z: Do you think there's a second drone now that just says "Truckers" on it following us around? 
TW: That's funny. 
DR: Let me look outside. Nope. Just a 100 planes. 

[EPISODEBREAK6]

GR: Are we going?
ES: Uh, yeah.
MM: But we’re trying to get started.
BB: Yeah, I’m good to go.
GR: I’m gonna count us in.
BB: One…
GR: And we’re live. In five, four…
MM: Zero, negative two, negative one.
GR: Fuck you! Fuck you!
MM: What, dude? I thought you wanted us to go to zero!
GR: Oh my god. I’m gonna do this again!
BB: Wait, you’re counting it to the end of the naturals?
GR: Xanadu is rollin’ up the street. The crew, right now you guys are headed to your 1pm appointment with the very famous Death Racer, Kannabis Jak. He’s expecting you at 1pm promptly, and it is 12:30. He told you to meet at his garage, which is not necessarily on the outskirts of town, but by one of the bigger shadowrunning raceways, the Ares Pleasure Stadium. So we take it to the fun guys inside of the truck. 
[Casey Toney (CT) voices Tech Wizard (TW)]: Guys, we got a half hour to kill. Wanna do something pointless?
[MM voices Dak Rambo (DR)]: What do you mean? Just drive around and look at the sights of Indianapolis?
TW: Get some food. Do something..
[BB voices Zenith (Z)]: Dak, you shouldn’t really be laying down.
DR: Look, I’m getting a little bit of shuteye before we meet Kannabis Jak. 
[ES voices Pox (P)]: Kanna-bas Jak.
DR: Look, I’m a little loopy right now. My adrenaline modulator is going off the….on the fritz.
TW: Guys, should we take a half hour, like a 20 minute power nap?
DR: I mean I’m right outside the garage.
P: Oh, but we have 30 minutes. 
Z: I say we bust this guy early, and see if we can use the element of surprise to our advantage.
P: Ooh!
DR: How about this? Fifteen minute power-nap, and then we’re still 15 minutes early to bust in and play a little power game with him.
Z: What if we do rotating 20-minute power naps so that each one of us...One of us could go in early, get the element of surprise. And then five minutes into the conversation switch out, come back to the truck, tap the next person, and have them go in for the next 5 minutes.
P: Look, he fell asleep.
CT: What’s going on? We drive right into the fence of Kannabis Jak.
GR: So there’s a guard station, and the car just careens through the gate.
BB: In my head we’re not actively accelerating. It’s more like a truck in neutral is rolling.
GR: Okay. It’s a gentle...and there’s like an Ares cop. You look through the window of the guard station and it’s a straight up cop. And he’s like...
Cop (C): Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!!
MM: Dak Rambo wakes up.
DR: Heeey!
BB: Z’s in the window, like...
Z: Sorry! Oh my god!
GR: Snap! The thing snapped.
MM: I roll the window down.
DR: Hey there, Charlie. Sorry about your uh, your little fence there.
BB: We’re like 6 inches in front of where the point that you’re supposed to stop is, so we’ve just barely cracked through it.
GR: Okay.
C: You guys here for an appointment or something?
DR: Yeah, we’re here for an appointment or something. We’re trying to meet up with Kannabis Jak and, to be honest, I’m pretty tired and I’d appreciate it if you just let us do our thing. Get in here, get out. We've had a really long day. Not all of us get to sit down in a little….a little uh, what is this? Is this a little home? You live there?
C: Can you please tell me your license plate number?
DR: My license plate number is 420 69 69 F U.
C: Yep. I’m seeing that. You guys have an appointment. Head on in.
DR: Alright.
GR: So you guys roll up and there’s this very shiny, pristine domed shape garage, and as you guys get closer, the door opens slowly up, and inside you see just a big garage. Neon lit everywhere. Greens, reds, oranges. And you can see movement going on inside.
MM: Are there lots of fancy futuristic cars in there?
GR: Oh yeah. You take a closer look and there’s a double decker parking structure that has luxury cars. It’s got really mean, sleek, gnarly racers. There’s one ugly old truck that clearly must be something of nostalgic value. But eight very, or seven, very distinctive cars. And as you come in there’s sort of a rotund man dressed up like a butler. It’s a troll, actually. Small for a troll, who’s standing, waiting, waving you in. Pointing you to a parking spot.
MM: I don’t go to the parking spot.
GR: Okay.
MM: I just sort of drive in the center of the lane where there’s surrounded by parking spots to the left and right. Just in the middle of this little road inside the parking garage. And I just park the car dead in the middle.
GR: Okay. You see also...but there’s a bunch of drones working on cars and stuff, flying around. A ton of pit droids walking around. It’s really noisy and happening in there. Anyway, you do that, and the butler hobbles over to you and is like—
CT: He’s a butler?
GR: Yeah, he’s dressed up like a butler. 
MM: He’s dressed up like a portly, small troll butler. Yeah, I hop out of the car, and hand him my keys. I kinda toss it to him and say...
DR: Take good care of it alright, shortstuff?
[GR voices Orgene (O)]: Actually, I’m uh, supposed to walk you in. Yeah, you’re Dak Rambo, right?
DR: Yeah.
O: Dak Rambo and co.?
DR: Some know me as Dak Rambo. Some call me Edge Vector. Some call me “Thousand Mile” Jak. Others call me Laser Dong. Some call me Winnie the Pop star.
GR: He throws the keys to a pit droid who goes, “Meep-merp!” and climbs into Xanadu and goes to park it. 
O: So, you guys are part of the Big Marco wreckin’ crew?
P: That’s us.
TW: That’s not really like, our name.
DR: I think we just decided on NeoScum. Some old lady was calling us neo scum as an insult, but we’re gonna wear it as a badge of honor. Is that the decision we came to?
P: Yeah.
Z: Well, I mean—
TW: It’s on the side of the truck, so—
Z: Yeah. It seemed more efficient than having to scrape the paint off the side of Xanadu.
P: NeoScum.
Z: We’re NeoScum, and don’t you fucking forget it!
O: Look, you’re a little early right now. I think he’s—
Z: Do you guys keep water here?
O: Yeah, you want to….here, just follow me.
P: You have ice?
O: Yeah, we have ice. It’s a really—I think you’re gonna enjoy what you see.
GR: And he leads you back behind in the back of the garage. There’s a big old bookcase next to all these cars. There’s like, a bookcase covered in books. Books everywhere. And he walks over and he pulls on a book and it Shooom! shifts to the side and there’s like, a golden elevator right in front of you with a golden cage.
MM: I look at the book that he pulled, and it was Clouded Aspirations. 
CT: By Alan Thatcher.
MM: Yeah.
P: Oh my God!
O: Now if you’ll just step into this elevator…
DR: Alright.
BB: Uh, yeah. I’m gonna go ahead and say, “Yes,” to the elevator. Zenith goes and walks inside.
GR: Okay, you guys all hop in the elevator.
BB: Zenith is definitely inside.
MM: Zenith hopped inside. Did you guys go in the elevator?
ES: Yeah. Pox goes in the elevator. The floor makes a little “dink, dink!” sound.
CT: It makes a little “dink, dink” sound?
ES: Yeah, when you step on the floor. It’s like, “dink dink!”
CT: Are you wearing like, little metal heels?
ES: Maybe she’s got little...yeah, little tiny heels.
MM: Dak looks at Tech Wizard.
TW: Guys, my instinct is to investigate this bookcase, but I’m gonna go in the elevator.
MM: Dak Rambo—
TW: But there’s got to be more levers in there, right?
DR: Hold on.
MM: I just pull a couple other books that fall off the shelf.
GR: Yeah, they fall off the shelf.
O: Hey...
DR: I’m sorry about that, I’ll pick that up.
MM: And then I lean down to pick one up, but instead I pull a book off on the bottom shelf and I look back at him. And it also comes out. And then I slowly get up without picking up the books that were on the ground. And then I start walking to the elevator. And then I go pull one more book, and it opens up the wall again?
O: No, it’s already open.
MM: Does it close the wall?
O: No, it doesn’t.
MM: I get in the elevator.
CT: We’re on the elevator.
BB: Zenith pulls the troll aside and is like...
Z: Hey, dude, be honest. How many books open doors in that bookcase?
O: Just the one.
Z: Is that real?
TW: Fuck, really?
O: Yeah, actually it changes every day, too.
TW: For real? 
P: What? 
O: And only I get to know. I get a little update on my com.
Z: Wait, time out. You mean the face of the book that covers the lever is changed?
O: Oh, it’s not a lever. You just yank a book and every day it randomizes to a different one. Me and Kannabis Jak are the only people who know what it is, so no one’s gonna F with us.
DR: What was your name again?
O: Yeah.
DR: Did you say your name?
O: Yeah, my name is Orgene Carnadow. 
DR: Orgene, have you read all the books on the shelf?
O: Yes.
TW: Damn, that’s good.
DR: Wow, didn’t expect him to say yes.
P: Wow!
Z: For a guy named Kannabis Jak, this guy has a cool as fuck place.
DR: You’re a pretty cool butler, too, I would say.
O: Yeah, I appreciate it.
Z: You comin’ up with us, buddy?
O: Y’know, I think he’s still occupied at the moment, so I figured, if you wanted, I could pour you a couple drinks.
GR: You guys are going down and shifting around and stuff.
DR: Can I pour you a drink?
O: Buddy, I can’t drink on the clock but it is greatly appreciated. We like to keep it loose here, but uh, y’know, I still gotta make sure things...I mean, every now and then if Kannabis Jak allows it, I’ll take a couple. He’s a great guy. You’re gonna love him. 
Z: I can’t wait for this.
TW: I’m liking this.
Z: This guy sounds way cooler than Big Marco.
DR: It’s cool to antagonize everyone we meet, but you know what? I think I met somebody I don’t want to antagonize and it’s this man right here!
P: Wow, that’s really…
Z: Well, to be fair, we already antagonized him, and that’s how we found out he was so cool.
O: You guys, you realize that I live with a death racer. We have death racer parties, okay? I don’t want to…look, I don’t wanna challenge you but, look, I’ve seen it all. I’m meant to be flexible.
Z: Hey man, the last guys who called us wimps, we fucking killed, okay?
O: You guys don’t look like wimps.
Z: Thank you.
O: So what? You guys are death racers or something?
DR: Well, I’m a death racer. And these guys are shadowrunner hitmen. Uh, we do sorta shadowrunning missions. We’ll stick it to corporations. We’ll steal tech from one corporation and—
O: Cool. Am or pro?
DR: What?
O: Am or pro?
P: We’re pro.
P: Pro.
DR: We’re pro.
P: Pro-am. One hundred percent.
DR: Pro what? We’re pro because we get paid. 
O: Death racer. Are you pro or am?
Z: Pro-am.
O: Pro-am?
P: Pro-am.
DR: Pro or am? Am I not getting that?
P: Like...
Z: It’s like, professional or…amoxicillin. 
O: Okay, I’m gonna take it that means you guys are the am circuit.
P: It’s pronounced—
Z: Pro-am.
P: Pro-am.
DR: Am? We am?
Z: We’re amateurs that regularly play against pros.
DR: We...I don’t know what he’s saying, but...
P: And we’re pros who teach amateurs.
O: Okay, what was the last circuit you ran?
DR: The last circuit?
Z: Uh, the five circuit.
P: The last one that happened. That was the last one we did.
Z: Circuit number five.
TW: It's’ hard to keep track at this point.
P: We did the very last one that was yesterday.
Z: Yeah, you know that big race? The one that happened yesterday. Were you there? Because we were there. 
P: Yeah, yesterday. We did that one.
DR: The amazing race?
P: We were there.
DR: I did a Idaho potato sack race when I was a little boy, and I tell you what, I didn’t win that, but I certainly had the most fun. And in the end, is that not how you truly win?
Z: And we had a ton of fun at the race yesterday that we all did.
P: Yesterday. Yup.
DR: That we all did. 
TW: That is not a rhetorical question. Is that how you win one of these races?
Z: You win, right?
TW: By having the most fun?
P: By having the most fun and best time?
O: I believe it’s...you get to the finish line is typically…or you have a last man standing if it’s a king of the hill situation.
P: Well, here we are, so...
Z: Are we dead? Tell me. Do we look dead?
O: You look very alive and well to me.
P: Thanks.
DR: High five!
O: High five.
GR: Doors open up and you guys are looking at a large baroque-looking...like a big sort of like ballroom-playroom kind of a thing.
MM: Ballroom playroom?
GR: The ceilings are very high, blinking and different colors. There’s a chandelier that is like...it’s got flames. But upon closer inspection it’s laser flames. And there’s a big old spiral staircase the color of ivory. As you guys walk in, you notice immediately there’s some nice tables for dining around. And to your right, there’s a door, and you can just see a frigging wavepool going.
DR: Whoa!
P: Wow!
GR: Right through there. And you can hear that waves splashing.
P: Can we go in?
O: Yeah, you got 30 minute. You wanna play around in the wave pool?
P: Swimming!
TW: I’m so glad we got here early.
Z: Awesome. This is sweet. Thanks, dude!
DR: This is a really great setup. Do you take tips?
TW: Can we tip you?
DR: I’d like to give you one tip: Have a great day.
P: Yeah!
O: Thank you.
P: Good tip.
Z: I did have one question, though. Does this wave pool have different settings?
O: Yeah. We can turn it up from baby tickler to thunder coast.
Z: Oh.
P: Wow.
Z: Can we get just like, a quick five on the thunder coast setting?
O: You’re going want a one on the thunder coast.
DR: Can we get a slow one on the baby tickler?
O: Okay, you’re gonna want a ten on the baby tickler.
Z: Is it too soft?
P: You know what? We’ll take your suggestion.
TW: I’ll take his suggestion.
Z: Honestly yeah, dealer’s choice, really.
P: You know this better than we do.
DR: You’ve been here before. You know the rules for the wave pool. We’ll trust your guidance on this one, Chet.
P: And where’s the remote?
O: Look, I’ll set it up for you. I got the remote over here on my phone.
Z: Right now?
P: A one.
O: Yeah! We got swimsuits if you wanna—
MM: Dak Rambo is already naked. Dak Rambo is naked, his dangle is out, all of his tattoos are visible. He’s got 365 tattoos. One for each day of the year.
BB: And we’re gonna hear all of them, right now.
MM: He’s got one of a little moon boy. He’s got one of a little moon girl. He’s got a truck with a face on the front.
BB: He’s got a face with a truck on the front.
MM: Dude, it’s like we’re all seeing the same thing!
P: Dak, what’s this one of this little...it looks like a slice of cheese melting off a piece of bread?
DR: Yeah, that was the old gang I used to run with.
P: Cheese breads?
DR: No.
P: What were they called?
DR: They were called the Crazy Bread.
P: Okay, wow.
Z: What about this one? It’s like a slice of bread slowly melting off of this slice of cheese?
DR: That one is actually just a mirror image of the other one.
Z: It’s like a yin and yang kinda thing?
P: It’s like a dream.
DR: No. yin and yang is this tattoo.
P: Oh, wow.
DR: That’s right over my belly button. Um, and that is actually not a tattoo. That’s just a piece of pepperoni that...I don’t know where that came off.
TW: What?
DR: Anyone want this? Going once?
DR: Tech Wizard?
P: Tech just annihilated that body pepperoni.
TW: That’s gross!
Z: That was real gross.
CT: He spits it back out.
DR: Wait a second, that’s not a pepperoni. That actually is a tattoo.
P: What?
DR: That’s…
TW: That’s a piece of dry skin.
Z: Put it back on.
DR: It’s not what—
TW: My tongue or his body?
Z: Put it back on his body. 
P: He licked it so it’ll stick.
DR: What was once on my body has returned. And with that, race you to the wave pool! Baby tickler, here we come!
BB: Zenith waits for... Orgene...? 
GR: Yeah. Orgene. 
BB: to pull out some extra swimsuits before he runs into the pool.
GR: There’s actually a little locker room just around there, and you can just throw some swimsuits on if you’d like.
P: Wow. That sounds great. Thank you.
ES: Pox goes into the little locker room and takes like, seven swimsuits. Puts them all on. Just layers them on. She’s got bikinis and one pieces just layered. Saved….you know. Saving em for later.
BB: Are any lockers in the locker room locked? Or have like a little padlock on them?
GR: No, they’re all open.
BB: They’re all open? Okay. There’s not like clearly one that could be Kannabis Jak’s.
GR: No, no, no. Clearly not.
BB: Zenith puts on a swimsuit and shuffles back into the wave pool area, disappointed that he was unable to find something to try to steal.
GR: Okay. 
TW: You know, guys, I just wanna say, I don’t like to swim without my robes. Don’t like to get them wet. Don’t like people to look at my semi-nude body.
CT: Tech Wizard casts invisibility. Force 3. He gets 3 hits. Does he successfully go invisible and get in the water?
GR: Yeah.
CT: He does that.
P: Now we can play a game of shark.
BB: Zenith is...he’s watching Tech Wizard enter the wave pool and as soon as he steps like, one foot into the water and sees the splash, he tackles Tech under the water.
CT: The spell immediately breaks.
GR: Are you nude?
CT: What?
GR: Are you nude?
CT: Yeah.
DR: There you go, Tech!
TW: Ah, you jerks! 
CT: He rolls out of the pool.
DR: Shirts for skins! Shirts for skins!
CT: He wraps the robe over his wet body.
DR: Hey, look Tech. It’s nothin’ no one’s seen before, alright? Just get back in here. You got your wangle dangle out there, but that’s alright.
P: No one cares.
Z: Especially not Orgene. Right, my man?
O: Absolutely. You guys are going baby tickler right now. 
P: Yep. It’s really nice. 
O: And you’ll know when the big one’s coming.
DR: I like Orgene!
P: Wooow!
DR: Guys, I just had a super random thought: what if door knobs were self-cleaning?
Z: They are. That got invented 50 years ago.
DR: Are you kidding me?
TW: Do you not have self cleaning door knobs?
Z: On Xanadu?
DR: I have a little bit of soap that I use every time I use the doorknobs.
P: Why would you do that? That’s not necessary.
GR: The water playfully laps up against your bodies in a tickly way.
DR: Oh, this is a continuation of the baby tickling.
Z: I dunno. It’s feelin’ kinda like it’s gettin’ a little more…
TW: I’m getting pulled under a little bit.
P: I’m getting a little smacked around.
DR: Well, that might’ve been because ole Dak Rambo might have just let one slip.
P: Oh.
GR: All of a sudden, there’s no water around you at all.
Z: What the fuck is happening?
DR: Where’d the water go?
GR: Hey guys. Roll for swimming.
BB: What is that? Strength?
ES: Athletics?
GR: I think swimming is an ability.
BB: Well, what if we don’t have it? I guess what’s the…
GR: Whatever you think would be good. I think agility is typical.
CT: My agility is gonna be… because now that the water is receded, Tech Wizard is butt naked and is scrambling out of the pool again to...
GR: Okay, so you’re trying to—
CT: I’m trying to get out.
GR: Trying to get out. Okay.
MM: Guys, I rolled four die. I got four hits.
BB: I got three hits.
ES: I got one hit.
CT: I got one hit.
GR: Okay, so all of a sudden you guys look up and you see there’s just a huge wave coming down at you. You are already scrambling, but it comes down and just slams all you guys. Eleni, you take 1 stun damage. Oh, sorry, Pox, you take 1 stun damage. Tech Wizard you take 2 stun damage. And it really rips and throws you two guys around. You guys. You see that wave coming and you just, you dive into it. You do something, so it’s rough, but you’re gettin’ through it.
BB: So, I think Zenith is pretty handy when it comes to body surfing and manages to turn his body in the right direction right before the wave hits. And gets like, caught in the undertow or the fuckin’ pull, so he’s right at the crest of the wave. And then also just gets slammed into the pool.
MM: Dak has a devilish look in his eyes. He sees the wave incoming. And he lets out a maniacal laugh before dolphin kicking right into the wave and right through it like some sort of human Poseidon combination.
GR: Okay. Ker-sploosh! You guys all pop up, gasping for air—
MM: Or laughing.
GR: And the baby tickler is happening again.
ES: Pox had a snorkel in her mouth that’s now just dangling on the side of her face, and her bottoms are down, so she’s mooning everyone.
BB: And there’s like, every swimsuit that she had stolen is just out now.
ES: Yes.
DR: Orgene! Is that the best you can do? Ha ha ha!
GR: All of a sudden there’s no water around you again. Roll for swimming.
BB: Oh jeez.
CT: Jesus.
BB: Oooh, I got one hit.
MM: I got three hits.
ES: I got one hit.
CT: I got zero hits.
ES: Oh no!
MM: Dak is still juicing up!
GR: Okay.
CT: I have 2 agility. I have two dice. 
GR: You guys look up and there’s another wave coming down.
ES: Oh nooo!
GR: Once again. But the three of you guys—
CT: Wait, wait, wait. Can I cast a sp...? Or is that not enough reaction to cast a spell?
GR: What are you casting?
CT: I was gonna cast ice sheet.
ES: Oooh.
GR: Yeah, you wanna try that?
CT: Yeah, yeah.
BB: That could be fun.
GR: So, the wave is coming and Tech Wizard decides to whip up a tasty spell.
CT: Mm-hmmm.
GR: So we’ll say that Dak Rambo actually got a good roll on this, so he zips into that wave and now he’s inside the wave, ridin’ it out. 
MM: Ha ha!
GR: You are about to cast your spell.
CT: Yeah.
MM: I could be a prehistoric caveman type.
CT: Oh no. 
ES: Oh no. 
CT: Four.
GR: Four hits?
CT: Yeah.
GR: What force?
CT: It was four. I got more hits than that.
GR: Four hits. How much would 4 hits freeze?
BB: If you want, I can do the math. It’s 10,000 gallons of water divided by 4. 2,500 gallons of water.
GR: Can you read me the stats on that spell?
CT: Let’s do that. This is actually the first time I’ve used it. Not the situation I expected.
BB: Oh, you mean entombing Dak Rambo in a wave of ice? Pretty cool combat trick, though.
MM: Dak Rambo’s going to...10,000 years from now when he thaws out, Shadowrun is gonna be so advanced. 
Z: Well, we better go meet with Kannabis Jak and tell him that our friend is probably dead.
MM: Shadowrun, in the sequel, Dak Rambo will—
Z: Shadowrun 50,000?
P: Shadow Dak Rambo?
MM: Sixth edition.
CT: So, the normal use is with no water. This spell creates a sheet of ice over the area of effect. Characters crossing the ice must make blah, blah, blah.
GR: So you’re shooting ice into this thing is pretty much what it is.
CT: Yeah, I’m freezing a wall.
GR: But you’re shooting—
Z: It creates ice, though. 
GR: Okay, so you’re creating an ice wall to try and protect yourself and you got four hits. Let’s say you do that. You go... And the water just like...the wave, Pop-pow! Hits the ice wall. But the ice wall is strong enough to slow down the speed of the water coming to you, so it does break, but it only hits you like a tough wave, not a painful wave. So you suffer no damage. 
CT: Okay.
GR: Z and Pox take one stun damage as you are hit hard by the wave and Dak Rambo is like a little ducky.
MM: Shoots out. He notices that there’s a wall of ice that he’s avoiding as he’s dolphin kicking around on the top of this wave. And he lets out a confused...
DR: Huuuuuh?!
CT: Tech Wizard resists drain.
GR: Okay. Nice to know.
MM: Drain the pool.
GR: Orgene comes back in the room.
O: Uh, hey fellas, sorry I didn’t turn it off fast enough. Real sorry about that, but good news is Kannabis Jak will see you right now.
Z: Do you guys have a sauna?
O: We do. 
Z: Okay. I might want to hit that up after the meet.
O: Its very import...okay, after the meet. Absolutely. We can arrange that.
Z: Okay, cool.
O: But you guys can just head down.
Z: I’m gonna get changed first, actually.
DR: Did you see where, I sorta just kicked off my jeans. It has built-in underwear. And it cost me a lot of money to get that kind of custom jeans. They were on the ground just a minute ago, Orgene, and I’m not saying that you stole it…
TW: What’s that drone doing?
GR: The drone buzzes over with his jeans and clothing, washed and folded.
DR: What the hell is this? 
O: I figured maybe you wanted a little laundry service.
TW: Are those my robes?
O: Yeah. Clean.
BB: Tech Wizard has never washed those robes.
CT: I’ve never washed my fucking robes.
DR: I’ve never washed these jean—you’ve never washed your robes either?
TW: I’ve never—have you never washed your jeans? That makes a lot less sense.
DR: I’ve had these jeans for two years. I’ve been wearing them every day.
TW: Okay, but that’s denim, that makes sense.
P: Tell me you didn’t wash my jacket.
O: We washed your jacket
TW: Wait a minute—
P: You washed my jacket?
O: No, we didn’t wash your jacket because it’s a jacket. And who washes jackets?
P: Okay, good. Because I was going say, I’ve got stuff in there that’s important.
DR: These jeans have definitely shrunk. Guys, can you all see my junk?
Z: Nope.
P: I mean, I did.
TW: I mean, you were—
P: Two minutes ago.
Z: You mean when you had your pants off?
DR: Nah, I have my pants on, and I can barely breathe! Listen to this little, Screek screek screek screek sound. 
P: That’s just your feet on the floor. It’s because your feet are wet, man. 
DR: You’re right. There’s nothing wrong. Let’s go!
P: I think you’re fine!
GR: So, you guys are all getting dressed and going down?
BB: Yeah. Zenith gets dressed. 
TW: Can we talk for a second?
GR: You mean Orgene?
CT: Yeah.
O: Alright. Why don’t we go over to the bar?
GR: So, it’s in the side between you and Orgene, right?
CT: Yeah.
GR: So you walk over separately.
O: Hey. 
TW: Why would you touch a wizard’s robes?
O: They were…
TW: Just because they were on the floor?
O: I’m very sorry, sir. 
TW: And you do it without permission? 
O: Very sorry. Did not know that that was—
TW: Do you realize I draw some of my magic from the history of my experiences?
O: I’m very sorry. I did not realize.
TW: You have fundamentally neutered my ability to perform and operate by violating my personal belongings like that. 
O: Sir, I’m very sorry.
TW: I thought you were cool, dude. I was gonna say, I thought I made a friend today, but….
O: I’m very sorry, Mr. Tech Wizard. It was not my intention.
TW: Well, man—
O: I was trying to do a service, and...
DR: I feel like I gotta speak up right now, because me and my whole squad are right here. Hey, Orgene? Orgene has done a lot of cool things for us since we met, and I’m sorry he washed your robes. 
TW: You know? I just—
DR: He washed my jeans! My jeans are shrunken!
Z: I also don’t know where you’re getting that information from.
TW: Oh, wow. Suddenly you know about magic? Suddenly you’re a Tech Wizard?
Z: No, I just have never heard that before.
TW: Oh, have you never heard it? Have you never heard it, Z? Well, you just did.
Z: Are you making it up though, Tech Wiz?
TW: It means something to me! It’s like, you don’t wash somebody’s lucky pair of boxers on game day.
P: You know what, Tech? Now you have a clean slate, literally, to rebuild, in a positive way, your magic onto the robes.
Z: You know how you’ve been all upgraded and shit lately?
TW: Yeah?
Z: You’ve been kicking ass and stuff. Now it’s all kickass Tech Wizard in this robe.
P: And all the vomit that was on those robes—
Z: A lot of vomit.
P: is gone! It’s like you’ve never vomited on yourself at all.
TW: I give—
DR: Yeah, look. This is real nice and I’m happy that Tech Wizard is realizing that having clean robes is not a bad thing. I think we should probably meet with Kannabis Jak. Orgene?
Z: Only if Tech Wizard’s feeling comfortable. How you feeling buddy?
TW: Well, I…
Z: Alright, let’s do it!
O: Well, if you guys just wanna step on over to the elevator behind the spiral staircase, I will take you to the lair of Kannabis Jak.
TW: You know? These do feel really soft.
P: Yeah, see? They look nice.
O: We used some softener. Again, I’m very sorry, but you know…
Z: How are those pants feelin’ Dak?
DR: They’re tight, and you know what? I like it.
P: Can you breathe?
DR: I can breathe! Look at me!
GR: I’m imagining your butt is just like, it is bursting out in a beautiful oval shape.
DR: Dak is looking thick as F.
P: Yeah, Dak. Thick as F.
DR: So, wait a second. This is not Kannaibs Jak’s lair? If this is not Kannabis Jak’s lair—
O: This is the playroom. This is where we party. Kannabis Jak’s lair is below. Just step into that elevator, and we’ll take you there.
Z: Oh, wow.
DR: I don’t see any buttons in here, Orgene.
Z: Is this a murder elevator?
O: I got the button right here.
Z: Is this one of those death elevators?
P: So only you can push the button?
O: There’s an emergency button right there. You can hit the emergency button if anything goes wrong.
Z: If I hit this right now, it’s gonna kill all four of us.
O: It’s not gonna kill all you guys. 
P: It’s gonna explode.
GR: It just rings a bell and then it calls—
DR: I didn’t know it was a button.
Z: Okay.
BB: And then Zenith hits the button.
GR: Okay. He’s like,
O: Alright. I shut it off right there, because you’re not the first person to play that prank and now I’m gonna send you down.
GR: Door close, you zip down. 
BB: As soon as the doors close, Z hits the emergency button again just to test.
GR: It’s just, the light is off. And you’re going down. Chnk-chnk-chnk-chnk-chnk!
MM: Dak Rambo also tries the button a couple times.
Z: Hey Pox, get in on this.
DR: Press the button!
ES: Pox presses the button.
GR: Nothing happens. Chnk-chnk-chnk-chnk-chnk!
P: Hey look, it’s a self-cleaning button.
TW: It’s got a little wiper!
DR: You mean they got self cleaning buttons and doorknobs?
Z: That was 25 years ago.
GR: Ding! Doors open and purple deep weed smoke just rolls into the elevator.
All: Whoaaa!
MM: Dak Rambo smells it like a sleepy guy in a cartoon would smell a pie on a windowsill, and it carries him over into the room.
GR: It is thick enough that you guys should roll some sort of resistance.
CT: Oh, fuck.
MM: One of my perks is that I’m immune to it.
GR: Is that a perk?
MM: I mean—
GR: Is that a perk?
MM: Let’s just be real, right?
GR: Yeah, just roll your body and we’ll divide it by two, since it’s secondhand.
BB: I got one....oh, I failed. I got two one’s.
DR: I got two hits.
GR: You glitched?
BB: Yeah. I glitched.
CT: This is our first glitch.
GR: Okay. So when you glitch it means you rolled more ones than you rolled dice.
BB: More than other dice, right?
GR: The majority ones. So Z just glitched. 
BB: I’m assuming this is because Z has literally never smoked any drug before.
CT: It’s a big day for you.
BB: This is a lot.
GR: Okay so, what did you get?
CT: One.
ES: Two.
GR: One, two, zero....
MM: Two. And I’m immune.
GR: You are immune. I’ll make that—well, you’re immune to secondhand. If you honk firsthand, you can get high. So, it’s fuzzy for you guys. You guys are gonna be on this stuff for about three hours. It’s willpower plus one, mental limit plus one, minus one physical limit, and then that’s it. You honk this so hard that it’s doubled. So you have two willpower, two mental limit, but minus two physical limit.
BB: Okay, then what’s the duration?
GR: Duration for you will be six hours.
MM: Mmmm. Dak Rambo likey this dank herb I smell.
GR: As you walk through, you see a bunch of bleeping lights and rough, gross looking cords and wires everywhere. And you see a man, a half-elf, standing with a VR helmet on that’s hooked up to all these machines all around him. And he’s like...
[GR voices Kannabis Jak (KJ)]: Ugh, come on. Let’s go, man! Alright! Yeahhh!
GR: And it looks like he’s piloting a...He’s like reaching his hands out and pulling levers and squeezing things. You can sort of vaguely hear the sound of a car going, and the sounds of a crowd going, aaaaahhhh! Vrooooo….
MM: Dak Rambo patiently waits.
KJ: Ahhh yeahh! We made it through! Yeah, man! Yeah! 
GR: He’s just like, pumping his fists. Just pumping his fists. He’s not wearing a shirt. He’s wearing skinny little jeans. He takes the mask off. He’s like...
KJ: Did you all see that? Oh yeah, that’s right. You weren’t there!
GR: And you look at this guy, and he’s got weed tattoos all over his face like stars bursting out of his face.
DR: Oh my God.
GR: Like different kinds of weed paraphernalia and he’s like...
KJ: You guys, you must be the wanna-be death racers, is that right?
DR: Do you know where we can find Kannabis Jak?
Z: Is this Kannabis Jak?
KJ: Yeah, that’s me, man! I’m Kannaibs Jak!
Z: Where you from, Kannabis Jak?
KJ: I’m from this town right here, man! I’m just really frigging buzzed.
P: Wooow.
Z: Shiiit.
DR: Do you want to pass that big ol’ deep weed bong? Or do you just wanna bogart it, CJ?
KJ: I was gonna offer it to you, my apprentices.
DR: Well, not really your apprentice, but I’ll take your offer.
KJ: Well, that’s what Marco said, of Marco’s...Big Marco’s wrecking crew. Is that right?
DR: Yeah, we’re associated with Marco. He’s loosely affiliated with us.
KJ: Marco’s been a good guy for me. Here, take a hit.
GR: And he hands you this bleeping and blooping plastic bong that has the place you hit it out of is a lady’s lips going like this. It’s very cartoony and overdone. And it’s just like, rippling and blinking colors. Extremely expensive looking.
P: Wow.
MM: Dak takes a nasty bong rip. 
KJ: Oh yeah, right.
GR: Roll for, uh…
MM: I got one hit.
GR: One hit. You’re gonna be feeling this for five hours.
DR: Righteous. Very good.
GR: You guys are feeling frigging high.
KJ: Alright. So first things first. What’s your experience level? You got to be straight with me.
DR: Look buddy, I’ve been driving big rigs my whole life, essentially I—
KJ: Ahh, so you’re gonna do heavy? You’re gonna do heavy? He’s a heavy? 
DR: Yeah, look—
KJ You're gonna go heavy?
DR: Look— We’re going to go heavy!
KJ: Are we’re talking straight racing or talking king of the hill?
Z: We’re talking whatever shit you think you’d be good at, dude. Because we are ready to rock your shit.
TW: We’re kings.
DR: We’re kings!
P: Do you have some... snacks?
KJ: Let me call a drone.
P: Yeah.
KJ: Broomhilda, snackos on the double. Cheap cheap!
P: And then we’re gonna go heavy.
DR: Look—
P: Heavy.
DR: God put me on this earth to do two things: to drive trucks….
P: What’s the other one? What’s the other one?
TW: I think it’s just drive trucks twice.
Z: Oh, is it just drive trucks twice?
P: To do two things.
TW: To drive trucks and drive trucks.
DR: What’s up, guys? What’s going on?
KJ: You guys want me to blow the weed out of this room? I can turn on the vents if you want.
DR: No.
Z: No, keep the weed, man. 
P: Weed.
Z: I think we’re all feeling pretty good right now.
TW: I don’t...
KJ: Nice, nice. Alright, so...
Z: Hey, quick question. How many computers do they put on these death race car things?
TW: That’s, that’s a really good question. How many…?
P: Do they put computers on these cars?
TW: computers for this on this car?
Z: Is there computers? 
KJ: I honestly don’t know.
Z: Are you kidding me?
KJ: No. I’m mostly the face for this whole thing. There’s a guy in the pit stop who drives the car for me, pretty much.
P: Okay, but can we talk to someone who will be able to tell us what kind of computers there are?
Z: You got a guy on—?
DR: Kannabis Jak? Look. You got a cookie cake in here or what? I’m hungry.
KJ: I don’t got no cookie cake, but I’ll tell you what. There’s a cookie cake comin’ soon as Broomhilda comes. I don’t know why she hasn’t come in yet.
TW: Wait, there is a cookie cake coming?
KJ: Yeah. We want a cookie cake?
P: Oh my God! Dak—
DR: Yeah, we wanted a—
KJ: Broomhilda! It’s gonna be a cookie cake. Make it—
Z: Wait, time out. 
KJ: Sorry. 
Z: Time out.
KJ: Hold, Broomhilda.
Z: Okay. Cookie cakes are great, but if it’s just like a cookie cake with chocolate syrup on top, it is bullshit. You gotta have the chocolate chips baked into it when you make it.
TW: I think that’s a given.
P: And you gotta have ice cream on top.
DR: I don’t want any ice cream.
P: No?
Z: Cause too many places you’re like, “I want a cookie cake,” and then they bring out. It’s just cookie material with chocolate syrup on top. You know what I’m talkin’ about, CJ?
KJ: What did you just say, man?
Z: I said, you know what I’m talkin’ about, CJ?
TW: Jak?
P: It’s like when you take a cookie, you put chocolate sauce on top of the cookie—
KJ: It’s KJ.
P: K?
DR: Cannabis with a K?
Z: Cannabis with a K?
KJ: KJ.
Z: Hell yeah. 
DR: Look, we’re ready to do whatever the race is. I got a really nasty big rig and I got the skills to ride that thing into hell and back.
KJ: Well, first thing you gotta do as a death racer is—
DR: Eat a cookie cake?
KJ: You gotta go get liability insurance from your alderman. Have you done that yet?
TW: I don’t want insurance.
DR: We don’t want any.
KJ: How’s your PR?
DR: My…my...
P: What?
KJ: PR is important. 
TW: We do it ourselves and I think we—
Z: Our pay rate? Our pay rate is way high.
KJ: You guys got a lawyer? Like, what are we talking here? Big Marco?
P: We just went on like, TV.
Z: No lawyer, no problem.
KJ: No lawyer, no—
DR: I know like six lawyers. But none of them are alive.
Z: Yeah, I was about to say—
TW: That’s a problem.
P: You knew them. You knew them?
Z: How well did you know them? Well enough for you run—
DR: I loved one of ‘em. 
Z: Did you know them well enough to—
P: Could you bring them back?
DR: What?
Z: I was gonna ask if you knew them well enough that you think you could be our lawyer, Dak.
DR: No, I definitely could be a lawyer. 
Z: Okay.
DR: I’ll be the lawyer.
Z: Dak’s our lawyer. He’ll get the thing. What else do we need?
TW: I’m the PR guy cause I’m the best at talking to people.
DR: Oh, you’re out of order!
Z: Ha! That was good!
KJ: You gotta sign—
TW: No I’m not!
P: I’m gonna be the insurance agent.
KJ: I don’t know man. There’s like a—
Z: We got liability insurance. Pox can figure that out. 
P: Yeah, no problem.
Z: What else you got? What do you need? Does a guy need to do the books? I can be our finance guy.
KJ: Yeah. You’re gonna need a guy to do the books. 
Z: Done.
P: We got it.
KJ: You know, when you’re working you gotta have a look. You gotta have a thing. You gotta’ set up interviews. You gotta’ have a media packet.
Z: Okay.
KJ: You gotta have some slick looking videos with good social media interaction, like, you guys got a Facebook?
Z: Wait, I got a video to show you.
BB: And Zenith is also super high at this point, but he just reaches into his eye, takes his ocular drone and then throws it. And it flies of his velocity for a second, then kicks on and slows. And then it starts projecting the video of Tech Wizard obliterating this dude’s testicles with the magic hand up on the wall.
MM: That was episode one!
Z: See? That’s our press packet, my dude. 
OL That’s hilarious. I frigging love this shit.
TW: Dude, show him the clip that was on TV.
BB: And then at the end, it just like, cube wipes in the side of the truck that says NeoScum on it.
TW: You edited that? 
Z: Hell yeah. 
DR: Yeah, that’s the name of our team. We came up with that today.
KJ: Big Marco is pretty—whatever. I think that’s a cool name.
P: We were inspired.
Z: I’m pretty sure that guy in the hotel room was a neo nazi. 
KJ: Huh?
DR: The guy that Tech Wizard obliterated in the nuts.
TW: I always hit neo nazis. I’m sorry.
KJ: Yeah, that’s cool, man. Uh, yeah, what were we talkin’ about?
DR: I think you were going tell us what we have to do to go do this goddamn race.
Z: Why did Big Marco make an appointment with you if all you’re good for is dumbass cookie cakes?
KJ: Speaking of which, I don’t know where that drone is. It’s slow.
DR: Do you think maybe Broomhilda was killed, and there’s some guys here to kill you?
Z: You think there’s some guys here to—?
GR: The lights go out. 
TW: Ohhhh!
DR: Oh my God!
P: Oh no!
Z: This is gonna be so fucking sick!
KJ: Did I just go blind again?
DR: No the lights just went out, Mio!
MM: Dak takes his gun out, and takes his...he has a little flashlight, too. So he takes that out too.
BB: Z sucks his ocular drone back into his eye, and he can see in the dark.
MM: Oh, also I forgot—
GR: You got cat eyes!
MM: I got cat eyes.
BB: Yeah, why did you do that?
MM: Dak is under the effects of deep weed.
CT: It’s really bright.
GR: It’s like, ruined your cat eyes.
BB: And he’s using a flashlight and like, cannot use his night vision at all.
MM: Thankfully the battery goes out because I forgot to put that battery in.
BB: A AA battery.
CT: Tech Wizard is wildly spraying a thin stream of fire from his hand in the air.
BB: What?
CT: For light.
GR: How big are we talking?
CT: It’s a thin stream. It’s a force 1.
MM: A candle, maybe? A candle worth of light?
CT It’s just like—
BB: Can you just light your fuckin’ fingertip on fire or something?
CT: He’s not thinking very—
GR: Kannabis Jak just starts screaming like a baby.
Z: Hey, yo, KJ. Chill out my dude.
CT: What do we see? There’s enough light in here.
P: Are you afraid of the dark?
GR: You just see the room around you.
DR: Kannabis Jak. Hey, buddy. Stay with us. Get underneath that gaming rig over there.
Z: KJ, you don’t have any weaps, dude? What’s your deal!
KJ: Ahh! What? What are you guys—what’s goin’ on?!
Z: Vent the room, dude! Vent the room!
KJ: Vent the room!
GR: He runs over and hits a button and there’s like a kshhhh sound and all the smoke gets sucked out.
CT: The fire goes out.
GR: Yeah, the fire goes out.
MM: There’s still oxygen in the room, right?
CT: I know but it gets pulled.
ES: This guy—
CT: It’s true. 
BB: No, it sucks all the oxygen out of the room.
GR: You guys are dead.
P: We’ve all died.
MM: Yay, we get to make—
BB: Everybody’s dead! Hey guys, thanks for listening to the NeoScum podcast. 
MM: It was a great six—
BB: We’re gonna try again with all new characters next week.
MM: Hey, I got my gun out and I’m waiting for anybody to come in.
GR: It’s just silence. 
BB: Do you want us to roll a perception check?
GR: Yeah, you guys. If you want to roll perception? Why don’t you go for it? G. Reedy’s gonna go take a GPD. 
BB: Word.
 CT: That’d be...That’s perc—
 GR: o, you’re invited to laugh at that.
MM: Ha ha ha ha ha!
CT: Oh my goodness.
ES: Hey.
MM: What’s up Casey? What’s up Eleni?
ES: What’s up Mike?
CT: Nothin’ much. Just adventures ahoy. And is it true, guys? I know I want to talk about this crazy whacky time we’re having in this episode. But is it true that a fan wrote some extended universe drama?
ES: I heard a rumor that that is true.
MM: Rumor confirmed.
MM: This guy on Twitter. His name is SJ Riker @LookWhosF-H-T-A-G-N.
ES: We’re not even gonna guess what it means.
MM: I think it’s, “look who’s fat again.”
ES: That’s what I thought. But I don’t think so.
CT: But what if he’s not? 
MM: If it’s not. If it means something else, then sorry.
ES: But that’s what it seems like.
MM: Yeah, but this guy actually sent us a cool fanfiction thing that he wrote.
CT: And because of that, he’s better than everyone else listening to this show.
ES: Yeah!
CT: Unless they also send in fanfiction. Isn’t that interesting how that works?
ES: So, y’know. Get up to par.
MM: Get up to par with @LookWhosF-H-T-A-G-N because this guy rules. Fanart is also cool and also money.
CT: Reviews are cool, but money is better.
ES: We love it all.
CT: Frigging pay up.
ES: Give us anything.
MM: Followers, we are so hungry for every materialistic thing.
ES: Speaking of Twitter, you can also follow Mike Migdall @ItsMigdallTime on Twitter.
MM: I don’t know why you keep saying that but I’m appreciative. And I think we should probably get into this special treat that we have.
CT: Guys, if you wanna see more fun extra content like this, follow the @NeoScum Twitter page. We always retweet it. But for now, in place of our regularly scheduled interlude, we bring you: The Adventures of Argus Armstrongman: Lonestar Detective.
BB: Case 637435: Attempted Murder, Breach of Trucking Contract I took a long drag from my vape, the cotton candy flavored mist rolling over my tongue and down into my lungs. Exhaling sharply, the vapor spewed out, forming a rolling cobweb that caught the bright neon of the Indianapolis skyline. It was going to be a long night, no two ways about it. Dispatch put me on the trail of some deranged asshole. Details were slim, so I just poured through the initial transcripts in AR. Trucker by the name of Beans picked up another trucker. All pretty standard trucker code bullshit. But then, the crazy asshole, or his friend or someone, just starts vomiting everywhere. Standoff ensues, Beans gets paid off with a hacked cred stick and then held at gunpoint. Manages to barely make it away. The National Society of Honored Truckers has already stricken the guy from its membership, but they’re pushing hard for stricter punishment, which was why I was outside some skeevy VR sex dungeon.Gotta love the job. When you’re not getting shot at by gangers, you’re stepping through all kinds of fluids trying to find an asshole for a bunch of greasy truckers.I cased the joint, scanning for any signs of my suspect, Dak Rambo. Human male in his mid twenties to thirties. Darker hai. Hat. The spectrum analyzers in my cyber eyes hummed loudly as I peered along the asphalt of the parking lot. Top of the line tech. Perfect for finding clues, but not really necessary when you find the door of a motel room wide open, unattended. Dreading what I’d find, I stepped into the dim room, finding a naked man sitting in a chair, holding a bucket of ice against his genitals.
GR: Oh drek, please, don’t hit me anymore! I won’t hassle anyone about pop culture knowledge again! 
BB: The man cowered, ice spilling out of the bucket. “I have no damn clue what you are talking about. But I’m looking for a man. Goes by Dak. Dak Rambo. Human. About this tall.” I motioned with my hand. “Hat.” The man dropped the bucket, displaying his grotesquely swollen testicles to me. 
GR: Yeah, I know that son of a bitch! He was with that wizard asshole who decked me in the balls with his magic fists! Those two and the girl and the guy with the cyber eye!
BB: Averting my gaze, I held up a hand to block any ability to view his wrecked sack. “Sir, sit back down and cover your boys.”
GR: Sit down? 
BB:The orc man protested, his voice cracking and hitting an amusing octave. 
GR: I’m not going to sit down! I want to know where those dickholes are so I can—
BB: “It’s being dealt with, sir.” Flashing him my badge, I added. “Argus Armstrongman, Lone Star Security.”The orc spit on the floor. 
GR: Lone Star? Where were you when my freakin’ huevos were getting scrambled?! Damn cops.
BB: “Sir, calm down. If you cooperate and give me any information you have, I-”
“GR: And he took a shit in my bathroom and broke the flusher! 
BB: The orc shoved me on the shoulder. 
GR: But you’re not here to deal with that. I called Lone Star and you guys told me you’d get to it in a few weeks!
BB: I couldn’t help but smile. “Well then I think you should be happy. You got service early.” The long haired pretty boy orc just glared and shoved me again. 
GR: “Fuck you, pig.”
BB: And that was when I grabbed the stun baton from my belt and brought it full force up into that unfortunate green scrotum, knocking the wind out of the rude orc before clicking the button on the grip and sending a strong electrical current through his body. The ruined man cried out, crumbled to the ground, and soiled himself in a shameful and undignified manner that will be omitted from all reports. As I loomed over the drooling, whimpering orc, I pushed the baton on his chest and spoke slowly. “Where were they going?”
GR: Don’t know…
BB: He groaned weakly, eyes wide with fear. 
GR: Just said...technocrust.
DR: I shrugged and collapsed the baton, storing it back on my belt. “It’s a start. Thanks for your time, sir. Good luck to you and your boys in the future.” Leaving the soft sobs behind me, I emerged into the warm Indianapolis night, peering at the harsh glow of the hulking monsters that rose from ground and scraped the sky. “I’m coming for you, Rambo. You and your friends.”
DR: Well guess what, motherfucker, Dak Rambo’s coming for you for the way you treated that prettyboy orc!
P: Yeah, that guy’s gonna die.
DR: Yeah. I got Pox here, and I got Tech Wizard on my right.
TW: Hey, I’m also here. 
Z: I feel like we’re on the same page with that guy, right guys? Like, that guy hit him in the dick, we hit him in the dick. We’re all happy.
P: Yeah, but he’s looking for us.
TW: I might buy that guy a drink if he finds us.
P: I’m gonna buy him a drink and then I’m gonna kill him.
TW: Wait—
DR: Because he’s a pig.
P: Yeah.
DR: Oink.
Z: Yeah, I mean, Lonestar’s gonna nuke any of us if they find us.
P: Tech—
TW: Invisible!
MM: That was a great story.
CT: Great story.
MM: I think we’ve taken up enough time. Are we ready to go back into the disgusting world of Shadowrun NeoScum?
ES: Yay!
CT: Baby, it gets good.
MM: Bye.
ES: Bye!
GR: Okay so, so you’re now in a room. It’s totally dark. You can see the blinking lights from the VR setup around you. Kannabis Jak is panicking. So all you can hear is him going,
DR: Jak! You got this, buddy, alright? You’re gonna get through this. We’re here. We’re shadowrunners. We’ve got guns. We’ve got magic. You’re safe.
KJ: I’m too high for this, man. I’m way too high for this.
Z: Look, KJ. Do you guys have a security system somewhere in here?
KJ: Yeah, we do have a security system.
Z: Is there an access point somewhere in this room?
KJ: I dunno, I think maybe you could Jak into the, uh, to the VR right there. That’s hooked to the network. I don’t know! I’m too dumb!
Z: Dude, my dude.
BB: And then Z goes up and tries to give KJ a hug.
GR: Okay. KJ actually leans into the hug and really holds you tight.
BB: Z gets real close to his ear and whispers in his ear,
Z: Hey buddy, if you wanna take a break on this one, we got it from here, okay?
KJ: Okay, alright.
GR: He lets go of the embrace and then walks over to the center of the room, puts on the VR and sits down. You can see there’s actually a little display screen you couldn’t see through the smoke earlier that shows what he’s seeing. And it’s a baby simulator where you are a baby, and there’s like a mommy looking in, and is like, “Aw, is the little baby scared?” And he is just like, reaching up, wearing this crazy hat that’s plugged into all this shit.
P: Well, I really almost had a crush on him for a moment because he’s really quite cute, but yeah. 
Z: You don’t think this is sweet? C’mon.
P: I think it...
TW: Yeah, the guy gets vulnerable for two seconds…
P: It’s just dark! It’s just dark.
DR: Guys, update. It’s still dark here.
Z: Oh, yeah. My bad. 
BB: Zenith goes up to the data jack area. And can I access the system immediately, or do I need to hack in in order to gain access?
GR: Well, you can hack in, but if you jack in, you’re guaranteed more—
BB: I guess the main question was: am I having to hack into the security system, or do I have access?
GR: It’s like one of those things where it’s password encrypted so you could hack in if you wanted to. But I mean, this guy who’s in the baby simulator probably knows how to get in.
BB: I walk back over to Kannabis Jak, and I slap him in the face and then pull his VR set off real quick.
KJ: Waaaah! Waaaaah!
GR: And he like, spits up a little. 
Z: Hey, sorry buddy. What’s your password?
KJ: It’s SurfRat69.
Z: Oh. Should’ve guessed.
DR: Nice.
Z: Get back in there, buddy.
GR: He like, scrambles over and he puts it back on.
TW: What’s the power situation that the lights are out but the power’s working?
Z: Let me check what’s going on in this guy.
TW: What’s going on that...Are we about to get attacked?
DR: No, because look. If anybody tries anything, I got cat eyes—thank you for reminding me. And I’ve got this gun, and it’s filled with bullets.
GR: Okay, so you are in the system. You type in SurfRat69. And it’s like... 
[GR voices Computer (C)]: Welcome, Kannabis Jak, to the pleasure time.
Z: Can I interact with this virtual channel?
GR: Yeah, it’s just like a voice. 
C: What can I do for you?
Z: Can I tone down this voice and get just a stately British dude?
C: Right. How you doin’ now, mate—Sorry, sorry, my mistake. There’s a glitch in the system, something’s going on.
Z: A little less cockney. 
C: Yes, hello. 
Z: There. There we go
C: Can I help you?
Z: Yeah. Uh…Why is the light out on this floor?
C: Ah, checking now. You do not have access to the network that controls the lights. However, I can get emergency lights on in this room. Bing-bing-bing! Lights, little emergency fluorescents come on in this room. 
DR: We have lights on. There are lights.
Z: Perfect. Where is the drone? Broomhilda?
C: Broomhilda has been deactivated. Would you like to assess the situation visually?
Z: Yes.
C: Okay, here we go.
GR: And the camera—you see like... 
C: Camera feed: Main fun room. Camera feed: wave room. Camera feed: kitchen. Camera feed: refrigerator unit. Camera feed: garage. Garage. Last spotted. Broomhilda.
GR: It zooms up, and there’s a bunch of dudes in masks with pistols, shooting all the robots in the head. There’s two guys. You see two guys shooting the robots, and the robots are just walking around, not resisting. They’re just walking up.
BB: Z jacks out real quick.
Z: Hey guys. 
TW: What’s going on? 
Z: We have a huge problem.
P: Oh no.
Z: There’s a bunch of dudes walking around—
DR: No cookie cake?
Z: I don’t think we’re gettin’ cookie cake anytime soon, guys.
TW: Fuck!
P: Dang. I’m just really hungry.
Z: So, all I saw was a bunch of dudes killin’ drones executioner style in the parking garage.
TW: So they’re after the drones, though.
Z: I mean, honestly, if that was a movie, that would be a very cool and intense scene, and I would watch the shit out of it. But it was terrifying because I think it’s happening for real.
DR: Hey, Jak, do you got any other ways to exit this room?
KJ: Waaaah! Waaaaaah!
Z: He’s in baby mode, dude. You gotta take the VR set off.
MM: I rip the VR thing out and smack him in the face. Jak!
GR: He spits up twice.
KJ: Bleh! Bleh!
DR: Just stick with me, baby boy! Is there any other way to exit this room or just the elevator?
KJ: There’s the elevator. Oh! There’s the stairs. I never use those. But that’s through that door right there.
DR: Uh, quick! Tech!
TW: Yeah?
DR: Can you make us invisible, and can we leave now?
TW: I can make one of us invisible. I can create an illusion.
P: I have a chameleon—
GR: You guys hear coming behind the door.
Z: Oh no, someone’s drumming on the table outside.
TW: Are they knocking or are they walking?
GR: That’s footsteps. You hear it high up.
P: I have chameleon armor.
TW: But just for yourself. And I have invisible just for myself. 
Z: Look, Dak, we’ve been in this situation before. It’s pretty much, either we can possess the only dude we happen to be against, or we gotta kill everybody.
DR: So it looks like we’re gonna have to walk down the path of murder again.
TW: Guys, I feel like we gotta save...the big thing is we gotta save Kannabis Jak.
P: That poor baby.
TW: This guy’s our meal ticket, right?
DR: Yeah, duh! Let’s get him outta here!
Z: Are we getting jumped? Or is Kannabis Jak getting jumped?
P: I mean....
TW: I feel like either way, they’re probably gonna try to fight us.
Z: Either way they’re gonna kill Kannabis Jak. 
TW: And even if they don’t, I feel like we’re gonna try to fight them.
Z: Well, let’s take KJ here. Hey, hey KJ!
GR: He’s back in.
KJ: I’m baby!
P: Stop putting that back on.
Z: Look, KJ, you got a portable VR thing you can take with us?
KJ: No, no, no.
Z: Okay. Look, buddy, you’re gonna have to come with us. Where are these stairs at?
GR: He points to the wall. You can see there’s a little handle that you can pull and then the wall will open up.
CT: Tech Wizard helps him up out of the seat and casts Fantasm to create a Kannabis Jak back in the VR unit.
GR: He’s like...
KJ: Oh, whoa man. That’s so trippy.
DR: Hey, Jakky boy. Once we get you outta this, we’re gonna get you all the VR baby mama time you need.
KJ: Okay.
Z: And you’re gonna give us all the credits in the world, baby.
KJ: You get me out of this, I’ll make it worth your while.
Z: Nice.
P: Alright. And take this. 
ES: She pulls a lollipop out of her pocket.
KJ: Thanks. You’re really sweet, you know?
MM: Dak Rambo, tactical navy seal dives to the door. He pulls his gun, he puts his ear up to the door. Does he hear anything? The stair door?
GR: Roll for perception. 
MM: Two hits.
GR: You hear some clanking, but you can’t tell if it’s pipes or just the natural environment or a person.
DR: I hear clanking. It’s definitely a person.
Z: Dak, do you have a stun grenade?
DR: Let’s see if I have a stun grenade Do I? Flashbang grenades. I got a flashbang grenade.
Z: Open the door, throw one out, and then close the door again.
DR: Alright.
MM: I creak the door open real quick. Do I see anything in a split second?
GR: No, it’s very dark.
MM: I throw the flash grenade. And then I slam the door.
GR: Okay, so you throw it out, you close the door. You actually hear it bounce off the door. So it’s like, Donk, donk! Bouncing back into the door, and then donk! Tchk! You don’t hear anything.
TW: No scream?
Z: No thump of someone passing out?
GR: No scream, no thump.
DR: Alright guys, coast is clear. Let’s go!
BB: Z pulls his machine pistols out of his hands and kicks the fucking door down.
GR: It’s a steel…
BB: Oh, we have to pull it, too.
GR: Yeah, you have to. It’s a pullable door. 
CT: He goes and opens it but with the ferocity.
GR: So, you open it up and it’s dark. So you got cat eyes.
MM: I got cat eyes.
BB: I can see.
ES: I can’t.
GR: You can’t see.
MM: But you’re an elf.
BB: You’re an elf. You have darkvision.
ES: Oh, I’m an elf. Nevermind.
GR: Pox can see.
CT: Am I the only blind person?
GR: Tech Wizard is quite literally in the dark.
BB: But he’s also in the back with KJ.
CT: Yeah. I mean I could do flamethrower.
MM: Dak also has a luminescent...on his right shoulder He’s wearing a tank top, so you can see his shoulder. He has a luminescent frowny face tattoo.
BB: Oh, one of his tattoos?
ES: Like a glow in the dark.
BB: So, Tech Wizard can see where Dak is but can’t necessarily see his face.
MM: It’s faint, but Tech knows to look for it.
P: We can guide him.
BB: Yeah. Because they’ve been on some dark adventures together.
P: Just take my hand. 
CT: We’ll just when we’re bunk up, you know? When Tech Wizard gets scared, he knows to...okay. He’s down there. 
DR: Really it’s just Tech is bunking up, because I normally have an adrenaline modulator that keeps me awake for two weeks at a time.
Z: But it’s not working too well these days, is it buddy?
DR: Look, I took a one minute nap, and I’m doin’ fine. I’m doin’ alright.
CT: Alright, so we’re in there.
BB: Z is still high as shit.
GR: Yeah.
MM: Dak is high.
P: We still never ate anything.
Z: Broomhilda died.
DR: I want that cookie cake!
MM: We’re going up the stairs.
ES: We’re gonna get it.
BB: We’re actually up the stairs and passed the door. 
GR: Okay, so the staircase also like, rotates, spiraling up in large spirals. Goin’ up. Are you guys trying to sneak or are just you runnin’ up the stairs?
BB: Can I just send my ocular drone ahead of us and scout it out?
GR: Yeah, you want to?
BB: Yeah.
MM: I’m trying to move stealthily, like a cat.
ES: Okay, I have great stealth.
TW: We did just throw a flash bang.
DR: That could have been any flash bang mis-happen.
BB: But the point of the ocular drone is so that it’s so far ahead that if we were to encounter an enemy, it would encounter my drone before it encounters us.
CT: Yeah, absolutely.
MM: I rolled zero for my sneak, so I think I’m sneaking. But really I’m squeaking, because my pants are too tight.
BB: So I’m gonna roll a perception check with my drone. And I only roll one hit.
ES: Oh!
GR: At the top of the stairs you see some faint moving shadows. Hard to tell.
BB: I’m gonna have my ocular drone return so I can now see, because Z cannot see in the dark unless that eye is in his head.
TW: What’s the situation? What are we looking at?
Z: There’s movement at of the top of the stairs, so we probably want to move kinda stealthily.
DR: Do you want me to continue to move stealthily? Because I think I’m already a freaking shadow, buddy. Squeak, squeak, squeak.
P: Dak, stop moving.
Z: Stop. 
DR: I wasn’t moving. That’s just the sound it makes when I stand still.
P: Oh, I guess then keep moving.
DR: Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!
P: Oh no! Stop moving!
DR: Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!
P: Alright.
Z: I think, honestly, our best chance is probably to go up the stairs and try to take whoever’s at the top by surprise.
TW: So, let’s just walk the spiral staircase then. 
P: Should I make myself real invisible and quietly go up?
Z: Yes.
ES: I got five hits.
GR: Okay, so you sneak up to the top of the stairs and you are moving very, very stealthily. At the top of the stairs, you see two men dressed up in sort of like, official-ish looking high-grade security armor, holding pistols with stun clubs at their sides, looking out into the darkness. And they have night vision goggles on.
P: I’m invisible.
CT: Mhmm.
MM: In our com, I’m like...
DR: Pox? Are you dead?
P: No.
DR: What do you see?
P: Two guys.
DR: Just two guys?
P: Two guys. Bad guys.
DR: Are they bad guys?
P: They’ve got really bad vibes.
DR: Can you push them down the stairs?
P: I can lure them to the stairs.
DR: Do you want me to kill them?
P: Yeah, probably. That seems right.
DR: Hey, Tech Wizard.
TW: Yeah?
DR: Are you hearing this?
TW: Yeah, I’m hearing it.
Z: Also, I can hear it too.
DR: Z, you can hear this too?
Z: Yeah, do you want me to tell KJ everything we’re saying, or does he need to know about this?
P: Don’t tell him.
DR: He doesn’t need to know. He would be freaked out.
Z: You sure? He’s right here.
P: Make sure he’s got the lollipop
DR: I’m right next to you, dude.
KJ: What’s goin’ on, you guys?
GR: You see the guys start to walk down the stairs.
P: Oh my God, oh my God.
Z: Hey, Pox. If you can take one of those guys down, we’ll try to run up from below and then take the other dude down after he turns around.
P: Uh, yeah. I’m gonna use my sword to slice his legs.
GR: The guys with guns are coming closer. 
P: Oh my God. oh my God! Here I go!
Z: Kill them!
GR: I’ll give you a jump on them.
ES: I’m gonna do blades plus agility plus two. I got seven hits.
GR: What’s the damage value on your weapon?
ES: Five plus Three P.
MM: Three P?
BB: Five plus three P is, uh…
ES: PP?
ES: My strength is three.
GR: Three plus three is six, plus the three that got through is nine.
BB: I think he’s dead. 
GR: I cannot think.
ES: PP?
MM: Yes, PP?
ES: PP?
Z: Guys, not this game on the coms, okay?
DR: Look I’m just pissed off—
BB: Pox, didn’t you just slash a guy? How much damage did he take?
ES: I’m not sure yet.
GR: So you slice good at this guy’s legs, and he lets out a bloodcurdling scream. He trips and he falls down some stairs, so he’s fallen past you, and he’s on the ground now. He got a little bit hurt in falling down.
BB: What’s the other dude? Where is he?
GR: The other dude is like,
BB: And then, now are we rolling?
GR: Yeah, and now you are all rolling for initiative. He sees you. But you guys aren’t in the combat range, necessarily. 
BB: But we know combat started.
GR: But you guys all roll initiative to fight.
BB: I rolled a 13.
MM: I rolled a 13.
ES: I rolled a 10.
CT: I rolled an 11.
BB: We some fast motherfuckers. Go, Dak.
GR: Dak.
MM: Dak sprints up the stairs and shoots the first standing bad guy that he sees.
GR: Take off one just for the amount you had to move.
MM: I got one hit!
GR: You got one hit. You don’t make it close enough, but you can see up a bit this guy who’s...he’s just a little bit a ways from you. You don’t have a clear shot. You can try and shoot at him.
MM: I’m gonna try and shoot at him.
GR: Okay, you’re gonna take minus three.
MM: Okay. I got zero hits.
GR: You miss.
MM: Gah! But he knows I’m comin’ for his ass!
GR: P’ting! Is the sound of the bullet bouncing off the wall. Now we’re gonna go to Blair. Hold on one second. We’re going to Z.
BB: So, Zenith is honestly gonna do a very similar maneuver, where I’m gonna—can I do a running check the same way Dak just did?
GR: Yep, yep, yep.
BB: Alright, I got two hits.
GR: You get a little closer. You’re still not a clean shot. If you want to shoot at him, it’ll be minus two.
BB: Yeah, I’m gonna go ahead and do that.
GR: Okay. 
BB: Three hits.
GR: Three hits. Okay so, this dude gets dinged up a little bit. Oh wait, sorry. Were you shooting at the guy on the ground or standing up?
BB: Standing up.
GR: So, he gets grazed a little bit, bounces off him a little bit. He’s hurting. Okay, next we’re gonna go to Tech Wizard.
CT: There’s not enough light at the top of the stairwell for me to make out silhouettes or anything like that?
GR: It’s completely dark for you.
CT: I am going to hold my turn.
GR: Pox.
ES: How close am I to the guy that I just sliced?
GR: Oh, you know what? He’s rolled behind you, so he is now about a foot and a half away from you. 
ES: I’m gonna attempt to use my katana to slice him through the belly.
GR: Okay. You’re gonna get a plus two advantage because he is on a lower ground.
ES: Three hit. 
GR: He just managed to roll a little outta the way of the blade coming down. It’s now his turn. He stands up. He spends his turn getting to his feet and he shouts, “It’s her!” to the other guy. And the other guy puts his gun away, and grabs his stun baton and tries to hit you with the stun baton.
CT: Can I just speak for the audience and say, “Wow.” That was a twist. 
ES: I got one hit. 
MM: Oh God. 
BB: Man, it sounds like somebody’s thought Kannabis Jak was a girl and looked a lot like Pox. 
GR: He swung at you, but you dodged out of the way. Now we’re going to jump back around to DR. Dak Rambo. 
MM: So, I see the one guy who just stood up. I see the other guy who took a swing at my number one friend, Pox. And the guy who just took a swing. He got one strike? But he’s about to get hit by a pitch. I take out my Aeres predator V, which was in my right hand. I switch it my left hand, because I’m ambidextrous. It doesn’t matter what hand my gun is in. And by the way, that is cannon. I am ambidextrous. 
GR: And I’m Gannon. 
MM: And I’m dad. And I take a freaking shot at him. I try to shoot him right in the spinal column. 
BB: Yeah, dude.
P: Get him, Dak. 
DR: Pooh, pooh, pooh.
ES: Poo poo 1?
MM: Well, he’s got to beat two hits. 
CT: It’ hits him. 
GR: Two hits. You pull and you fire but you miss. 
MM: Damnit. I…
GR: Zenith. 
BB: Dope. So, I’m—
GR: I just came up with a really solid schoolroom insult for Zenith. I’m going to save it. 
MM: Does it rhyme with Penith? 
GR: Yes. Actually, it doesn’t rhyme. That’s it. 
BB: That is it? 
ES: Zenith. Penith. 
CT: Is it really it? 
GR: Penith. 
BB: Zenith the Penith. 
GR: Zenith. I can imagine a bunch of kids being like, “Zenith. Zenith. He has a tiny penith.” 
BB: Dude, that was pretty good. 
GR: That’s solid. 
BB: This is echoing through Zenith’s brain. Even though he has no memory of being a child. And with this weird childhood bullying echoing through the cavernous void that is his early childhood memories, he looks up and there’s two guys. 
GR: They’re both alive. 
BB: Dude on the ground. 
GR: There’s a healthy-looking dude and a guy’s who’s hurting who just stood up. 
BB: And what I’m going to do is fire a long burst from my machine pistol in my right hand, and I fire six bullets,
GR: Six. 
BB: which are all capable of dealing six damage each. 
P: You go, Z. 
TW: What? 
BB: I get four hits. 
GR: You just critically hit that guy. 
MM: Nice. 
GR: He just got shot up really bad and he is visibly bleeding. And he’s holding the side of the bannister to keep his strength. To keep himself propped up. 
BB: Very chill. 
GR: We’re going to hop to the Tech Wizard. 
TW: Guys, everything cool? 
DR: Die, motherfucker!
P: Come, Tech. 
KJ: Oh, I do not like the sound of that. 
TW: I think that we’re going to keep it cool here. I’m going to do the old TW standby. I’m going to cast a little safe barrier around the two of us. Me and my pal. 
GR: Love it. 
TW: And benefit to that is it glows slightly, so I can make out the few feet around me, which is great. I cast just a force one because it’s so small. 
GR: You got a little shield around you. Okay, so the hurting guy, he turns and tries to move his way up the stairs and the other guys is like, “Where are you going?” And he swings his stun baton at Pox. 
ES: Three.
GR: Okay. He hits you really hard; and you feel the electricity ripple through your body. And it’s a really horrible feeling. And you take six stun damage. Now, you took so much electricity, you are not going to be able to move your next turn. The Rambo mando. 
MM: Am I now able to run up the stairs? Right up to where the action’s happening? 
GR: Yeah. 
MM: Well, in that case, Dak Rambo’s barreling full steam ahead. So, I run up to the guy who just took a swing at her. I am going to attempt to pick him up and throw him down the stairs. Am I justified in doing this kind of thing? 
GR: So, unarmed combat plus strength. 
MM: I got three hits. 
GR: You picked him up. 
DR: This is for shocking my little buddy.
GR: So, you pick him up and you throw him down the stairs, and he isn’t even strong enough to fight back. You just toss him and his head bangs against the side of the stairs. And right next to you, you see a big old body go down. And Kannabis Jak is like…
TW: Thanks Dak. 
DR: Now that’s what I call a “stairing” contest. 
KJ: Honestly, I’ve seen many men die before, so this is actually cool. 
TW: Oh is it? 
MM: Dak Rambo snaps his head back to the guy who’s retreating. He runs up to him and he throws him down the stairs too. 
GR: I think it’s Tech Wizard’s turn. 
CT: Tech Wizard is very excited to finally get to hurt somebody. So, he’s just straight up. This guy’s at his feet. And he’s just going to blast right through his gut with a heavy frigging meaty bolt of lightning. He’s going to force five this. 
GR: Damn. 
MM: I think Gannon. I think I told you this moment was going to happen. That Casey was going to say force and then a number. And soon we’ll be calculating drain. 
CT: Oh dude. You knew that it was coming? 
MM: I predicted this. 
CT: Oh shit. He has seven. 
BB: We got a nose for Rambo over here. 
ES: Seven fancy. Yeah. 
GR: It blasts right through his armor leaving a scalding, horrible burn mark on this guy’s back. His body ripples with electricity, and he’s most certainly dead if he wasn’t already. 
CT: I give a little high five in my tiny little bubble to Kannabis Jak.
KJ: That was frigging ill, my man. 
TW: That’s the kind of shit you can look forward on the death race course, my dude.
KJ: Wait. Hold on a minute. If were in this bubble, then how did you go and electrocute that guy by standing over him? 
TW: Oh, because he fell down right next to us. 
KJ: So, why didn’t he bounce off of the bubble? 
TW: He fell down next to the bubble. It’s a tiny little bubble. 
KJ: So, you walked out of the bubble? 
TW: I shot at him.
Z: Hey, KJ. Don’t ask too many questions, buddy. Because I swear to God, half of it’s fake anyway. 
TW: Listen, buddy. The bubble is gone, alright? You want me to admit it? The bubble’s gone. 
MM: Dak Rambo’s going to throw this other guy down the stairs. 
GR: We’re going to go to Zenith. 
BB: So, this one dude. He’s—
GR He’s running. He’s a little out of your way. But he’s running up the stairs to try and get out of...He’s getting close to—
BB: I’m going to use...I’m going to move towards him as much as I can. And then I’m going to take a burst fire shot at him. 
GR: You’re going to take a minus one. 
MM: Yeah, fuck questions. 
BB: Five hits. 
GR: Nice. 
BB: Six hits. 
GR: Six hits? 
BB: Yeah. 
GR: The guy gets mowed down frigging Vietnam style. 
BB: Woah, woah. That was five bullets, my dude. I only shot three times. Who are those other two bullets coming from? 
GR: Like that. And then he just does a shimmy. 
BB: The guy can’t—
GR: And he holds his hands out. And then he falls down the stairs. 
Z: Catch him, Dak. 
DR: I’m right next to you. I’m—
Z: Catch him!
DR: Alright. I’m running down the stairs. I’m going to get him! 
GR: Alright, you’re right next to the body. 
MM: I pick him up by the lapel and I punch him right across the face. 
GR: He takes the punch. 
MM: And I say…
DR: Who sent you? 
GR: He’s dead.
MM: That’s not stopping me today. I go into Hell. And I ask him who him. 
GR: You see Satan. 
Z: Wait. Dak, Dak. Check his pockets. You love that, don’t you? 
DR: I’m in Hell right now. And I can’t hear you. I get no cell reception. 
[GR voices Satan (S)]: My name is Satan. 
DR: My name is Dak “fucking” Rambo.
S: I’ve heard much about you. 
DR: I bet you have, old man. I got a question I need I to ask this little guppy right here. 
Z: Dak, who are you talking to? 
S: He is mine now. 
DR: How about this? A little wager perhaps, Mister Satan? 
Z: Offer up Tech Wizard’s soul. 
S: Mayhaps a game of chess for this man’s soul? 
DR: Ah. 
GR: And he pulls out a chess board. 
MM: Dak Rambo rips his shirt off, showing his chest. And he’s clearly confused by what you meant. And he goes…
DR: Mine is the big...What’s that board? 
S: It’s a game of chess. 
BB: Zenith starts sending Dak - 
GR: You guys are just seeing Dak just shouting to the void. 
MM: I don’t hear you. 
DR: Look, I don’t know to play this game, but I got to ask this guy one question. And I don’t care what you say, you stinky old white man. 
S: I will let him answer for fun. 
DR: Good. Whatever. Who sent you? 
GR: Uh, you’re so strong, Dak Rambo. You’re so frigging strong. And your muscles are huge. 
DR: What? How do you know my name? 
TW, Z, and P: Dak. Dak!
CT: Slapping him across the face. 
TW: Dak. 
DR: Wow, I just—
BB: Kannabis Jak is getting in there and slapping him a few times too. 
KJ: Alright. Take that. And that. And that. 
DR: Enough slapping me. I just went to Hell and back. And I tried to get an answer out of the guy that we just clobbered. And all kept saying was just how cool I was. 
TW: Why are you hard as hell right now? 
DR: What?
TW: You’re hard as hell. 
Z: Man, those pants leave nothing to the imagination. 
TW: And they’re really tight. 
Z: You got a snake just reaching down the leg. 
ES: Pox is still laying on the ground like half-passed out. 
TW: Pox, come check out this boner. 
P: Alright. 
DR: Look, it’s not a boner, alright? That’s a...Let’s just be honest. It’s a boner. 
Z: It’s a godda—
P: Why do you have a boner right now? 
DR: Look, I got a body modification when I was 14. I got a...Look. Sometimes—
Z: Oh, is that the frog dick you were telling me about? 
DR: Look, it’s not a frog dick. It’s a hog dick. 
KJ: It’s called cloaca. 
Z: Oh fuck yeah. KJ. How are you doing man? 
KJ: Hell yeah. Fucking rocking in it, mate. 
DR: Guys, look. It’s going down, and we got to be going up these stairs. Now quick. Follow me. KJ? 
KJ: Yeah?
DR: Really funny. Keep laughing. But—
Z: Anybody ever call you Kilimanjaro? 
KJ: No. 
Z: Okay.
KJ: But are we going to climb these stairs like it was frigging K-2? 
Z: Well, you don’t have to. I think Dak was offering to carry you? 
DR: I’m already one floor ahead of you guys. 
Z: One floor? 
GR: There’s a door in front of you, Dak. 
MM: Dak opens it up... 
GR: Okay. 
MM: with a flash bang ready to go. 
GR: Okay. 
CT: I thought you were going to open it with a flash bang. Just throw the bomb in. 
MM: That would be stupid. 
BB: In the time it takes Dak to pull a flash bang out of his pocket, we catch up to him, so that we are all in one group next to the door. 
MM: Exactly. That’s correct. 
GR: So, Dak Rambo bursts the door open. He’s got the flash bang in his hand. He sees three dudes turn around all in the same dark clothes with night vision goggles and pull guns on him. At the bottom of the staircase, the one in this main party room is a robot splayed out and a cookie cake smashed on the floor. 
MM: I silently...My eyes focus in on them. They look at the robot with the smashed cookie cake, then focus back on the three men. And bullet time. I make eye contact with each of them. They all have…
GR: Night vision goggles. 
MM: Night vision goggles. 
GR: So, they look like scary guys like Sam Fisher. 
MM: I look at each one of their little lenses. I assume there’s like six lenses on each google? 
GR: Yeah. 
MM: Look in all of them. And I throw the flash bang. 
TW: Hey guys. What’s happening? 
P: These guys are here to take me. 
TW: I just mean like literally. I can’t see shit.

[EPISODEBREAK7]

MM: It was really cool because, first off, Orgene seems to be one of the first NPCs that—
CT: That we liked.
MM: That has weathered the storm of our torment.
CT: I agree with that all around. 
BB: Yeah, I wouldn’t say we treated him any differently...
MM: But he—
BB: he just handled it with aplomb.
ES: I burned him. 
MM: He earned respect from us, which has been rarely forthcoming from our gang.
BB: Yeah, Gannon if you wanna take notes. Anytime an NPC offer us a wave pool…
GR: So, Dak Rambo busts open the door. He sees three dudes with three gnarly Sam Shepard-looking, going-through-darkness, Tom Clancy Special Ops Soldiers staring him down. He gives them the steeliest look you’ve ever seen. He yells, “I’m Dak Rambo!” And throws the flash bang grenade. And in bullet time, we have a special CG camera following the grenades ascend and fall for the about 3-ft distance he lobbed it. As it’s flying through the air, the camera scopes up and you see the spiral staircase rolling down into the center of the room. The audience has dark vision. It’s broke. it’s beautiful.
CT: I love our audience.
GR: It’s ornate. It’s flipping through the air. In the distance you could sort of see the wave pool, splashing. To your right, you can see a beautiful old-fashioned bar with all this booze and a faint underlit light—the only light in the whole room. And then it hits the ground, and then at that moment, camera pulls back to Dak Rambo slamming the door behind him. And you hear a Bwah! And we have our heroes all facing each other in the darkness.
BB: Do we hear any bodies hit the ground?
GR: Do you hit any bodies hit the floor?
BB: Oh, do we hear? Yeah.
ES: Let the bodies hit the floor—
Everyone: Let the bodies hit the floor Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the floor...
CT: This is going to be cut out. This is going to be cut out...
Everyone: ...Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the—
ES: dun dun, floor!
GR:hit the floor!
MM: Let the... 
MM and ES: bodies hit the floor.
CT: I just want to say, for the record. We’ve never felt good when we sing, but I love that we do it anyway.
BB: Let the bodies hit the floor!
CT: We do it anyway—
MM: We do it anyway despite everyone’s protests.
ES: Everybody hates it but we love it so...
BB: Yeah, listen up, Neoscum listeners. You can’t stop us from singing during this stupid podcasts.
ES: You can’t!
MM: This is a musical podcast.
GR: This is like Hamilton.
MM: Okay, yeah so the door just slammed, and we’re all looking at each other, Tech Wizard’s at the bottom of the stairs, so it’s really...
GR: Oh, let’s say the bang hasn’t gone off yet.
MM: We’re just having this nice quiet moment before the bang goes out. Dak looks into the eyes of Zenith and he looks over—
BB: The eye.
MM: Into the eye. That’s right. I look into your one eye and your one metallic drone eyeball. And I look at Pox, and I say:
DR: Hey, you guys. I think I saw the cookie cake. It was on the ground, it was smashed.
Z: What?
DR: The cookie cake that we wanted.
P: You saw it?
DR: It was smashed on the ground!
Z: Tech Wizard, can you? Did you hear that, man?
CT: Tech Wizard is down there with Kannabis Jak.
TW: Is everything cool?
DR: They...I just threw a flash bang!
Z: We’re waiting to see if the bodies are gonna hit the floor or not.
DR: Hit the floor.
TW: Oh!
P: And they saw the cake! They saw...
Z: Oh yeah.
P: the cake.
TW: I don’t think they...the—
DR: Okay, look, they didn’t see the cake. I saw the cake. Dak Rambo saw the cake.
P: Oh, Dak saw the cake.
TW: Dak, you gotta tell me how that cake looks, buddy.
DR: Look, buddy. The cookie cake had hit the floor.
P: But is it still, like—?
Z: Did I not tell you guys that I saw all this through the security footage earlier?
P: Oh...
DR: Yeah, I know but—
Z: They were, like, there were executions in there. 
P: Right, she was dead on the floor with the cookie cake.
Z: Yeah, there were killer drones.
P: But you saw the actual...Those guys didn’t try to take it or eat our cookie cake!
DR: I have confirmation that they didn’t hack the feed and make it look like the cookie cake was actually...
P: It’s there.
DR: on the ground as some sort of elaborate illusion.
TW: Is it still edible is the question?
Z: Right.
P: I mean...
TW: Can you still…?
Z: I feel like they’re not gonna have the good type of cookie cake anyway.
DR: Dak Rambo’s got a little rule called the five-hour rule.
P: And there’s only one way to find out if it’s still edible.
DR: By…
DR and P: ...eating it.
Z: Hell yeah!
CT: Alright, Tech Wizard stops blindly up the steps.
TW: Does somebody have a flashlight or something?
MM: Oh, I have one but it broke in the last episode.
CT: Really? When did that happen?
MM: It happened because I was so high from that space weed that I forgot I have got these damn cat-eyes that a scientist put in my eyes. Dr. Zefian Wongburger. The scientist that changed me.
GR: Bang!
Everyone: Whoa! Okay!
P: Went off!
GR: Yeah, you hear a THUMP, THUMP.
P: Two bodies hit the floor.
BB: Just two total?
MM: Weren’t there three of them?
P: Well, we only heard two bodies.
Z: Maybe one of them hit the ground at the same exact time as the flashbang went off.
DR: A synchronized body floor—
TW: Only one way to find out...
P: Or maybe it was two. Maybe it was one’s butt and then his head.
Z: But what if that was the sound of two guys jumping really hard?
P Oh, to get out of the way.
Z: Guys open open that way. 
TW: What if they just saw our cookie cake, and that was them reaching down and picking it up?
DR: The thud! The thud of a pick-up. That’s the classic sound of a thud—
P: That huge thud! It was just with their lead fists!
DR: Hey guys, real quick. Do you just want to open this door and pop our head out, like Scooby Doo people?
Z: Yeah, but only if—
P: Let’s just kill ‘em!
Z: But only if we could figure out our exact heights and where we should put each other in order to make sure that it’s like a column of heads.
DR: Okay. I’m onboard. 
P: I-I’m definitely at the bottom.
DR: Pox, Tech Wizard, Z, Dak. Let’s go!
TW: Kannabis Jak.
P: That’s correct.
Z: Where do we put Kannabis Jak?
[GR voices Kannabis Jak (KJ)]: Did somebody say my frigging—
P: Kannabis Jak, you hide downstairs. Here’s a lollipop. Alright, bye.
KJ: So does this mean I can get back in the friggin chamber?
DR: Just lay low for one second. We’re gonna pop this door open like a can o’ Coke.
Z: Guys, is it just me, or is Kannabis Jak getting less or more Australian every time we talk to him?
DR: Look, he’s probably...spends time in so many different countries in virtual reality.
TW: As a baby. Not all of them. 
P: He fluctuates quite a lot.
TW: That’s a very—
DR: Babies’ minds are...
TW: Yeah.
DR: very malleable.
Z: Good point.
DR: If he’s spending—
TW: Neuroplasticity. I know that as a… Tech Wizard.
DR: Open the door!
GR: Okay. Open the door! Okay, everyone roll for initiative.
MM: This is weird, that we’re doing this even though there’s...
BB: Fifteen!
MM: —no one there. Eleven.
GR: And yours?
CT: Fourteen.
GR: And yours?
ES: Ten.
GR: So, you bust open the door, and you see there’s one dude very dazed, running in the open...up away from the spiral staircase towards the wave pool.
BB: Is he the only dude standing right now?
GR: He’s the first dude you see.
BB: I’m gonna move into the room and I guess, can I see the location of anybody besides that one dude?
GR: You have to do a roll for Perception there.
BB: Yeah. I got one hit!
GR: He’s the only guy you see.
BB: Well, I’m gonna shoot this guy.
GR: Okay.
P: That sounded good.
BB: Two hits.
GR: Two hits. Two hits. And what’s the damage value on that weapon of yours?
BB: Uh, six P!
GR: Six P. So that’s eight P. So it’s just you sticking one of your hands out, wrist-style. You frigging blaze off on this guy, doing a solid 4, and he hits the ground really hard. Tech Wizard’s turn. You’re with Kannabis Jak...
BB: No, he’s up at the top with us.
CT: I’ve come back up to the top now.
GR: Okay, you feel a tug on your robe.
CT: Okay. I acknowledge the tug.
GR: It’s Kannabis Jak.
TW: Yeah, man. What’s up?
KJ: I know you guys just told me to stay down. Sorry, one second. I know that you fricking told me that I should stay down in the VR thing; but I was just remembering how a few moments earlier you were telling me that you were gonna get me out of this alive; and I was gonna help you out so you think you could do that for me?
TW: Yeah dude. We didn’t mean go back in your VR chair and get all frigging baby again. Just hang back a step or two. Do you wanna die?
KJ: I wanna take a life.
TW: Oh! Oh, you wanna kill somebody.
KJ: Yeah, I wanna kill somebody!
TW: Oh, why didn’t you frickin say that? 
KJ: I don’t know. 
TW: Why do you got to dance around the point?
KJ: Well, I am now. I don’t know how to ask.
TW: Guys, guys, guys. Hold on.
DR: What’s up!
TW: Don’t be embarrassed. Our boy, Kannabis Jak, today wants to become a man.
DR: What?
TW: He wants to kill another human being.
KJ: I’ve definitely killed someone behind the wheel. I’ve definitely done vehicular manslaughter but I would really like to look in my opponent’s eyes before his life is taken from him.
TW: Oh, for sure.
Z: Do you have, like, a weapon of some sort?
KJ: Nooo.
DR: Look, why are we even giving this guy the time of day? Look, you wanna kill somebody?
KJ: Yeah.
Z: Get a gun, buddy!
DR: Get a gun, learn the hard way, like we all did—as an accident.
P: I’ve got an idea. Why don’t you follow us and don’t act like a baby? And then maybe you’ll kill someone.
DR: Okay, you know what, a lot of people are baby-shaming him, but... you know, we all have different things, and—
P: Look, we all got our time to be a baby. Why should he get more time to be a baby?
Z: Right, but I mean if you wanna do that with your life I don’t think there’s anything inherently wrong with that.
DR: I think it is wrong that he wants to kill someone just for whatever sick reason he wants to because it’s wrong to take a life—sure, we do it all the time. But it’s normally justified. But also the baby thing? Stay away from the baby thing, alright? Because that’s his thing.
Z: But the killing thing. He just wants to reclaim some agency in this situation. Because they’re, like, in his own place. And I mean, I get that a little bit, you know.
GR: He’s picked up two guns from the two guys you just wasted earlier. And he’s holding them both in his hands like...
Z: Right, you gotta pick one, buddy.
KJ: I think I’m ready. 
DR: He could dual wield, man.
KJ: Oh, but I wanna shoot both of them.
P: Good. 
Z: I got to be honest with you. As a guy with two machine gun pistols implanted in both of his arms, dual wielding has no actual purpose in Shadowrun, buddy. Put one of the guns down.
KJ: I’m gonna use them both.
Z: Put one of the guns down.
DR: Here, I’ll take that from you, buddy.
Z: Just pick the gun and use that one.
KJ: Alright.
GR: He gives one of the guns to Dak Rambo.
TW: How about use that other hand to maybe find the light switch?
KJ: Oh, I thought you were gonna say to jack it.
TW: Oh you don’t know what I was gonna say with the other gun.
KJ: I’ll find a light switch.
TW: Yeah, find a light switch.
KJ: Okay!
DR: Maybe there’s one down at the bottom of the stairs.
Z: Yeah, next to the VR headset.
KJ: No, that’s for the other room. 
DR: Okay.
CT: I mean, like they—
MM: Whose initiative is it? Because it’s definitely not this—
BB: Still Tech Wizard’s. We were waiting for him to make a bold maneuver.
KJ: Oh, alright, I’m gonna shut up now.
CT: That one guy is falling on...fell on the ground.
GR: Yeah, you... and he fell down.
CT: Do the other guys...Well, I can’t see. I can’t see shit.
GR: You could try to see. You’ve given up pretty fast.
CT: Can I see?
GR: It’s really dark. But you can try to see. If you want to play Perception, roll for Perception.
DR: Do a Perception check, brother.
CT: Fine, alright. Uh, two hits.
GR: You notice a flickering behind the bar. And you don’t know if it’s someone bobbing their head around or just the light fucking up.
CT: Hmm.
GR: We’re gonna go to Dak R.
MM: Dak Rambo’s gonna do a quick Perception check. Ooh yeah, baby. I got three hits.
GR: You see some movement coming down the staircase and you actually hear a someone’s coming down the spiral staircase in front of you.
MM: And we haven’t seen Orgene yet, right?
GR: No, you haven’t seen Orgene.
MM: So, I guess I’m gonna run up to the stairs. Not a sprint but a run closer to see if I can get a better glimpse of the sound that I heard.
GR: You see one guy, you see a head bobbing down the stairs. And you also see someone taking cover behind the stairs.
MM: I’m gonna take a shot at the dude on the stairs, not the guy in the cover.
GR: You’re gonna take minus two because he is somewhat covered by the banister.
MM: Ah, okay. I got two hits.
GR: Oh, you missed.
MM: Damn.
GR: Pox.
ES: I would first like to say that I have something called Enhanced Perception, which I believe gives me a plus two on all perception checks, which I never have used.
GR: Okay!
ES: So, whoops. So, I’m gonna do a perception check. That could’ve helped us a lot in the past. Whoopsie! I got three!
GR: Three! You see a glint of green light from behind the bar.
ES: I’m going to sneak to the bar.
GR: Sneak to the bar. Okay, roll a sneak.
ES: Two hits.
GR: So you start sneaking your way over to the bar. Guy pops up behind the bar and shoots at you.
P: Well, guys, at least now we know there’s someone behind the bar.
ES: One, two, three…
MM: Four!
ES: Four hits!
GR: You made it, okay. So dude pops up from behind that counter. Pops off at you a few times. Misses.
P: Ha! I’m fast. You’re slow.
GR: Okay, so Dak Rambo. One of the guys pops over the banister and shoots at you. He’s got a height advantage, so he’s gonna take a bit of an advantage there...
DR: What? He’s seven feet tall? 
GR: One, two, three, four, five.
MM: Oh God. Five hits?
GR: Five hits.
MM: Guys, I’m rolling a lot of dice but that’s, ah, hey—
ES: I believe.
MM: A tall order. I believe in a thing called love. 
ES and MM: Just listen to the rhythm of my heart. 
MM: Ooh. Eh, alright.
CT: Oh, that was it?
ES: Ooh.
MM: I got one hit!
GR: One hit.
CT: That was your one hit.
GR: One hit.. So that was four.
ES: What are the odds?
GR: Dak roll your Body and Armor.
MM: I got four hits.
GR: Okay, you take six physical damage.
MM: Ooh, ouch. Okay, I’m gonna have to take minus two to my rolls now.
GR: The other guy who’s behind the staircase pops up at you too and fires off a shot.
DR: Ugh!
GR: Three hits.
MM: I like the first one better. I got two hits.
GR: Roll your Body and Armor.
DR: Guys, this is not looking too good for Old Dak.
Z: We have your back, whether you’re alive or dead. And we’ll find your kids. All of them.
TW: Never.
DR: There’s no way in hell. That’s a side quest that’s gonna take 99 hours.
TW: Fricking just look outside. In any given space.
MM: One, two, three, four hits.
GR: You take two physical damage.
DR: Fuck off!
Z: Nothing Dak Rambo hasn’t seen before.
ES: I don’t know if we can do it. 
GR: So you run up. You see that guy up the banister. You take off your gun. You fire off at him. The first bullet hits you right in the chest—
BB: In the heart?
GR: No, not in the heart. Tight in the chest. Like right here, which is in the chest.
GR:For the viewer at home, I’m tapping my chest.
ES: Sternum.
GR: The sternum! And then the second bullet hits you in the thigh.
MM: He screams defiantly after getting hit in the chest, but then when he gets hit in the leg, that leg gives out. And he spins out and falls on the ground, beating the ground in a tantrum like a angry child.
BB: Would you say Dak has really met his match?
MM: No, I would not say that. I would never say that.
GR: Let’s go now to Blair.
BB: Uh, sorry. Who?
GR: Let’s go now to Z.
Z: Has the dude I fired at done anything besides hit the ground?
GR: He started crawling away towards the wave pool, dragging himself along.
Z: Can I still see him?
GR: So, looking out the door, Zenith sees man on his left about 12 feet away crawling on his stomach, bleeding profusely. Directly in front of him, he sees Dak Rambo who just took two shots.
Z: From a dude up in the banister?
GR: From a dude up in the banister and a dude ducking below by the stairs. And then to your right, you see Pox in a sneaky position moving towards the bar where there’s a dude taking cover who just fired a shot at her and missed.
Z: Do I have a line of sight on the guy up who just took a shot at Dak?
GR: Yeah. He’s a good distance away from you and you’ll take some penalty trying to shoot at him but you could definitely—
GR: You could see his head.
Z: Can I use that as a simple action. San I move closer to him and close the distance?
GR: You’ll still have cover, and you’ll be out of cover but....
Z: Is there any cover in the room besides—?
GR: The room is pretty frustratingly open. There’s the bar to your right that the other dude is hanging behind. And then everything else is this flat-out kind of ballroom-type setup. Not chairs. No tables.
MM: Would you say that this is a ballroom blitz?
ES and MM: Ballroom blitz. 
MM: That’s the only part of that song I know.
BB: I actually don’t know this song we’re referencing here.
GR: Oh, it’s by AC/DC.
ES: Ballroom blitz.
BB: Is it for real by AC/DC?
GR: It’s by The Sweet.
BB: Okay, so what I’m gonna do is, I’m gonna move closer to the guy who just took a shot at my good boy Dak Rambo. And then what I’m gonna do is fire a burst-fire shot.
ES: Ooh.
BB: I got one, two, three, four hits.
GR: Nice. He got three. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay! So, you rush up. You see your friend just took some shots. You stick your hand out and you fire burst shot at this guy. And he takes it hard. It hits him twice in the chest and the third bullet wings by his head and he does a little spin and falls on the ground.
Z: I’m real good at knocking people on the ground, guys.
GR: Okay, it’s Tech Wizard’s turn.
TW: Kannabis Jak. Can—
GR: You feel a tug on your robe.
TW: Can you see...Hey, hey, dude. Can you see in the dark?
KJ: Yeah.
TW: Hey Jak. You wanna kill somebody?
KJ: Boy, do I!
TW: Alright, I want you to grab my arm.
KJ: Uh-uh.
TW:Like this. And I want you to point it at a human being.
CT: Tech Wizard casts Flame Thrower.
GR: Okay—
MM: This is resourceful.
GR: He points your arm at Eleni. I mean, Pox, and... 
ES: I’m an elf!
TW: Target in your sights, Jak?
KJ: Target’s in sight.
TW: I can’t hold back, I don’t know.
ES: Does Pox see this happening?
GR: Pox does not see this happening.
ES: Oh my God! 
MM: Why would Pox expect this?
ES: Well, Kannabis Jak is a dum-dum. I’m an elf. I’m not even human.
BB: Maybe if you gave him a little less shit about everything.
CT: These dice are so much bigger.
BB: I think the main thing I’m taking issue with is Tech Wizard handing him ultimate power.
CT: What?
MM: Tech Wizard’s been a shadowrunner for like a month now, and...
CT: I think that’s a really smart move for somebody who literally has not...
ES: That is a very smart move.
CT: been able to do anything for an episode and a half.
BB: Oh no, I—
MM: Don’t talk about Blair that way!
CT: Tech Wizard does force three. Holy shit. 
MM: Only one hit. 
CT: 17 dice. One hit. 
ES: Thank God. I got three. 
MM: She got three. She’s sick. 
GR: You feel a hot feeling behind you. And that hot feeling says, “Get away from me.” So you roll out of the way and the flame hits the ground and creates a little fire so now you can see a little better, TW. 
CT: And I see that I’m doing that and I scream. And I whip my hand around. And the flame through the air. 
GR: So, you got a pretty good shot. A sight line on the bar. So now we’re going jump from you to DR. 
DR: Dak Rambo here. I just got shot twice. I’m on the ground. 
MM: Old game master Reedy? 
GR: Mmmhmm? 
MM: Are any of these little splinter cell green-eyed goons by the wave pool? 
GR: There’s one that is crawling away on his stomach bleeding profusely. 
MM: He’s not much of a threat. Because I’m now on the ground, do I have a better vantage for shooting through the rails up at my assailants? 
GR: I’ll give that to you. You’re looking a little bit better. On your back, you can a little...some little spots through the bannister you can maybe aim through. 
MM: I’m going to, on my back, upside down, take my gun. Spin it all around. Then I’m going to go to shoot some guy town. I shoot my gun through the rails, screaming, holding it with two hands for extra aim and three extra die. 
BB: So this is kind of like Point Break, but you’re actually trying to hit the guy? 
MM: Yeah. Because I’m mad as hell. Let’s see here. That’s going to be 19 die. 
ES: No.
BB: For the listeners at home, Mike Migdall just grabbed seven die. 
ES: And then did the shifty eyes. 
MM: I do shifty eyes. That’s just to make my teammates laugh and smile, so that we have a better time. 
ES: Yeah, because this sucks. 
MM: Woah. 
ES: I’m kidding. Love ya’. Bye. 
MM: Ah, thank you. 
BB: We’re not here for the wannabe guys. They can hear this. 
MM: They’re all here because they all lost a nasty bet.
BB: Some people have day jobs. We just show up on podcasts once every other week. 
ES: They got us chained down here.
MM: Booyah. I got...You know what? F this. I’m going to reroll. I’m going to burn an edge or spend an edge. Excuse me. 
GR: We should have a song spending an edge that we play. Like it’s just a little sting like SportsCenter where it goes like. So, you’d be like...Say it. 
MM: Alright, guys. Looks I got to spend an—
GR: Spend an edge. 
MM: Hey, I’m going to get there. 
GR: Okay. Sorry. 
MM: Hey, I’m Dak Rambo, and I’m here to here to do one thing. And that’s...Hey, guys. I got a pocket full of edge, and I’m at the edge store. I think I’m going to spend one. I’m spending—
BB: Wait. You’re at the edge store? Like the store sells edge or…?
CT: It’s like the Dollar General, you know? It’s in the neighborhood.
MM: Thank you, Tech Wizard for imagining a world with me. Maybe not against me. 
BB: Just saying most stores usually have the name of the thing they sell in aisles. 
MM: You ever been to fucking dollar store? 
BB: I mean you have one example. I have every other store in—
CT: But his store his is the example that exists. 
MM: And mine comes from love not hatred. 
GR: Say, “Spend an edge,” again, so I can draw drop in that sound drop. 
BB: Looks like somebody better do something, so this argument doesn’t suck so bad. Maybe—
MM: Look, that’s too far. You know I love arguments. And I hate to do this now, but I have spend an edge. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. I got four hits. 
GR: So, you spend an edge and you got four hits. What’s the damage value? 
MM: Eight P. 
GR: Eight P. Nasty. Oh boy. Can you smell what Dak Rambo is cooking? Dak Rambo hits his back on the ground, holding up his monster gun, right? What kind of gun is this? 
MM: It’s Ares predator V and it’s got a little engraving on it. 
GR: What does it say? 
MM: Engraving on it says, “Blind Science.” 
GR: You let off one pop, and it sounds like a rocket. And the bullet goes up, right through the bannister, straight into this dude’s stomach in the soft spot. And he gets hit. And he takes a tumble down the stairs. Bonk, bonk, bonk, bonk. 
MM: Dak Rambo, with one hand, mops some sweat off of his forehead and goes…
DR: Yeah. Go team!
TW: What happened? Just kidding I can see now. 
BB: Zenith looks over at Tech Wizard and says…
Z: Oh, Dak just finished off that I shot. 
TW: Yeah, I know. There’s a fight on the ground. I get it. 
Z: I got video. 
TW: Dude. You’re going to play that later? 
Z: Yeah, we can play it later. 
TW: Oh, sick. 
MM: Dak Rambo tries to roll to cover. But like sideways roll? Like you’re on the ground? It’s topdown roll. 
GR: Your turn’s over, Dakkar. 
MM: I thought I could steal an extra move. 
GR: No you can’t. Everyone roll initiative again.
BB: 15. 
ES: What’s nine plus six? 
BB: 15. 
ES: Me too. 
MM: 12. 
CT: 11. 
GR: We’re going to Pox. 
ES: So the guy—
GR: So, there’s the one guy behind the bar. 
ES: And we’re just looking at each other, and I’m looking at him. And he’s looking at me. And I’m going to lunge over the bar and slice him in the face with katana. So once. 
GR: Roll for that. 
ES: I just might. 
GR: You’re going to take minus one because you’re leaping over a bar. 
ES: What? I have wall running skill, so wouldn’t that count as leaping over a thing? 
GR: No, that’s for running on walls. 
ES: This is like a—
GR: You’re jumping over a bar. 
CT: It’s still - 
GR: That’s not running on a wall. 
ES: What about light body? 
MM: I think our viewers are going to be—
GR: You’re taking minus one. That ain’t nothing. 
ES: Alright. Fine. 
BB: My phone is great for jumping over something. 
ES: I got four, five—
MM: Five hits. 
CT: Fucking hits!
ES: I got five!
GR: You got five.
BB: You know what? Actually...Let’s take that back. 
ES: But imagine if I had one more, I may on—
MM: Let’s add one more die. 
CT: Remember when I had 17 dice and I rolled a one?
ES: I know. 
MM: That saved her life. 
ES: And then you next turn was just like…
CT: It’s true. 
ES: Yeah, that’s very true. 
BB: Remember when you deliberately tried to kill Pox? 
GR: You leap over the bar. Katana unfurled. 
CT: Nice. 
GR: You slice him right across the face. And his glasses. The glowing green eyes. It shatters right in front of you. And you feel the taste of the sword cutting into his face. And he cries and he falls back. 
ES: Yes! I sliced that mother Beep. 
GR: And he hits the ground. 
BB: Does he do it a way that’s like this guy has a kid and a family? 
MM: Or is he a loner and maybe he has no connections or friends? 
BB: Does he look like he’s going to die without leaving anyone behind? 
GR: It’s hard to say because it’s really dark, and he’s wearing that thing over his face. 
ES: But really? 
GR: But he does have a tattoo on his neck that says, “My son’s name is Derrick.” 
P: And your son’s going to miss you very much. 
GR: He kind of turns a little bit and his shirt gets undone a little bit more and you can see the tattoo of a 12-year-old boy’s smiling face. And it’s actually a moving tattoo. And a speaking tattoo. And it says, “I love you, dad.” 
ES: I still don’t feel remorse. 
GR: “I love playing catch with you,” the son says. 
ES: And Pox is crying, but also like....
P: No! I don’t care. 
GR: “The time we’ve had together. I treasure.” 
MM: That tattoo says all of that? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: It speaks that out loud. 
MM: Wow. 
ES: Is this—?
GR: But only Pox can hear it because it’s a rather quiet tattoo. 
BB: Well it would have to be for him to a stealth operative.
ES: Did he die? Is he dead? 
GR: You’re not sure. 
ES: But he’s down on the ground and I’m 
GR: He’s down on the ground. 
ES: Looking at all of his tattoos and I’m crying. 
MM: Eleni is actually crying right now. 
ES: I started crying a little.
MM: The foyer is named Pox. 
BB: Eleni is so messed. 
ES: She’s like... 
P: I’m killing this guy now, and I want to not care so much. 
MM: Listeners, what you’re hearing is the sound of tear drops hitting Eleni’s mic. 
ES: Pop, pop, pop, pop. 
P: That’s my sadness. I’m sorry. 
ES: Well, now my eyes are just burning, so they’re just crying involuntarily.
GR: We’re going to jump over to Z. 
BB: So, by my count, we killed the guy on the stairs. We killed the guys behind the bar, and so now there’s the bleeding dude next to the wave pool? 
GR: It’s hard to say if any of these guys are dead, but they’ve all hit the ground pretty critically. 
BB: Which ground-based dying dude am I closest to? 
GR: You are closest to the two dudes by the stairs. There’s one guy who’s behind the stairs on the ground bleeding out. And there’s another dude who’s sort of like slumped and fallen down the stairs. He seems to be trying to get his composure. 
BB: Can I walk over to that dude? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: And I’m going to put my palm right up to his forehead. 
GR: So, you walk around. You just hear the groaning sounds of the guy behind the staircase like... And then you walk up to the dude on the stairs. And he just looks up a you. And you put your gun up against his head. 
BB: It’s not quite up against his head as much as I’m holding it up to him. And I’m just going to ask him…
Z: How many more of you are there? 
[GR voices Hitman (H)]: Eat shit fuck wad. 
BB: I’m going to take a simple action and shoot the dude. 
CT: Simple action? 
MM: My mom is going to hate this part when she listens to the podcast. I just know it. 
H: There’s four. There’s four. 
Z: Wait. Why did you change your mind there? Is it because I looked I was about to rolls 12 die? 
H: I-I...There’s four more guys. 
Z: Four more besides the three of you in this room? 
H: There’s three more guys. 
Z: Okay. So, we killed two on the stairs—
H: Wait a minute. No, no, no. There’s—
Z: We’re pretty much...We’ve finished this room. 
H: Five. There’s five. 
Z: Five left? 
H: Or maybe it was four. 
Z: Dude, if you don’t tell me how many fucking people there are in this building right now, I’m going to shoot the crap out of you. 
H: I don’t know, man. I just want to see my son, whose name is Derrick. 
Z: You got a tattoo, dude? 
H: Yeah. 
GR: He shows a tattoo on his wrist and it says, “United States Marines.” 
Z: I don’t know, man. That doesn’t look like a kid. 
CT: Stolen valley. 
P: Z, those are fake tattoos. 
CT: I don’t believe it. 
Z: Look, man. I am trying to find any reason not to just blow your brains right here. But you are lying to me, and you don’t have any of the information I need. Give me something. 
H: I’m not really a member of the United States Marines. 
Z: Holy shit, man. 
H: I was trying to steal valor. 
CT: Holy fuck. This—
H: I’m sorry. 
Z: Dude. I am not kidding. You got to get rid of that tattoo. 
H: I got the tattoo. I—
Z: That is not a cool thing. How have you not gotten the shit kicked out of you and bar your ass? 
H: I once got to ride on a float because of this tattoo. 
Z: Oh my God. 
H: I’ve never told anyone. So many of my friends are Marines, and they don’t that I’m never served. But I do have a son named Derrick. 
Z: Is that real? 
H: No! It’s not real. But there are five more guys. 
Z: Five more guys in addition to the three of you? 
H: Or, no there was four. 
Z: How many total were there when you guys came in here? Did you come together in a car? 
H: Well, there was Orgene, me, this guy—
MM: Wait.
H: This guy. This guy. This guy. 
Z: Wait. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. 
H: I think there’s four more. 
Z: Stop. Stop. 
BB: Can I grab this dude and drag him towards the rest of these guys? 
GR: How strong are you? What’s the number, baby? 
BB: My strength is three. 
GR: Okay. Yeah, you can grab him and drag him. 
BB: I’m not like trying to hoist this dude. I’m literally just dragging him too. I’m assuming he’s gibbering mess at this point. 
GR: You’re leading him along.
BB: I still have my hand up against his temple. And then I throw him on the ground in front of the rest of these guys. 
Z: Can you say that first name one more time, dude? 
H: There was Pigo here.
Z: Okay. Stop pointing to people you know the name - 
H: He was there. This is is Pigo. 
[MM voices Pigo (PG)]: I’m dying. 
H: Pigo! Pigo. My God. Pigo, you’re going to be okay. 
PG: No, this is it for Pigo. 
H: Pigo!
PG: Pigo signing off. 
H: No, Pigo. Pigo. Wait. Before you die. There’s something I have to tell you. 
PG: What? 
H: I’m not really a Marine. 
PG: Are you fucking ki-...
H: Why did I plod into this world to bring so much pain. 
Z: Get off of me, dude. Just let go of my arm. 
H: I…
Z: Stop. Guys, when I asked him how many people were coming in here, he said Orgene was one of the people. 
DR: What? 
CT: Wait. 
DR: Wait.
MM: Dak Rambo’s going to stand up. 
DR: You mean Orgene the troll? 
TW: I mean how else did they get up here? If you think about it, only Kannabis Jak and Orgene had—
DR: Maybe they got an Orgene. Maybe Orgene is a common name. 
P: And I bet you Orgene washed all our clothes, so that he could screw us up. 
DR: What does that mean? 
P: Because your pants are too small. 
DR: Yeah, that’s why I got shot. 
P: And your robes are too fresh. 
TW: Well, my confidence is rattled because they’re too fresh. 
Z: Obviously, the big problem with Tech Wizard throughout this whole thing is that we didn’t get him a flashlight. 
TW: Yeah, honestly, I am—
DR: Hey, look, buddy. Where the frick is Orgene? 
GR: He turns his head into his jacket. He’s crying. 
TW: Hey, quit crying. You’re a Marine, aren’t you? 
H: Send backup ASAP. 
P: Wait a minute. 
DR: Woah. 
BB: Can I pull it right there? 
GR: You shoot him? 
BB: I’m going to do it. Three hits. 
DR: That son of a bitch. 
H: Send back up ASAP.
DR: Guys. 
BB: Just one. 
GR: Oh. 
Z: Done. 
MM: Dak Rambo grabs his coat, and I look for the thing that he just spoke into. Is there one or was he using his button? 
GR: Yeah, it’s a com. 
DR: Hey, listen up you sons of bitches. We work for Big Marco, and he’s hot shit in this city. My name? It’s Dak Rambo. Hey, squad. You want to sound off real quick and clap back at these assholes? 
P: I don’t want to. I don’t think that they should know. 
DR: That’s Pox. 
P: Oh my God
DR: And she’s going slit you here fricking katana like a goddamned samurai. 
P: That’s so funny. 
DR: Anyone want to pop off? 
P: My name is Marcy. I am not whoever. Pox? 
DR: Pox is great at doing voices. 
TW: Wait. Are we doing characters again? 
P: I am Marcy. I am...
TW: I’m the Fist Wizard. I like the punch. 
Z: Hi. My name’s Blintz. 
TW: That’s such a good Blintz. 
DR: That’s the guy—
Z: I fucking suck. I’m such a shitty person. 
DR: I don’t know. I didn’t really talk to Blintz that much. 
Z: My name’s Blintz and I—
DR: But he seemed like a fine guy. 
Z: And when I talk, I spit all over my chin. 
DR: He did. He was. 
ES: I have a...Let me know when I can do this. But I have Impersonation of six. Could I impersonate that a guy that we just killed and then try to convince them that…?
GR: Yeah, sure. I mean you can do that. 
MM: Pox. Fucking...hold on. Time out. Time out. Pox, did you want me to be recording when you just said all that or…? 
ES: No. What the fuck is wrong with you? 
MM: And what does Impersonate six mean? 
ES: It means that I’m really good at...You know what? Turn your ears off for a second. Just don’t listen. 
MM: La, la, la, la. 
ES: Thank you. 
CT: Hey, I’ve got Animal Handling. Can I do anything with that? 
MM: Look. There’s no just—
P: There’s no animals in here. 
Z: Tech Wizard. Get away from the mic. 
DR: I got Animal Handling too, buddy. If you want to have an animal hand off. 
TW: Uh-oh. Are we about to arm wrestle? 
ES: One. I got three hits. 
GR: You got three hits total? 
ES: Yeah. 
GR: Why don’t you give your impression into the com. 
P: Oh, guys. I’m not in the Marines. I’m sorry I lied. But really. We’re all fine here. We got these guys detained, okay? Thanks. 
DR: That’s not true. We killed them all. And guess what? We’re coming for you. I hope you like the sound of my voice because it’s going to be the last thing you hear. 
GR: You hear a big voice over the speakers. 
[GR voices Orgene (O)]: Hey, guys. It’s Orgene. I know that we seemed like we were pals. But you guys are going to fucking die here. 
MM: Oh, hey. It’s the middle of the show. 
ES: Wow. 
BB: Hello. 
CT: Oh man. This is my favorite part of the show. 
MM: This is Mike Migdall. 
CT: This is Casey Toney. 
ES: This is Eleni Sauvegeau. 
BB: And I’m Blair Britt. But wait. Why is there an empty chair next to me? 
MM: Gannon is not here because he is currently hard at work at a rehearsal. 
BB: Hey, guys. Sorry I’m late. This is me. Gannon Reedy. 
ES: Oh, Gannon.
CT: Hey, Gannon. How was your frigging Our Town rehearsal? 
BB: Oh crap. I got to get back. 
BB: Man, he was in a hurry for sure. 
CT: The adventure never stops. 
ES: Ever.
BB: Except for right now. For a brief moment. 
CT: Literally right now. 
MM: Hey, everybody. Welcome to the interlude of NeoScum. It’s the middle of the episode, and you made it. 
ES: Woof. 
CT: Yeah, woof guys. If you...This show fucking sucks. 
ES: Ah, fences. 
CT: And bravo to you, Mom and Dad. 
ES: You got your—
CT: Just kidding. My mom and dad are never going to get this far. Hey, I just want to do one quick shout out. I want to thank the guy whose car alarm has been going off the entirety of this interlude. I think it’s going to make it great to edit. And I think it’s really giving you that Chicago feel that you just can’t get from any other podcast but NeoScum. 
BB: And NeoScum’s the only podcast that gets recorded on the sidewalk on Belmont and Clarke. We get the sounds of the city. Follow us on Twitter @NeoScum. All one word because you can see fan art that we repost or you can see gan art, which is art that our game master Gannon has made. #Ganart. 
ES: Gan art. That’s cool. 
CT: That’s the first time that’s been said. That’s amazing. 
ES: I love it. 
MM: Somebody in a review called us, “scummers,” which I thought was also a cool name for us, and also could be a cool name for you if you want to take up that moniker as your own. 
ES: Become a scummer. 
BB: If you want us to make scummers t-shirts, shirts that say, “Scummer” on them, give us a review on iTunes, and tell us in the body of your review that you want us to do that. 
ES: And then give us the money to make them. And then we’ll make them. 
MM: Or don’t even do that. Just leave us a review because, to be honest, I refreshed the iTunes review page probably a thousand times a day, and we’ve been at 28 for while. So…
CT: Guys, here’s the thing. This is true. If we get to 40 reviews, okay? Just—
MM: What are you saying, Casey? 
ES: You don’t know yet. Too high. 
BB: This isn’t approved yet!
CT: If we get to 40 reviews—
BB: This is pending review. 
CT: By next episode in two weeks, I will...What will I do? 
MM: You will go to colonial Williamsburg on a one-man vacation. You will go to the Romano’s Macaroni Grill and order one item off of the kid’s menu while wearing wearing a little sailor suit. 
CT: Guys, something nuts is going to happen if we hit 40 reviews, and you’re going to want to see. 
MM: Oh, speaking which...Here’s a hot review right here by Lundgren. It’s good. Five stars.
CT: Yeah, baby. To the point. 
MM: I picked one of the shorter ones. 
CT: Well, thanks for sticking around. We got probably the funniest moments of the show coming up. I hope you like it. And then we’ll see everybody in two weeks, right? 
MM: Yeah, we’ll see you even sooner on the iTunes review page. 
BB and ES: Yes. 
BB: So from our hearts to yours, Doo, doo. La, doo doo. 
ES: Doo doo. Doo la la.
MM: Buena vecchio. 
BB: I swear to God. We are never going to let an NPC live ever again. 
DR: You hear us Orgene? 
Z: Do you hear us, Orgene? 
DR: We thought you were cool. You were the first person that won our respect. It was cool that you took us to the wave pool. What was that about? Was that all fake? 
P: Of course. He tried to hurt us. He put the waves on blast and kicked our ass. 
O: Pox, you’re alright. You can live. Honestly, actually, if you guys are interested, I could do 300,000 Nuyen for Pox right now. 
P: Oh my God. 
Z: Wait. You are gong to pay us 300,000? 
O: 300,000 Nuyen. 
DR: Orgene—?
Z: Is that each? 
O: Yeah. 
Z: Each? 
O: Yeah. 
Z: Wait. So, you’re going to pay us 900,000 Nuyen for Pox? 
O: Yeah. 
DR: Look. I don’t know what Pox is to you, but look. That’s 30 pieces of gold, and I ain’t turning into a techno Judas. Make it 60 pieces of gold. 
Z: Hey, Dak. I think it was pieces of silver. 
O: You want 600,000 each?
DR: I never read the Bible. I just saw the movie. 
ES: Meanwhile, Pox has made herself invisible and is backing away from the circle. 
DR: Pox? Pox? Where’d you go? Look, we’re not going to sell you out. Orgene, I just want you to know. You can give us that money, and we won’t kill you. 
BB: Is Orgene talking over the com right now? 
GR: Mmmhmm. He’s talking over a loud speaker. 
BB: Zenith hits Dak to get his hand off the receiver, 
DR: Oww. 
BB: the transmit button
DR: Okay. You want me to let go of the thing, so he can’t hear what we’re about to say? 
Z: Yes. 
DR: Okay. I’m not holding the button anymore. 
P: Okay, I’m back. 
Z: Here’s just a slight idea. I don’t what you guys think about this. 
DR: I love it. 
P: Hey, why don’t you—?
Z: Why don’t we bait him out? What if we act like we’re going to offer him Pox, and then we just nuke everybody. 
P: That’s a great idea. I was going say what if you act you killed me? Oh, he wants me alive. Never mind. 
Z: Then he would kill us for sure. 
P: That’s true. 
DR: Guys, third option. Probably unpopular. We all get in Xanadu and we drive south. 
P: How are we going to get out? 
Z: And what are we going to do with Kannabis Jak? 
P: Well, kill him. I don’t care. 
KJ: Alright, you guys. Hey, take a look at this. 
GR: You guys turn around there’s Kannabis Jak. He’s got a gun over a guy’s head. 
GR: “Oh please. Don’t kill me,” the guy says. Boom! And he shoots him. 
KJ: That was frigging ill. 
Z: That was gay. 
P: Nice job. I didn’t think you would redeem yourself, but so far so good. 
Z: I don’t think we can leave him here for sure. 
DR: No, this guy is still our contact for the death race. Did we forget about that all of a sudden? 
TW: Now hold on one minute, Kannabis Jak. I got a question. You know who all of us are and you can see in the dark. And you aimed at Pox with my arm. 
P: That’s true. 
CT: Tech Wizard starts approaching him. 
KJ: Oh wait. No, no. You got the wrong idea. 
Z: Tech, fucking explain yourself. 
P: I gave you several lollies. 
Z: Tech, what have you—
TW: You trying to kill Pox just these fools? 
KJ: No, no, no. It was a big mistake. 
Z: Tech, consider that he might just be incompetent. 
DR: And Orgene wants Pox alive. Do you think that this dumb ass is working for…? First off, how well do you know Orgene? 
TW: Well, he’s going to take her if she’s crispy. 
KJ: Oh, Orgene’s been one of my most trustworthy butlers for the last two weeks he’s been working here. 
P: Two weeks? 
DR: Wait. Two weeks? 
KJ: Uh-huh. 
DR: What? 
P: Where’s the cookie cake? 
DR: It’s over here on the floor. There’s this blood on it. 
GR: Actually, the cookie cake is on the ground. There’s a lot blood on it. 
P: Blood? Is it all over it? 
DR: Their blood is on half of it. I’m going to take—
P: Take the other half. 
Z: Just push the blood towards whatever half you don’t want to eat and then we’ll eat the other half. 
P: We’re not going to eat yet. Don’t eat the bloody half. 
Z: Yeah, push the blood.
DR: Push the blood to...That’s confusing. 
P: Push the blood off. 
Z: I don’t know guys. I don’t eat anything but soylent meat.
GR: The elevator light just turned on.
BB: Zenith goes over to Pox and grabs her arms and puts them behind her back. 
MM: Dak hobbles over to the elevator as quickly as he can. He’s going to lay on the ground and pretend to be dead. Like just one of these dead dudes. But if anything goes south, he’s going to surprise attack and shoot somebody. 
GR: So, the doors are opening now. You hit the ground. Dak Rambo hits the ground, pretending to be dead. You hold Pox’s arms behind her. The old Wookie trick. 
BB: I’m going to grab the katana too just to have not in her possession. 
MM: Also just to be more clear about how Dak is hiding. I would like to have made to another dead person and fall in, so they’re in the way of the elevator so that it looks like we’re spooning a little bit like we were tussling. 
GR: So, let’s say you grabbed the faux Marine. 
MM: Yeah, I have his blood. I quickly covered some on my face with his blood. 
GR: Why don’t you roll…
MM: Oh, Disguise. Action. 
GR: Disguise. You’re using the body to disguise you being alive. Tech Wizard, you doing anything fun? 
CT: Not just yet. 
GR: So you’re just standing there? 
CT: Mmmhmm. 
MM: I got three hits. 
ES: Ready to accept that money. 
GR: Three hits. Are you standing in front of the door with Pox? 
BB: Yeah. I essentially want a position myself in a way that I’m near the elevator but not right in front of it. 
GR: How about you—?
BB: Maybe even helping Dak out a little bit is fine. 
GR: You’re close to Dak right by the stairs. 
BB: But pulling focus from him? 
GR: Looking towards the elevator. The door is now opening. 
BB: We heard the ding and all of us rushed to do one prep action. 
CT: Tech Wizard is right next to you, holding Pox. He says…
TW: Go invisible. 
CT: And he pushes her out of your hands and casts Phantasm and creates a Pox in the exact same position. 
P: Wow. 
CT: Force six. Very convincing. 
GR: Oh. Force six. 
CT: Six hits. 
GR: Six hits. 
CT: I got all six.
GR: You’re holding—
BB: So, now that it’s not the real Pox, Z is going to go pretty over the top with this restraint, so I’m going to put the phantasm in a head lock and then have the machine pistol out. That way it’s very clear that I’m going to waste Pox if anything happens. 
GR: Pox, can you do your sneaking with the invisibility cloak? Can you give me roll for that? 
BB: Also, just a point of fact. I drop the katana in this motion to restrain Pox. 
GR: Door’s open and three humanoid figures with the goggles. They’re backlit by the lights in the elevator. And they all have their guns pointed at the four of you, the fourth being the phantasm, Pox. 
BB: Is Dak? He’s not noticeable though, right? 
MM: I move in. And I’m like—
GR: Oh, that’s right. Dak’s on the ground. 
MM: I little-spooning with a dead man. 
GR: So, it’s just Tech Wizard and you with Pox. 
Z: Stop. Stop or I shoot. 
[GR voices Hitman2 (H2)]: Hand over the girl. 
Z: Hand over the credits. What are you talking about, dude? For real? 
CT: You’re just going to kill us after this. 
Z: Yeah, that is not negotiating. 
CT: Listen. Even if you give us the money, you could just steal it right back. 
Z: Still kill us. 
H2: We have...
TW: We’re going to need some big security or else you’ll make this difficult. 
H2: We have your vehicle. We have—
TW: Nobody here needs another vehicle. 
H2: the entrance ways... 
DR: What the hell? 
H2: locked. 
CT: Wink, wink. 
H2: You only get out of here alive, you’re going to have to cooperate with us. You hand us the girl. 
Z: Right. But what assurance do we have? You understand what I’m saying, right? We have what you guys want...I mean I could ice her right here. 
TW: At this point, we’re just going make it hard for you, so why don’t you actually do stuff for grace. 
H2: Hand over the girl. 
Z: Right, but I don’t care if I die or not. And you definitely care whether or not you get this girl, right? 
H2: The reward is half if she’s dead. And it’s still a pretty good-sized reward. And we’re not in this to do it clean. So, you can die with the girl or you can hand over the girl. 
BB: Real quick. How many dudes are there? 
GR: Three. 
BB: Three? 
GR: Mmhm. 
 MM: Into the…
CT: Our comlink? 
MM: Comlink. Yeah. Dak Rambo’s just like…
DR: What’s that shit they said about the vehicle? 
ES: Are they out of the elevator? 
GR: They’re in the elevator. 
ES: They’re in the elevator. 
CT: Tech Wizard’s eyes flutter backwards a little bit. You hear phantasm Pox say…
P and TW: Okay. I’ll come with you. Just spare my friends. Alright? 
H2: You’re not in place to negotiate, missy. 
Z: Okay, but what are you wanting out of…? I don’t understand. 
GR: Roll initiative. 
CT: But wait. 
GR: No, roll initiative. 
ES: 12. 
MM: 12. 
CT: 10. 
BB: 15. 
GR: Z is first. 
BB: I’m going to go ahead and fire a long burst at the lead dude. Six bullets. Going to for this dude. Holy fucking shit. I had seven hits. 
GR: So, the guy’s like....
H2: You’re not in a place to negotiate, missy. 
GR: And then everyone pulls their guns at the same time. But your pull is first and fastest. And you just lay into this dude, covering his whole stomach to torso to head with bullets, and he’s just wiped out and hits the floor. The other two guys moving in slow motion, moving out diagonally to the left and right, respectively. So, next up we’ve got Dak Rambo. 
BB: Actually, just one quick. Is that dude dead? 
GR: Yeah, he’s dead. 
BB: Okay. Sweet. 
GR: Now that’s a confirmed kill. 
MM: I’m assuming I still have the element of surprise because I’m sort of been motionless up until this point. Would it be possible to hold my turn until I see one of...I mean they’re just pulling their stuff right now. 
GR: Yeah, you can hold. We can go to Pox. 
ES: Who is standing to the right and who’s standing to left?
CT: I wonder. 
GR: Well, there’s clowns on the right of you. Jokers to your left. 
BB: to the right of me. 
GR: I think we made that joke before on another episode. 
MM: Back in the podcast. 
GR: Middle with you. 
ES: So, where is Tech Wizard in relation to these two guys? One...
GR: Tech Wizard’s to the left of Zenith. 
ES: You know what? I’m going to not do anything. 
GR: Hold. Okay. We’re going to go to TW. 
CT: Tech Wizard makes the phantasm run back toward the elevator and into the open door. Would that count as my full action or could I also take cover? 
GR: I’ll let you take cover too. 
CT: Okay, and Tech Wizard jumps behind—
GR: So, you make the phantasm run into the elevator? 
CT: Yes. 
GR: That’s great. The two guys on the either side of the elevator see her go in. And they get into the elevator and then the doors shut. 
CT: Awesome. 
GR: And you hear it going up. 
BB: Can you cast it out of sight? 
GR: How long does it—
CT: Probably as soon as they went in there and the door’s closed. It’s out of line of sight, so I can’t get it anymore. 
GR: So, it’s like…
DR: So, those are the two guys? 
TW: Yeah. 
DR: I mean I covered myself in this guy’s blood for no reason? 
Z: Oh, I was going to say you should toss a flash bang in there before the doors close. 
DR: Well, I didn’t know that ghost Pox was going to run in there. 
TW: What am I supposed to...Were you? You saw it happening. 
P: Hey. 
Z: Guys, we’re in a—
DR: This guy’s blood’s freaking stinks!
TW: Hey, I’m sorry, dude. You did what you did, and I did what I did. 
Z: Hey, Dak. Tech. We’re still in a really shitty situation. 
DR:Look, are there stairs? We got to get out of here. 
P: We got to get out of here. 
Z: KJ!
KJ: Hey, what’s happening, you guys? I found another guy who’s alive over here. 
DR: Oh God. 
P: Well, why don’t you kill him. Is there a sun roof or something? Can we throw me up? 
Z: How do we get out here if the elevator’s broken? 
KJ: Ah, guys. I think I feel really bad about killing that other guy. Is that going to go—? 
P: You shouldn’t. He was really mean. He was really awful. You did a good thing. 
Z: Honestly, all these guys are trash. 
DR: KJ, you look like you’re 29 years old, but emotionally, you truly are a baby, alright? Now you tell us how to get out of this place and you tell us how to get to the garage, so I can get my fucking truck Xanadu or else!
KJ: Nobody talks—
MM: I smack him in the face. 
KJ: You go up the spiral staircase. 
DR: Alright. That’s what I’m talking about. 
Z: Thanks. That’s fair. We should have thought of that. 
P: Are you going to come with us? 
KJ: Yeah. 
P: Great. 
KJ: You guys. I feel really bad about being an inconsistent character at the beginning. I was really scared about everything. And then I just started killing people like a homicidal maniac. I feel like I’ve completely lost what sort of basis I was supposed to be in the beginning. 
Z: Jak. Jak, you got to listen to me, buddy. It happens a lot to people outside of our group when they hang out with us. It just...sometimes they go crazy after flitting in and out of consciousness and trying to wrap their head around a scary situation. But here’s the deal. Stick with us. We’re going to get out alive. 
KJ: Okay. 
Z: We are going to be fine. 
KJ: I think I have a problem. 
Z: Yeah? 
KJ: Yeah. 
KJ: Well, if you die tragically at the end of this whole thing, it would be an interesting arc for your whole character though, right? 
P: What’s the problem? 
KJ: Ah, thank you for asking. No one ever asks. Sometimes I take stimulants and excessive VR to cover up my deep internal pain of having to have killed so many people by vehicular manslaughter for profit. 
TW: Cool. Let’s go to the spiral staircase. 
DR: Guys, I found a beef jerky in my pocket. 
P: What? 
Z: You are addicted to stimulants but your name is Kannabis Jak? 
KJ: I’m living a lie. 
DR: Well, he was smoking space when we went down and…Remember that? 
P: Was that really space weed? 
KJ: I gave you guys space weed. I was smoking space crack cocaine. 
DR: One guy’s stealing valor. This guy’s a poser. 
TW: Can’t trust anybody in this goddamn world? We got to the fuck out of here. 
DR: Orgene—
BB: Z, in an uncharacteristic moment of rage, grabs KJ by the shirt and says…
Z: Why doesn’t anybody tell us the truth? 
KJ: It’s because of the world of Shadowrun. Money is the top dollar. I don’t know. 
CT: So, I’m making a break towards the spiral staircase. 
MM: And I’m on his heels like a hound dog. 
BB: And Zenith is right behind him. 
ES: Yeah, I’m running. 
DR: Can someone help Dak because Dak’s been taking a wounding. If anyone wants to just let me put my arm around them? 
P: You follow me. 
TW: Yeah, you’re the strongest. 
P: I’m the strongest. I’ve only been stunned. 
Z: Actually, let me do it. Because I can attack at a range and you can still kill people with your sword. 
ES and CT : That’s true. 
DR: Do you guys want to both do it? You guys could pick me up? 
P: Yeah, we can both pick you up. 
Z: We don’t both need to be lit.
P: Yeah, we’re both picking you up. 
DR: Tech? 
TW: Sounds like it’s time for Magic Fingers. 
P: We’re picking you up. 
DR: Not again, Tech. Not again. 
P: I’m carrying your legs. 
GR: As you guys are helping him up -
ES: It’s just laying.
GR: KJ leads the charge up the spiral staircase. 
BB: Leads the charge? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Can’t wait for this. 
KJ: I’m ready. 
P: Run. 
BB: Does he still have a gun? He still has a gun, right? 
GR: Yeah, he’s got a gun. 
CT: Tech Wizard’s right on his heels. 
P: You do this, and I give you 10 more lollies. 
DR: Guys, this is really scary. I keep thinking you’re going to drop me down the spiral staircase. 
Z: Whoop!
P: Woah. 
KJ: Did somebody say, “Whoop?” What?
GR: He slips on some blood and KJ falls down. And the gun goes off and shoots him in the head. 
MM: No. 
CT: What? No.
ES: Oh my God. And that’s so brutal. 
MM: I knew that was going to—
BB: The gun goes off? 
CT: It shoot KJ in his own head? 
GR: Yeah, he tripped and he hit the gun on the bannister and it shot him the head. 
ES: Is he alive? 
BB: He’s owned, but his hand was wrapped around the trigger and he killed himself? 
GR: Yeah, he didn’t have good trigger etiquette. 
ES: He’s dead? 
TW: Guys, I just want to say we don’t have the time to discuss this. 
CT: And Tech Wizard lifts his robes and shuffles over his body. 
TW: We will talk about it I’m sure at length after this. 
P: And now he’s going to be a little baby forever. 
DR: Is that how death works? 
BB: Can I just do a quick search over Kannabis Jak. 
GR: Yeah. 
ES: What are you checking? 
BB: I’m just rifling through his pockets in the minute we have to…
ES: That’s good. 
BB: before we go on. 
GR: Hold on. I’m going to record some copyright right now to make it sound like I rolled to have him killed. Hold on. Oh, no. Kannabis Jak slipped. Oh no. That was bad. According to the dice, Kannabis Jak just shot himself in the head.
BB: Gannon is mad with power.
GR: Look, it’s the integrity of the dice. I just follow the dice. 
BB: When they make a movie about this podcast, that is going to be my favorite scene. 
BB: I roll two hits on rifling through his pockets. 
GR: You found a packet of white powder and little baggie, you know, like the cocaine baggies? And sometimes they have a logo on the front. The logo says, “Al’s Beef.” 
ES: What? 
BB: That’s...I take all of it, and I hand it straight to Dak Rambo. 
GR: Okay. It’s a little baggie. It says “Al’s Beef,” and it’s full of white powder. 
GR: Oh, Al’s Beef. No, this is good shit. 
MM: Dak immediately takes it up the nose. 
P: What’s that going to do? 
BB: No, wait. Let’s look it up. 
CT: Let’s find out. 
BB: Probably nova coke, right? 
GR: Yeah. 
CT: Oh no. It’s all yeah. 
ES: Wow. What’s that going to do? 
MM: Before we were a podcast, our characters would just do nova coke for three-hour sessions. 
CT: That’s...Good show. 
BB: It does? 
MM: I do more nova coke. Gannon, what happens? 
GR: You’re having a lot of fun. 
ES: You’re having a lot of—
MM: I did more nova coke.
GR: It’s even better. 
MM: Great. 
ES: Life is treating you well. 
MM: I go for a walk. I do more nova coke on a boat now. I walk to the docks. 
GR: Okay. 
CT: And then Gannon would be like, “Are you going to withdraw from nova coke?” And I’d be like, “I have more nova coke.” I do more of it. 
BB: So, nova coke gives you plus one reaction, plus one charisma, plus one perception, plus one social limit, and a high pain tolerance one. 
DR: Oh sweet. I’m feeling better. 
ES: I want that too. 
BB: If the duration is 10 minus your body hours. 
MM: Oh. Hell yeah. 
BB: Minimum of one hour. 
ES: Is there enough for all of us? 
BB: Also, the addiction rating is seven. 
ES: What’s that mean? 
MM: That means it’s pretty low. 
CT: We should probably not all do coke right now. I feel like we should just see this out. 
BB: The addiction rating is—
ES: If I’m going to die, I want to die high on cocaine. 
MM: I think I’m on it for nine hours. 
ES: Wow. 
BB: Sweet. One volley? Oh. Do you mean—?
MM: I rolled. Got any roll? 
BB No, no. It’s literally 10 minus whatever your ability is. 
MM: I’m on a seven. Seven hours of nova coke? 
GR: You have two body? 
MM: Three body. 
BB: Where are we getting that math from? 
GR: I don’t know. 
ES: You have two body? 
GR: Look, man. I went to art school. Classic art school joke. 
BB: We successfully took a little detour to get high. So high on coke. 
GR: So, let’s just walk this out. You guys are like…
CT: In real time. 
GR: “We’re banding together to climb this staircase. KJ was like, “I’m going up first.” He runs up, slips on some blood, bonks his arm on the bannister, shoots himself in the head. You immediately rifle through his pockets and find and little packet that says, “Al’s Beef.” Dak Rambo says, “Mmm. Give me some.” And he does. And he opens up the the Al’s Beef and just snorts all of it. And then—
MM: And then also because of the pain tolerance increase, I go…
DR: I can walk! 
BB: And we let him. Oh hot damn do we let him. 
ES: We just drop him down and he leaps to his feet. 
MM: And I’m Popeye with the spinach. 
BB: I want to say he lands on his feet, and it is super clear that his leg injury is not at all healed. He just might not feeling it. 
ES: But he’s just walking on it. 
DR: Look at this. 
BB: Blood is literally pouring—
CT: Blood is literally squirting geysering every step. 
GR: And you guys are just going up the stairs now. Hardly slowed down at all. And you get to the top of the stairs, and there’s a door. 
CT: Hey, guys. I’m pretty fucked up, right? 
ES: Is it locked? Is it a locked door? 
MM: Dak rams against it with his bull strength. 
P: Don’t do that. 
CT: It opens and it says, “Pull.” 
P: Save yourself for the bad guy. 
Z: Hey, guys. Did you see a knob or something on this? 
DR: No, I didn’t. I just broke the door down. 
P: I didn’t see any knob. No self-cleaning knob. 
DR: I’m going to try to knock the door off. Hold on. 
CT: Three? 
BB: To be clear though, this isn’t a door with...It’s a—
GR: It’s got a knob. No, it’s a sliding...You know what? It’s got one of those...You slide it open. 
ES: Is it locked? 
CT: Is it black? 
GR: You haven’t tried it yet. 
MM: I just rammed against it with two hits. 
CT: Is it glass? 
GR: No, it just doesn’t give. It doesn’t give because it’s not a four—
MM: Dak goes…
DR: We’re stuck here forever. 
ES: And then Pox slaps Dak in the face and she goes…
P: Shut the… Shut up. 
DR: They welded the door shut. 
P: Dak. Sit down. 
DR: I’ll stand, thank you. 
P: Fine, but just step away from the door. 
Z: Dak, give her some room. 
DR: Good luck trying to open that door. It’s impossible. 
ES: And Pox just puts her hand in the little handle and—
CT: Tech Wizard grab her hand and says…
TW: I’ve got this. Door can’t be opened, huh? 
CT: He casts Lightning Bolt—
BB: And he slips on the stairs and he—
CT: And he shoots himself in the head with Lightning Bolt. Tech Wizard casts a force three lightning bolt on the door to open the impossible door. 
ES: Are you going to take drain from this? 
CT: I absolutely won’t. 
MM: Did you some of the nova coke? 
GR: Casting Lightning Bolt into the…? 
CT: Listen. Here’s the thing. A couple of things. 
BB: This is the one you said was bullshit.
ES: That’s true. One. Goodbye.
CT: Tech Wizard takes Dak’s word for things. Tech Wizard definitely did not notice that this was a sliding door, and also he can only see by the dim light of the fire, so his—
BB: The dim light of the now distant fire. 
GR: Very distant. 
CT: So, I got five hits, so that’s all three. 
GR: Holy shit. So, you blast the door super hard. And it goes like… Right out of your hands. Bursts like a baseball-sized hole through, straight clean through the door. 
CT: Oh, just a baseball-sized hole? 
GR: Baseball-sized hole. 
P: Great job. So, now I’m—
TW: Guys, we’re going to have to hit this with a lot more lightning. 
CT: For the record. Since I did force three, that is force minus three for the drain, so I take no drain. That was a free action for me. 
ES: Yay. 
DR: We’re going to need a lot of those to get that door open. 
ES: So, Pox puts her hand into the door handle and pushes the door open. 
GR: Okay. It gives. It opens. Slides right open. 
CT: And then Tech Wizard puts his hand up and high fives Pox. 
P: Yeah!
BB: It worked. 
GR: And right through the window of your high five, you see two men with two guns turning around. Guns going. Let’s get some initiative rolls. 
CT: Oh baby. Wait. Can we take a pee break real quick? 
GR: You know what? That’s a good idea. Let’s—
MM: Can our character’s take a pee break, but can we continue to play? 
GR: Look, why don’t we just roll the initiative, and then we’ll take a pee break. 
ES: I just saw these guys and… Oh, man. I rolled a si...I re-rolled. Come on. You saw the other one. You notice way better. 
BB: You got a four and then it’s like, “I guess I’ll reroll this.” 
ES: And then I rolled a one. So, I rolled a nine plus a four. We’re going to the original roll. What’s nine plus four?
BB: She rolled a four. 
GR: You rolled a 13? 
ES: Yeah. 13. 
GR: Okay. What’d you get, TW? 
CT: 12. 
MM: Dak Rambo got an 11. I’m in Heaven. 
BB: 15? 
GR: So, everyone’s coming up looking for the door and seeing the two guys with guns. There is light in this room. The door behind the big garage door’s open, and there’s light pouring through into the room, so...Tech Wizard sees clearly. And they have their goggles up, so their eyes are looking out. Z. 
BB: Guys, I know it’s kind of getting boring at this point, but I want to fire another long burst. I think I’m going to go ahead and spend an edge. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. Five hits. 
CT: Oh my God. Nice roll. 
GR: Five hits. And you’re shooting at one of these bros? 
BB: Yeah. 
CT: Can we say that he is shooting right underneath Pox and my Eiffel towering high five? 
BB: In my head it was...Let’s say the dudes are both looking at the hands high fiving and they don’t even see the bullets coming out until they’re out there. 
GR: This dude gets a solid scatter across his upper torso. And he’s hurting. Next up we’ve got Pox. 
ES: Pox is going to run towards them and slice across the neck of both. 
GR: You’re going to take minus four to that attempt because she’s going for both people. 
ES: I got three. 
CT: Oh nice. 
GR: You get really close up and you swing your sword at them, but they manage to move out of your way. Tech Wizard. 
CT: I’m simply going to go two for two and shoot another lightning bolt at the guy who’s already weak. I want to—
GR: Prey on him. 
CT: Yeah. Prey on him. Force four.
GR: How many did you get? 
CT: Four. 
GR: Tech Wizard. So, the guy gets shot up in the chest from Z. He looks up. Tech Wizard points his hand. Does he do—? 
TW: The high five hand just comes down. 
GR: Okay. Right in the gut. Lightning bolt blasts straight from your hand through his stomach and creates a little hole and then he goes and dies.
CT: What’s the other guy doing? How does he feel about that I guess? 
BB: Probably has to -
GR: I ain’t his Shrink. 
BB: You heard it here first, guys. Our game master does not care about the psychological torment that his NPCs are going through. 
GR: I mean—
ES: Me either. 
GR: If you keep this guy alive, you can talk to him about it. 
CT: I just didn’t know if he was like, “Emilio!” 
GR: Oh no. He doesn’t yell, “Emilio!” He’s a pro. He’s like focused. 
BB: He’s seen all his friends die. 
ES: He’s seen all his friends die. He need friends anymore. 
MM: Gannon. Is it Dak’s turn? 
GR: It is Dak’s turn. 
MM: Sweet. He sees the remaining guy standing up. And he runs through the burning after-image of the high five that created a little steeple gate if you will. He runs through and there’s this cool anime background behind Dak as he’s running. He’s like frozen his position. And there’s a truck superimposed over him as he starts to gain speed as he charges like his own truck, Xanadu, at this man who this gun trained at this head. And he runs and, with the force of a mighty semi rig, he runs right into the guy with the gun who’s still standing. And he hits him and he kills the guy. 
GR: So, you’re ramming this guy with your body? 
DR: I’m essentially trying to tackle him. Initiate grappling and then just—
BB: Do you have cyber arms? 
GR: So, that’s unarmed combat plus strength. 
MM: I do have genetic modifications on my upper body torso. I skip leg day. I have go ahead and spend and edge on that. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. Five hits. 
CT: Oh my God. 
BB: It makes a word I don’t like say. 
GR: Oh my God. 
CT: Fucking Christ. 
GR: This guy just took the hit like a fucking line backer. You slam into him and he just like... Boom! Hits back like a fort and there’s just a collision and you’re neck and neck and your necks are both straining against the—
CT: The after-image of Xanadu, the steaming barreling semi, comes in contact with another equally—
BB: Firetruck. 
CT: Meaty...Oh Mike. What are you? 
MM: I just feel like right now, we’re both Beyblades. And we’re bumping up against each other. 
BB: I had that same super imposition of the Xanadu behind, and all of sudden you see it just go like... And then an after image of Xanadu running into another vehicle. 
CT: Yeah, that’s what I mean. Their two auras—
BB: Famous objects. 
MM: We’re two Beyblades. Beyblades are bae. 
GR: So, this guy rips off his mask. And he’s an orc who’s got this really gnarly scar down the front of face. It’s cleaved into his neck. And you can see, there’s this robotic replacement. And he looks you in the eye. And he says…
[GR voices Orc Hitman (OH)]: I’m going to fight you like a man. 
GR: And he drops his gun. 
MM: Cool. Can I shoot him now?
GR: No, you can’t. Because he’s going to punch you first. Oh wait. 
CT: Wait. Did he? 
GR: He just glitched. 
CT: Go fresh. 
GR: Okay. Fresh. So, he’s like…
OH: I’m going to fight you like a man. 
GR: And he swings his arm back and it gets super muscular. And then he swings his fists so hard but he misses. And then there’s this gun shot. And he falls to the ground. And you guys all turn around. And there’s Kannabis Jak standing with his jaw totally loose and his tongue hanging out of his mouth. And he looks at you guys with eyes that are smiling. His mouth isn’t smiling because there’s no jaw. And he goes…
KJ: Wink.
BB: Little fucker. 
MM: It’s not actual size. 
BB: Upping up. Oh. 
ES: I think I’m going to unwrap my hand—
MM: Gannon. One time when I was a kid, I lied to my parents about biting a girl at school. 
BB: You bit a girl at school? 
MM: Yeah, she took my moccasin.

[EPISODEBREAK8]

BB: So every time we post Gan art, we should hash tag ganart. 
CT: Absolutely. 
GR: I made a book of us except I didn’t make an Eleni one yet. But I made a crumby, creepy, perverted-looking Z Guy. 
CT: Let me see. I want to see. 
GR: Eyes popping out of his head. 
BB: It looks like a caricature of me that somebody who does not like me is drawing. 
GR: Hey, I get that a lot. Camera’s up. Light’s up. It’s Big Marco, also known behind his back as Little Marco’s face; and it is beet red. And there is a throbbing vein in his head. The whole NeoScum gang are gathered in his office, and he is saying.... 
LM: Okay. Let me get this straight. I send you in for a casual meet n’ greet with my star death racer Kannabis Jak and you get in a gunfight leaving half a dozen casualties. Kannabis Jak is a goddamn mess…
GR: He points to the back of the room where Kannabis Jak is currently being worked on by a street doctor and the street doctor’s drone. 
LM: He’s a goddamn mess. He needs to get a robotic jaw that’s going cost a goddamn fortune, not to mention the crash I’m going to have to simulate to explain how he got this ...and I—
GR: And then in the background, you hear Kannabis Jak going… And the street doctor turns around, and he’s wearing a futuristic medieval mask like a medieval doctor. And he says…
[GR voices Street Doctor (SD)]: Kannabis Jak says they also did all of his nova coke. 
LM: And they snorted all of his nova coke. 
DR: Look, Marco. If that was all of his nova coke, then he was almost out of nova coke. 
[CT voices Tech Wizard (TW)]: Yeah, but—
DR: because it was a tiny little bag that said, “Al’s Beef” that shot straight up my nose. 
[BB voices Zenith (Z)]: Also I just want to put this out there. Kannabis Jak totally fucked himself up. That would have happened to him walking back to his bedroom. I’m not going to take any credit for that one. 
[Eleni Sauvageau (ES) voices Pox (P)]: No. He wanted the gun. 
LM: What exactly went on there? 
DR: Mark—
Z: Look, man, if you want to’ know you just got to…
CT: You’re going to have to listen to the podcast. 
BB: to the...yeah. For real. 
MM: You’re going—
BB: Going take a little bit to get all the way to this part of it; but once you get there man, I think you’re really going to know a lot more about our characters and what makes us tick. 
ES: It’s going to be great. 
LM: Let’s just say I got the time right now, buddies. You got to’ tell me what is going on? 
Z: I’m going to kick it over to Pox for that one. 
DR: Tech Wizard had his hand up. 
TW: I’m going to kick it over to Pox. 
Z: Pox, I feel like this all your fault? 
P: No? This is—
TW: Let’s not point fingers. 
DR: Are we going tell Big Marco about that? 
P: All my fault? 
Z: Can we have a quick sidebar? 
TW: We need a second to decide if we’re going to tell you... 
DR: you the truth or the super truth. 
TW: about something or not.
P: No, no, no, no. 
LM: I’ll allow you one sidebar. 
Z: Tight. 
MM: Sweet. 
P: So, I’m going to say we—
DR: I’ve told you. 
Z: Can put your hands over your ears, my dude? 
GR: He puts his hands over his ears. He’s really mad, but he is complying. 
ES: I’m going to say…
P: We don’t tell him about, you know, what, you know, the people? 
Z: Okay. But what’s the cover, right? Because—
DR: Here’s the cover. Look. This guy Kannabis Jak. He’s working with us. Maybe there’s some sort of mysterious new guy who’s coming up in the Indianapolis scene who’s trying to move in on Little Marco’s territory. 
TW: because remember when we saw those guys and they saw Kannabis Jak, they said, “That’s him. That’s him.” 
P: So, we were protecting him from the new guy, G? House. 
DR: G. House. Christ. 
P: G. House Christ?
Z: One quick second because I feel like one thing that keeps bugging me is that did drone Brunhilda fuck him over in a big way, right? Someone hacked his own system. 
DR: Oregne. It was Orgene. 
Z: Orgene. 
DR: Oregene. We put it on Orgene. What about this? We call Orgene G. House Christ. We make it seem like G. House Christ, Orgene, is this guy who’s trying to move in on Little Marco’s territory. 
P: That sounds good. 
DR: And then, we get Little Marco to authorize us to take out G. House Christ and that way we get Pox safe. 
Z: Okay. Who is going to be the one to tell all that? 
DR: Alright, Marco. We decided to tell you the super truth. 
LM: Okay. You know what? At this point I don’t even give a damn about what happened in there, okay? Here’s what’s going to happen. I’m going to clean up your mess, but you guys owe me. 
TW: What? 
LM You owe me big time. 
TW: We spent so much time getting our story straight. 
P: We were protecting you. 
DR: Yeah, seriously?
Z: You literally gave us a dude to go talk to. We went and talked to him, and then we got our shit tossed by some random fucking mercenary band that was taking us out. And now you are going to come at us? 
DR: And look. Big Marco. We go back, alright? We go way back; and I know maybe we don’t always see eye to eye, but I got some news for you, buddy. Somebody wants your ass dead. 
P: His name is—
LM: Ha, ha, ha!
GR: He laughs big. 
LM: Aha, ha, ha!
DR, Z, BB, and P: Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
LM: Tell me some...tell. Stop laughing. 
TW, Z, DR: Okay. 
LM: I’m done laughing. You sto...Tell me something I don’t know. Half of this town wants me dead. I’m one of the biggest players in Neo Indianapolis. 
DR: Look, this guy G. House Christ... 
LM: I really don’t care what happened there. I’ve decided I don’t care what’s going on there. 
DR: You soon will regret that. You’re going to regret that because G. House Christ didn’t seem like your normal shadowrunner. 
P: No, no. 
LM: Okay. Listen. Look, here’s what you’re going to do for me. You got a lot of work to do and since you’re so eager at becoming death racers, I figure we’ve already got you on the track. Here. 
GR: He throws down four licenses. 
LM: Congratulations. I paid to have you pro death racers. 
Z: Holy shit. 
GR: I’ve already set you up with a meeting with an entertainment lawyer/PR/manager meet n’ greet with Floyd Havelman. 
DR: Floyd Havelman? 
LM: Yep. High level death race producer. I’ve already confirmed you for three races—two hard losses and a third place showing, okay. 
Z: Wait. What? 
P: Are we all racing individually? 
DR: Wait a second. Go back to the part where you said we already have our finishes down? 
Z: Yeah, what? How does? 
LM: Yeah. Everyone on the inside knows that death races are fixed. 
DR: Wait a second…
P: What? 
DR: Hold on! 
Z: What the…
DR: Wait a second. 
P: Yeah, we knew that. We knew that. 
Z: That’s cool. 
P: We totally knew it. 
DR: You had me down as what place? 
LM: Two hard losses and the third place, which is pretty good for a young pro. 
DR: That’s bullshit! I don’t lose any goddamn race, be it a death race or a life race. 
LM: Well, you’re losing too, and you’re going to like it. 
DR: Let me tell what you’re not going like when G. House Christ sneaks in your bathroom door while you’re taking a dump. 
TW: He will. He will. 
GR: He—
DR: Puts his twin axe hands right on your neck. This guy’s fucked up. He has axe hands. 
P: He’s looking for you man. 
DR: And he wants to axe hand you a question. Want to’ die? 
GR: Big Marco reaches under the table and picks up a big pile of papers and dumps it down in front of you and it goes Cathunk! And he says…
DR: What the fuck is this?
DR: Need you to fill out these documents. Liability forms, some headshots, and we’re going to give that truck a paint job, so that’s what’s going to happen here. 
P: You’re going to paint over—
TW: Over “NeoScum”? 
Z: I feel like you might have thought it was graffiti, but that’s like our logo. 
LM: That is most certainly graffiti. We agreed ahead of time... 
P: Hey—
LM: that my face would be on it. And it was a Big Marco—
Z: Hey, but there’s two sides of the car. I mean you can have one, one or the other. 
TW: And there’s—
DR: There’s two sides to every story. 
P: An adorable lady painted that on there. And she was cute and terrified. 
Z: And she had a bicycle. 
LM: You’re doing exac....you can argue me ‘till the cows come home. This is exactly what’s going hap—
GR: Your phone starts to buzz.
CT and MM: Tech Wizard’s?
GR: Tech Wizard’s. 
Z: You know, Tech? You should answer your phone. It’s kind of rude. 
TW: I’m trying to stay engaged in my everyday life. Okay.
P: I bet it’s G. House “Gross.” 
Z: You wanted to stay engaged, you would have put in on silent. 
Z: Let’s all agree on that. 
TW: It’s buzzing. 
GR: You’re getting a phone call from the producer on the children’s tv show you work on. It’s Mobart Jobe. 
TW: Oh God. Mobes. Heyyyyy, buddy. 
[GR voices Mobart Jobe (MJ)]: Heyyyyy, man. How are you doing? 
TW: Good. How is the hiatus going? 
MJ: Not on hiatus anymore. Been back for about a month now. You must not have seen me around, maybe? 
TW: No, I’m kinda...I’m not in Chicago at the moment. 
MJ: I noticed that. I’m not trying to bother you or anything, but where are you? Are you close? Kinda’ need you for…
TW: For like a? 
MJ: It’s a dress shoot right now. For the shoot we’re doing tomorrow for the children’s show? 
TW: And you need the Tech Wizard? 
MJ: Mm, yeah. 
TW: Okay. That’s fair. 
MJ: So when can you be back? 
TW: Can you hold on one second? Okay. I don’t mean to be rude, but— 
MJ: It’s okay - 
TW: Hey, when are the three death races?
LM: We got a death race tomorrow, we got another one the day after that, and another one on Friday. 
TW: Okay, can we push those up? 
LM: Push those? 
TW: Can we push the races up? Make them sooner? 
DR: Tech, it’s literally tomorrow. 
Z: Yeah, also—
P: How sooner do you want? 
DR: Do you think people just move death races a day earlier for mysterious reasons? 
TW: I’m just asking. 
P: There are a lot of people involved. 
Z: I’m going to go ahead and say the answer to your question is ‘no,’ so if that influences your conversation you’re having on your phone, maybe? 
TW: Okay. No, no. Unrelated. 
Z: Pass that info along. 
TW: Separate question. We like die, or whatever, if we don’t do this? 
Z: Is there a reason you’re holding your phone with the receiver facing out? Hey, buddy? 
DR: Hello. Hey, I’m Dak Rambo. 
TW: That’s my friend Dak.
MJ: Okay. Sounds like a—
DR: We’re shadowrunners. 
MJ: Sounds like a really cool guy. Hey, buddy. We really need you. Get a load of this. We’ve actually got a really important guy in for this shoot. And we—
TW: Who? 
MJ: It’s actually Grant Junktal. 
TW: What? 
MJ: You know. Grant Junktal?
TW: I know Grant Junktal. 
MJ: He plays Starade in the Master of the Universe holovid series. 
TW: He’s going be on our show? 
MJ: He’s going to be on the show. And we really need our star guy, TW, Tech Wizard. 
TW: Wait, I’m a star guy to you? 
MJ: Hey, we need you for this shoot. You’re our number one. 
TW: Oh man. 
MJ: Hey, look. Hey, he....so, here’s the other thing. He’s only going to be here for another four hours. 
TW: Today? 
MJ: Today. 
TW: Okay, can you hold on a second? 
MJ: Yeah. 
Z: Look, dude—
TW: Hey, Big Marco. You’re a car guy. How long does it take to get to Chicago from Indianapolis? 
LM: Five hours? 
TW: Can you move that up any way? Is there a way to make that quicker? 
P: You got like a helicopter? 
LM: I mean how good of a driver are you? I mean—
DR: I was about to say something. It sounded you guys were talking about the best driver of all time? 
And space? You’re talking about Dak Rambo, who by the way, never finishes in last place. Big Marco, you’d better fix that race for me to be on top. 
LM: That is something I cannot do and will not do. Everyone goes from the bottom to top. That’s just the way the game works. 
P: What about if he uses an alias? Would you be okay if he used an alias? 
DR: I’ve literally got 69 aliases. 
LM: Let’s hear some. 
DR: Doug the Hotdog. Smelly Simon. The Faberge Leg. The Faberge Arm. Dandy. 
P: Oh, that one. You should be Dandy when you come in that—
DR: Silent Jack Smith. 
P: Oh, I like that too. 
DR: The Squoosh.
DR: Then there’s one that’s just...that was it. It was just silence. 
P: Silence. 
DR: Absence. Absence of sound. 
P: I think that people will be a little confused by one, but—
DR: Simon Carly.
LM: I’ll see you back here tomorrow. 
TW: Okay. 
LM: Bright and early for this race. 
TW: Hey, Mopes. 
MJ: Yeah, I’m back. 
TW: Yeah. So, I held the receiver out for that. You caught all that, right? 
MJ: Yeah, I heard all of that. 
TW: Yeah, so if I got there, if I pushed it, and got there at four and a half hours, do you think you could stall him? 
MJ: Oh, Tech. This guy’s really famous.
TW: If I’m you number one guy? 
MJ: Tech, I’m going to see what I can do, but if you can make it straight up four that would be a lot easier. 
TW: Dak, could you make it straight up four? 
DR: Brew Haha. The Laughing Murderer. Randy Kicker. The Quiet Bully. Chung Wang. Chung Wang. 
TW: Dak? 
DR: Floyd Haverman Jr., 
TW: Dak? 
DR: which is the name of the Floyd Haverman we mentioned earlier. 
TW: Do you think you could get to Chicago in four hours? 
DR: Tree Trunk Cloudman. 
TW: If I call you Tree Trunk Cloudman? 
Z: Hey, Dak. Do you think we could get to Tech Wizard’s show on time? 
DR: Dak Rambo falls asleep.
TW: You know, I’m going to kick this over to Pox. She’s the only one to get through. Pox, will ask him if we can get to my show in time? 
P: Alright, let me try. Hey, Faberge Leg? 
DR: Nyaaa! 
P: Hey.
TW: That was the one? 
DR: It was four hours. 
TW: Okay. We better get going then. 
DR: What? 
LM: You...
DR: Found out super hard. 
LM: show up tomorrow. I want those forms filled out. I want those autographs signed. I want those tax forms, I want the liability forms; they’re filled out. You bring ‘em up on my desk. We set you up for the death race. 
TW: I’ve actually got a guy in Chicago who’s really good with that. So if we can get there, we can get this knocked out no problem for us. 
DR: Sure. Look, we’ll be back tomorrow bright and early with the, uh, singing a song. 
GR: Yeah. Big Marco’s nose is bleeding right now. He’s so mad. 
CT: We hop in the car. 
GR: You’re in the office right now. It’s just like—
ES: Hey, Hey. Big Marco. 
CT: Just a giant leap and then Shooting Stars by Baghead Raiders or whatever it’s called. Airbag Raiders? Something? That song that’s the meme right now? 
GR: Oh. 
CT: That’s how I jump into the car. 
GR: Oh, I see. 
CT: I do one big long jump. 
BB: Bag Raiders. 
CT: Bag—
BB: Bag Raiders. 
CT: Okay. 
GR: Okay. Haven’t seen that meme yet—
DR: Haven’t seen the meme yet, but hope to by the time this episode comes out. 
CT: Don’t worry. I’ll cut this. 
GR: Keep it in. 
MM: Keep it in. 
DR: Hey, Big Marco. We’ll be back tomorrow bright and early ready to do that race. 
LM: I’ll see you there!
P: You guys—
DR: I’ll see you there!
P: Do you have any snacks on hand? 
LM: No. 
ES: And Pox reaches her hand into a bowl of mints that’s on the table and grabs a handful. 
DR: Where’s Dilbo? 
Z: Can we take Kannabis Jak with us? 
GR: Kannabis Jak is like…
SD: Oh, don’t get him excited…
GR: says the doctor…
SD: It’s making the jaw come off. 
 DR: Quick. Quick. Big Marco. Where’s Dilbo? 
LM: Dilbo’s at the reception desk. 
DR: Alright. See you later. 
TW: We got three hours and 50 minutes. Can you make in that, Dak? 
DR: Yeah, I can make it in that. 
TW: Alright. Let’s go. 
DR: We’ve got two more minutes of talking to Dilbo. Actually, we got to get in the car. 
GR: Alright. You’re in Xanadu. 
CT: Wow.
MM: Dak turns the keys in the ignition and—
MM: We take off. We blast out of the parking lot.
TW: Man, I got to say it looks great in here now. He did a lot of cool things. 
DR: Actually it looks kinda’ okay in here. You know, eh?—
P: Look at this little disco ball. 
TW: That’s cute. 
DR: Disco is the worst genre of music 
MM: Dak rips it out of the cabin and hurls it out the window. 
P: Whaaa?
MM: Actually, there’s a car going the opposite way with its window open and the disco ball flies in through the driver’s window and that car swerves off and I don’t know what happens. Gannon can figure that out.
DR: It flips and explodes. 
Z: Yeah. Hey, Dak. That wasn’t a disco ball. That was an artificial intelligence, like onboard computer. 
TW: Hey guys. What’s “Baby on Board” mean? 
DR: Wait. What does “Baby on Board” mean? 
TW: It was just the sign I saw on the window of that car as it drove by. 
P: It’s like when you put a baby on a board? 
TW: I don’t know. 
P: Baby on board. 
DR: So, we’re going to Chicago because, why? 
Z: This is a shadowrun thing, right? 
TW: Yeah. 
P: We’re getting money or…?
DR: We all followed your lead and we really want to get us back to Chicago. 
TW: Okay, guys? What is better than money? One word. 
Z: More money. 
P: Candy. Candy. 
DR: Love. 
Z: Fake. 
TW: Guys, all of these...it’s funny that you said that because they are all tied the true answer, which is fame. Dirty, nasty fame. Just dripping with attention. Do you understand me? Because I have a local television show that I play what you might call a villain on? And if you guys want to guest on this show...
DR: Wait a second. Hold on. 
TW: I will make it happen. 
 Z: Character. 
P: I’ve seen the show. 
TW: I don’t—
P: I quite like it. I think it’s really nice. 
TW: You’ve seen the show? 
P: Yeah. 
TW: You recognize me? 
P: Well, I mean, I don’t think you’re anything...I love you. I love you, Tech.
Z: Tech, that is as good a response as you are going to get my dude. 
P: He is famous. He is like community-wide famous. 
DR: Have you ever won any awards? 
TW: Yes. 
BB: Zenith takes his ocular drone and starts projecting a video on the wall; that is, it’s a blooper reel from the one of Tech Wizard’s kid shows. And in this, he’s doing some sort of science experiment with technology. And he lights his robes on fire and is just him screaming and running around in circles. 
MM: Dak Rambo starts laughing super hard and he’s like swerving on the rugs. He’s laughing and he’s like….
DR: That’s great. 
TW: You can still see the stitch marks from where I had to repair it. 
DR: You’re like freakin' elf Charlie Chaplin. 
TW: I mean there’s a couple of problematic things about that. One, I’m a human. 
Z: Is there like some sort of weird things we should know? 
TW: No. I’m fine. If I were an elf, it would be cool. 
TW: I would love to be an elf. 
P: I’m an elf. 
DR: I mean that was the guy’s name. Elf Charlie Chaplin. 
Z: We all call him that. That was funny.
DR: That was his moniker. 
Z: I...honestly. I’m not even sure he was an elf. 
DR: No he…honestly. I was too busy—
DR: Every time I watch it, I see people laughing. 
Z: I don’t they even found out who he was. 
P: Guess we really—
DR: That wasn’t the point of it. The point was his hilarious pratfalls and how he would light up on fire.
Z: And that little mustache. 
DR: Yep. That he would wiggle around. 
P: Independently of his mouth. It would move without his mouth moving. 
DR: Yeah, it’s a shame that mustache was ruined by Elf Hitler. 
P: That guy came out a few years later. 
Z: It’s not— What’s weird...I thought that he branded himself as Elf Hitler even though he really hated elves, so he was like really for elves. 
TW: Is it wrong? Is it too soon to talk about Elf Hitler seeing as though that was last July? 
Z: Well, he was—
P: And I am an elf. 
DR: Hold on a second. Hold on. Tech is a tv person. That’s amazing. That’s really something. Hey, you guys want to test out this surround sound real quick? 
P: Wait. I don’t want you to touch anything. You threw out that disco ball fancy computer. 
DR: That turns out...I guess it was that some sort of AI thing. Was that what Z was telling me? 
TW: Hey, what’s this red button that says, “nitrous”? 
CT: Uh, press. 
GR: You guys are weaving in and out of traffic through Indianapolis, making your way towards the highway. All of a sudden, you see up ahead, about a few streets ahead of you, it’s a sign that’s like, “Freeway This Way.” And there is a ton of traffic for this, for let’s say it’s route...
BB: US 55, right? 
GR: Yeah. It’s route US 55. 
TW: Okay. Real quick. We have 30 seconds to decide. Is there any possible way we can get around this? 
DR: Yes. What are we going to spend the rest of 25 seconds doing? 
TW: Talking about what I was going to do if we couldn’t—
 DR: What’s that? 
TW: I was going to make a cow catcher for the front of Xanadu and plow through. 
DR: Hold on. That is a bad idea. 
P: Oh, that thing I wanted. The giant spike. 
TW: That is a bad idea. 
DR: Z? What do you have? You look like you’re about to say something. 
Z: Can this car already just do that? 
DR: I mean it can, but seriously? 
TW: We just got it fixed. 
P: How many people are we going to kill if we go through? 
DR: Backroads. What about backroads? 
Z: You got a backroad, buddy? 
DR: I’m Dak Rambo’s knows the back of the land like—
TW: Hey, get your drone out and check the traffic. Fly it up? 
GR: Okay. Why don’t you roll for a knowledge? And—
BB: Can Z also roll perception to throw his ocular drone straight above us? 
MM: Cool. Time to roll. 
CT: Roll, roll, roll, roll. 
ES: Pox is going roll for acting just to amuse every one. 
GR: Okay. Do it. Great. 
ES: Ah, I got two hits. Two acting hits. 
BB: My drones—
TW: Pox, I didn’t know you played Nicely Nicely Johnson. 
P: Wait, I’ve got a joke. Knock, knock. 
TW: Who’s there? 
P: I’m a pile up? 
TW: I’m a pile up who? 
GR: Okay. Alright, so—
TW: Oh, you’re nasty. 
GR: Okay, so you throw your ocular drone out the window and it starts flying up to take a look at the traffic, right? 
BB: Yeah, exactly. 
DR: So, Dak Rambo, you know there’s a route down south but it would actuallyadd about an hour onto the ride. 
TW: We can’t afford that, Dak. 
DR: What if I went even faster than I’m already planning on going? 
GR: Then you could probably cut 20 minutes if you were going like an insane person? 
DR: I’m going go like an insane person. 
TW: It’s not going to cut it. What if—
P: Hey, we’re heading through. 
Z: Hey, guys? 
GR: Your ocular drone goes up and it’s just a huge traffic jam. 
BB: Can I see the source of it? 
GR: You can see about three miles down. It looks like there’s a police barricade and the freeway is just open beyond the barricade. 
BB: And are cars moving or is it a solid block of traffic? 
GR: It’s a stand still. You can see that there’s some cars that are giving up and taking a U and driving off road to back up because there’s like no other way. 
MM: And quick question. 
MM: Does our truck have Big Marco’s face on it again? 
GR: No, no, no. He has not painted it yet. It still says “NeoScum.” 
Z: It looks like the traffic jam is caused by a singular road block further down the road. We could feasibly go all the way down to it, but it looks like our best bet’s probably going around.
BB: Here’s my real question. We’re just on a road or a highway? 
GR: Yeah. You’re on a road leading to a highway. 
BB: Okay. How many lanes are there? 
GR: Three lanes. 
BB: Total on the road?
GR: On the road. 
BB: Okay. 
ES: But is—
BB: Is there anything in the oncoming lane? Like is there a traffic jam down there or is it wide open? 
GR: Every now and then a car gives up and flips into the oncoming but otherwise no. 
BB: So, Zenith just turns to Dak and goes…
Z: Actually, the oncoming lane is pretty free and clear if we want to go that option. 
DR: So it sounds like backroads are off the menu. 
MM: Dak drives into the oncoming traffic lane. 
P: La, la, la. I’m not scared. 
MM: And he turns the music up and he goes…
DR: You guys might want to’ actually buckle up now. 
CT and BB: Click!
GR: Okay, so Xanadu pulls over into the oncoming traffic lane. 
MM: I imagine I’ll probably be making some rolls soon. 
GR: Well, the thing is that people are not driving that fast. The few people who are turning into oncoming traffic are coming from the total standstill of the traffic jam, so they’re moving at a slow enough speed that you can dodge around them without too much trouble. But they are furious. 
MM: Cool. How about this? 
DR: Hey, Tech. Look under your seat. There should be a cooler with a biohazard warning on the side. 
TW: Oh, Jesus. It’s sticky as fuck. 
DR: Do not, and I repeat, do not open that. But I’m going to need you to put that next to the window and point at it apologetically as we brush past this barricade. 
TW: Oh, that is good. That is really good. 
DR: Do not—
BB: And he starts doing it. 
DR: Yeah just like that but do not open that. That latch is very loose. 
TW: It’s just like shaking. 
P: What’s in there? 
DR: Just don’t worry about that. 
GR: Okay. People honk a little less but they still look at you really mad. After about 10 minutes of driving up this huge traffic jam, you get to the barricade. There’s two cops standing outside and there’s four cop cars total and like some steel barricades right in front of you guys. And the cop puts his hands out in front as if to say, “Hey, stop. Slow down. Slow down.” This is a Lonestar security officer, I should say, technically, but you know…
BB: Oh, okay. So they are Lonestar though? 
GR: Yeah. Indianapolis uses Lonestar for their independent police force. 
BB: I’ll say that Zenith saw that up in the air and I’m going to go ahead and just pull the ocular drone back down but also telling these guys....
Z: Hey, that’s Lonestar. Maybe not the best idea to just blaze through their barricade. 
DR: Trust me. Just play along. 
Z: Okay. 
MM: Dak pulls up to the barricade. Slows down. 
GR: The cop walks over to you. Sort of a portly elf and is like…
[GR voices Elf Cop (EC)]: Hey, what’s going on? 
DR: Hey there. We don’t really have much to talk. We’re trying to get this dragon heart to Chicago. 
EC: I’m afraid you’ve got to have wait a little bit. This road is barricaded for your own safety. 
DR: Why? What’s going on? We were sent—
EC: Let’s just say there’s been reports of some raiders and we got to keep a barricade until the situation clears out. 
Z: Listen, dude. We’re shadowrunners. I mean are really going to stop us because you think we’re going to get taken out by raiders? 
DR: And we have a heart that needs to get to a dying dragon in cargo. 
TW: I can’t say which prominent dragon politician this belongs to, but let me just say, he kind of controls your paycheck. 
EC: Are you—
TW: I’m not threatening you. I’m just letting you know. It’ll be bad if we don’t help save his life. 
Z: And he’s a philanthropist too. The dragon’s like also pretty well known as a philanthropist.
EC: Can I see some documentation? 
TW: Yeah
MM: Yeah. I Dak—
ES: And then Pox pulls out one of the headshots and hands it to him.
P: Look, here’s it’s me. 
MM: Dak—
P: It shows you I’m official. 
GR: Okay. 
MM: Dak has his hand on his gun and at seeing Pox pull that out and the person actually look at it and respond. He holds his hand steady on his gun as he’s getting ready to potentially waste this officer. 
CT: What is the picture? 
GR: Okay, so this is a picture of you guys standing around the microphone the one press conference you guys were all at. 
CT: And while he’s looking at the picture and not at Tech Wizard, Tech Wizard twinkles his little fingers and casts Mass Confusion. Mass Confusion is an area spell that essentially generates a series of conflicting sensual experiences. Sensual sounds sexual. Not in that sense. In the sense of senses. People feel and see different things and it’s very hard for them to keep track of what’s going on. I would like to cast that over the area of these two Lonestar officers. 
GR: So, there’s about four cop cars total. 
CT: Oh, there’s four cars? 
GR: Are you casting it over all of the cars? Looks like there’s some cops in the cars. You’re not exactly sure. You can see some from just the quick glance that you took. 
CT: To be clear, Gannon, are they on either side of the road? 
GR: Yes. There’s two cop cars on the side, two in the middle—steel barricade’s in between. 
CT: It’s a radius equal to the force, so if I did force five, it would be 10 meters across. Would that be enough? Do you need a force six for comfort? 
GR: Force six for comfort. 
CT: Okay, that’s fair. Can I have Billing’s dice, please? 
ES: Billions?
MM: We love our fans! We’re giving them the magic experience. And away.
CT: Six. Six hits. 
GR: Okay. I got three hits. 
CT: For each net hit on the spell casting test, the target suffers minus one dice pool modifier due to distraction. 
MM: So, these people are so confused, that they maybe die.
ES: So, now you roll—
GR: Tech Wizard just made these cops so stupid. 
ES: You roll. Roll to live. 
GR: So the cop is looking at a head shot of you looking confused by a microphone like…
EC: Is this really documentation? 
GR: And then you. What do you do? 
CT: Just like an old elf Charlie Chaplin bit, he lifts the picture in front of his head and my hand just lifts perfectly in key and goes and this mass dome just—
GR: Is it visible or—? 
CT: No, no. 
GR: So it’s totally invisible, totally silent. But just all of sudden, this cop just goes… He just opens his mouth and just makes noise. And his eyes close and he falls on the ground. 
DR: Jesus, what the hell did you do to him, Tech? 
TW: Hit it!
DR: Slams the gas. 
GR: Okay, so how are you getting through the barricade? You’re either gonna; have to move the barricade—? 
CT: Tech Wizard gets out of the car, goes into one of the cop cars in the way and— 
GR: Okay, so you open up a cop car? 
CT: I open up a car car. 
GR: Okay. There’s two cops in there halfway asleep going...
CT: Tech Wizard puts it in neutral. 
TW: Dak!
DR: What? 
TW: Okay, Pox, because Dak you’re behind the wheel. 
P: Yeah. 
TW: Help me push. 
P: Oh!
TW: You can help too, Z, But—
Z: No, I got to be in the car. 
TW: Exactly. 
CT: So Pox and I push the car just a little bit to the shoulder of the road. 
GR: Okay. Cool.
CT: And then we get back in. 
GR: So, you moved the cop car—
CT: And it’s like three minutes later now. 
Z: Can we just get a quick second of a random passerby who’s stopped next to the barricade? 
GR: Yeah, okay. “What’s happening?”
CT: We’re just getting some b roll. 
P: Put your foot on the gas and go, now!
DR: Tech, get in the car. 
TW: I’m in the car. 
DR: Now we’re go’in!
P: Woo!
DR: Does anybody have any songs for the road? 
CT: We’re driving, right? 
MM: We’re driving. We’re zooming. I’m—
CT: Yeah. nitrous again. 
GR: Okay, so you hit it. You guys blast through the clearing and the barricade, really gunning it. Uh, what? Can you tell me what the speed of Xanadu is? 
MM: Gannon, my speed is four. 
GR: Okay. 
BB: Hey, Dak. Is your speed always four? 
MM: It’s four because of BIg Marco’s death race. 
GR: He didn’t upgrade your speed. You guys specifically said....I was like, “Do you want the speed? Do you want guns?” And you said, “Sound system.” 
ES: I said I wanted a...let’s a call it a cow pusher? 
GR: So your sound system has gone from three to four.
MM: I actually don’t have any stats for the sound system. 
ES: That’s what I wanted. A spike. 
GR: Your speed is three. 
ES: Fucking sound…
BB: I just want to’ make an announcement to our listeners. If you want to make some sort of meme that has Mike Migdall’s face and talks about how he cheats all the time, that would just like just him. 
MM: Look, that’s fake news right now. Right now, Blair is wearing a pinstripe zoot suit and he’s got a fedora on that’s also pinstripped, and he’s smoking two cigars at once like Captain Hook.
GR: Wow, look at that. And here we are. Already at the interlude. 
MM: My favorite thing about the interlude is that when we do this, time stops. And if it’s raining outside, all the rain drops freeze, and that’s when we know it’s time to say hello to listeners of NeoScum. 
GR: Hello babies. 
ES: Hiii.
BB: Hello. 
ES: Hello. 
BB: This also a great time to rob a bank because time is completely frozen and you can do whatever you want. 
ES: Oh, yea. 
GR: Yeah, but oh no. I just broke my glasses. How am I going to be able to read all these books? It’s already been a great big trip, and just wanted to say, hey did we get some fucking fan art the other week? 
MM: Gannon, you know that we did because it came from one, Raymond Reedy. 
GR: Raymond Reedy. Kin. Bearer of the Reedy crest. My brother. Aka Ray Ray #RayRayyouknowit. Ray Ray is my brother and he likes being called Ray Ray. And he drew Tech Wizard as the Fist Wizard and it rocks. We put it up on the frigging Twitter page at NeoScum. 
CT: The true scummers out there know that family is typically not in our demographic. So it is even more impressive—
Robot Voice (RV): Rate and review our show to receive exclusive perks. 
BB: If you write us an iTunes review, I will do up to three problems on your math homework for free. 
BB: I have no guarantee that these answers will be correct or even usable in an academic setting, but they will absolutely…
ES: be answers. 
ES: They will be answers. 
MM: Blair, will you show your work? 
BB: I will show my work. 
MM: Okay. 
BB: Even if the final answer is “F-ck you.” or something similarly sardonic. 
MM: Wow. I love that diction. 
GR: I was thinking and if you write a review and we pick you, Casey will call in a bomb threat to your school. 
CT: Yeah, I’m a— 
BB: Casey loves doing that. 
CT: I do and I’m going to be doing it anyway. So, really guys. I...basically it takes nothing. 
GR: Yeah. You want to write us a review? If your write us a review, I’ll draw you as a big fucking dog. You like that? Put your face on a fucking dog. Get your fucking rocks off. 
BB: Are we recording? because—
MM: You’re listening to NeoScum. 
GR: Here we are. It’s a really good night.
BB: Oh. 
MM: Eleni, do have anything that you might regret saying that you want to say? 
ES: No. I don’t regret anything. I’ll say it and not regret it. 
BB: And what would you like to say?
ES: I will come into your house in the middle of the night while you’re asleep and I’ll put a curse on you. And you will not wake up. And then when you do wake up even though I said you won’t wake up, you won’t be able to move. And then you’re just going to be fucked and you’re going shit your bed. And that’s it. NeoScum. Love ya’.
 MM: Eleni did do that to all of us as a rookie hazing when she started this podcast. 
CT: I will say our podcasting has improved tenfold since we lost the use of our...pretty much everything but our rectums and our digestive system. 
MM: Makes you humble. 
BB: And some would say that only being able to use your rectum would limit the amounts, types of stories you can create with a podcast. But I would say NeoScum is a perfect example of what five people can do with just their butt holes. 
MM: And it is possible to do…
RV: featured review. 
MM: With that, it’s time to read a review. 
BB: Who do we have on deck today, Mr. Migdall? 
MM: That brings me right up to a review on iTunes by C. Fanslow. “Hoi, hoi, scummers. Keep up the awfully funny heavy on roleplaying, light on mechanics, and saxophonerific podcast. I think the sexy saxophone intro/outro encapsulates what makes this Shadowrun actual play podcast both epic and horribly wrong.” What? 
BB: Pour it out. 
GR: Alright. No, no, no. We’re going—
MM: He just give five stars. 
GR: He gave us five stars. And the dude rocks, okay? I see that guy in real life at a bar, I’ll buy him the house red. What is that? Five or six dollars? But I do want to say this, okay? 
BB: Can we get a price check on that house red real quick? 
GR: This is going to probably get cut, but it’s going to be one of those cuts where it’s like, “Oh, he’s high energy, so this feels like I shouldn’t cut it.” But if you knew...I’m taking my glasses off right now. I’ve read so much of this book. There’s mechanics in every last inch of this throbbing mother, I tell ya’, okay? 
CT: Yeah, guys. There’s actually a ton of mechanics that I just blatantly cut from the show every week, so—
BB: Hey, this is Blair Britt, checking in as the resident rules lawyer. Just want to let you guys know, we have hours, hours, and hours of content that never makes it into the episode that is just us doing dice checks for every conversational point that we ever make with another character. 
ES: Do you know what happens during all of that?
[ES voices PP2 (PP2)]: PP? 
[MM voices PP1 (PP1)]: Hello? 
[BB voices PP3 (PP3)]: Hello? 
PP2: Hello, PP1. 
PP1: Can we come out now?
PP2: Yeah, come out. 
PP3: Oh, hello. 
PP1: Is the game is that they’re playing? The little game? 
PP3: Is the scary Shadowrun game over? 
PP2: Yeah. 
MM: Oh, you guys, speaking of mechanics. My favorite mechanic is the way the human body smiles and laughs. 
MM: And truly I think that is the most important mechanic that we worship. 
BB: That and calculating Drain.
MM: Back to the show. 
GR: Xanadu is just blazing down the road, rocking at top speeds. Cranking classic rock radio. Motorin'. What’s your price for flight?
MM: Anyway, we can put that in. You know what? I smell Gannon’s fart right now. 
GR: That’s slander. That is slander and not true. 
MM: Can we just start over? 
GR: I—
BB: Here at the NeoScum podcast, none of us fart. 
ES: Not even this scandal. 
GR: I don’t fart. The freeway between Indianapolis and Chicago. If anyone’s ever driven it in the modern age—pretty boring. It’s long, flat expanses of land. Every now and then you drive past some trees. It’s pretty similar 150 years in the future or whatever. 70 years. 60. It’s pretty similar 60 years in the future. 
MM: Stop laughing. Respect Gannon. 
GR: I’m so angry!
MM: Respect Gannon. 
GR: It’s a flat expanse of land. Not a lot of action. Some dead trees here and there. Sort of like a smouldering wasteland with some slight cultivated farms specifically for farming moisture to export to less watery areas of the country, and it is weirdly quiet. You guys are rolling down the road. Every now and then you pass by a bar, or like a Taco Bell, or a Subway, or a hotsim VR sex chamber. 
TW: And there’s not a single goddamn Neo Raising Canes between here and Chicago. 
DR: Look, we can’t stop right now. 
TW: There’s not one between here and Chicago. 
DR: You’re gonna complain—
TW: I’m just saying. 
DR: You’re going to complain about how we can’t stop. 
TW: I’m not complaining. I’m just playing around. 
P: I’m still never tried it. 
GR: But all those buildings are dark and quiet. No one’s in there. 
TW: That’s odd. You guys notice that all of those buildings are dark and quiet and no one’s in there? 
P: It really seems dark and quiet. 
CT: What time is it again? 
GR: Let’s say the sun is just setting now. It’s twilight, so like six p.m. 
TW: They keep the light overnight though, right? 
DR: Well, you know, there was a barricade and there’s something about raiders or something that cop said, but I figure we’re going…
TW: Yeah, I wasn’t paying attention. 
DR: too fast. 
Z: We really didn’t ask that guy any clarifying questions whatsoever. 
P: And we haven’t seen anything yet. 
GR: Oh, you guys see some buffalo.
MM: There’s buffalo? 
ES: Oh. Are those the raiders? 
BB: Holy shit. Those haven’t lived on this continent for hundreds of years. 
GR: Like a farm. There’s a couple of buffalo running along. 
BB: Are we talking an American buffalo or North American bison?
GR: Sorry. North American bison. 
 BB: Thank you. 
DR: Well, you know. Magic, it does exist and people do bioengineer things so…
Z: The buffalo are extinct. 
P: Have you ever played “Pull the Poo off the Buffalo?” 
TW: What the fuck is that? 
DR: Pull the Poo off the Buffalo? 
Z: She’s British. 
P: You just like make it really angry. 
TW: Yeah, what’s poo mean in this context? Is that like—
P: It’s poo. It’s like—
TW: Is that like a small—
P: Dung. It’s a dingleberry. 
TW: It’s actual dung. I thought it was a plate for jewelry or something. 
Z: They got hairy butt holes. 
P: They have it like hairy—
DR: Anybody want to press that nitro button again? We’ve got to press it every ten minutes if we’re going to make it on time. Vroom!
GR: You’re driving. And you’re like, “Well, let’s speed up a little bit.” And you hit this nitrous button, which by the way, where are the fucking rules of the nitrous button? 
CT: It’s included in the speed. 
GR: How am I supposed to figure out the fucking rules of the nitrous button? 
CT: It’s inclu—...no, Gannon. Gannon. 
GR: Let’s just make a nitrous button. 
CT: It’s just included in the speed. 
GR: No, I love it. You hit the nitrous button. 
BB: In my head, the nitrous button does nothing but puts...you know...
ES: It just makes it go. 
BB: how in Breaking Bad, I’d imagine it’s kinda like Jesse Pinkman’s throwing a little bit of cayenne powder in the blue meth. Completely useless but it’s something that Dak personally likes as a flavor touch. 
MM: I imagine it’s also one of those, “That was easy” buttons.
CT: Dak just presses the gas a little bit harder. 
GR: Wait, is it one of those meme buttons that says, “Nut”? 
MM: Yeah. It is a nut button from the meme. Have you ever seen those? 
ES: No. 
MM: It’s just like a little blue—
CT: Tech Wizard just thought it said, “nitrous.” 
MM: But it said “Nut.” 
CT: But it said “Nut r’ us.” 
GR: You hit that button. 
ES: And the littles—
GR: Maybe a little flame in the back turns from yellow to blue. Anyway…
CT: Hell yeah. 
GR: You’re driving along and the buffalo that are sort of like dancing along the side of the road, turn to you and start running towards the vehicle. And they’re running really fast. 
DR: Uh oh. 
TW: What the fuck? 
DR: You guys. I think I might...maybe about eight months ago, I shipped about 45 pallets worth of bison testicles to a guy in San Jose, California. 
Z: What? 
P: Wha?
Z: Why would that have anything to do...What are you talking about? 
DR: I’m thinking that some of these buffalo that are chasing us might be she buffalo and I think—
TW: Pheromones. Yeah. 
DR: they might have got a scent of what I’m carrying. 
TW: I read about it on the Internet.
Z: Dak, do you seriously think that is what is happening right now?
DR: I think so. Quick. I’m going to need you to get that...there’s a salt shaker in the glove compartment. 
GR: The buffalo jump over the concrete barrier…
CT: Jesus Christ.
GR: between the road and now they are running about 10 feet behind Xanadu and they are keeping pace. 
DR: Did you see that buffalo jump? 
P: These are— 
BB: Can I? Oh no. Go ahead. 
ES: I was just going say…
P: These are crazy buffalo. 
ES: It wasn’t anything important. 
BB: I was going to slip into VR and.... 
BB: see if I can see if these guys are machines or if they’re crazy buffalo. 
GR: Okay. Why don’t you give me a perception roll on that? 
BB: Cool. Five hits. 
GR: Five hits. Okay. So, you, in a very brilliant move, slip into augmented reality to assess the situation. As he’s doing so, this is what you guys see. From the right side of the buffalo that were not looking at, these humans in tattered clothing are climbing up the side and on the buffalo and are now riding it, holding guns. 
BB: Wha? 
GR: Here’s what you’re seeing. You’re seeing the buffalo have lots of cyber augmentation. Lots. But there is a biomass within them. But the things on their backs were humans once, but it looks like they’re connected to some sort of cyber thing within them to make it look like these guys are riding buffalos. But it’s really just like a corpse propped up on—
CT: What the—? 
GR: The corpse is wired to the buffalo to make it look, the buffalo can control the thing on the back. 
BB: Oh shit. Well, I’m in hell. 
GR: So you guys are seeing buffalo with guys riding it, but you are seeing these robot machines that have these puppets on their backs with these guns. 
BB: So, I know that the buffalo are controlling whatever the figures are. 
BB: Okay. Fair enough. 
DR: I think they’re probably smelling the buffalo testicles that are in the back. I don’t know who those guys are that are riding buffalo though. 
P: They’re the poo. 
GR: I think it’s time to roll for initiative.
CT: I’m scared. I’m…
ES: I got a 13. 
BB: I got a 16. 
MM: Dak Rambo got a 12. 
CT: 11. 
DR: First up we got Z. 
BB: I’m going to go ahead and try to hack whatever the closest one is. 
GR: Okay. Let’s say that’s the buffalo in the center. 
ES: How many are there? 
GR: Three.
BB: I only got two hits. 
GR: I only got one, so you got one mark. So, Z zones out into the matrix and with a typity type you’ve got a...what does it look like when you hack into someone? Do you have a deck? 
BB: Z has a cyber deck, but it’s actually implanted, so he doesn’t have to access it with his physical body. He can just access it mentally. But since this is real world and he’s essentially going through AR, Z is sitting in the cab of the truck but looking directly towards the back, and through the back of the truck, he can see the outlines of these three buffalo with corpse puppets on top of them. And he just singles out the first one and then tries to start accessing it wirelessly.
GR: So he gets one mark on that, which is going to give him a little bit of control. Okay. So, the first buffalo...so what you guys see is the buffalo on the car’s right side tries a maneuver to get closer to the vehicle. Okay, so this buffalo just sped up like crazy and is now riding alongside the cabin and this head just turns and looks into cabin and is waving this gun like a toy, but it has this lifeless expression on its face. 
CT: Tech Wizard is terrified. 
GR: So next up we have Pox. 
P: Pox is going to use her katana to slice off the person’s arm. 
GR: Yeah, make it minus two because you’re in a moving vehicle aiming towards another moving object. 
P: Two hits. 
GR: You reach your sword out and slice this dude, and he makes no effort to dodge or block it, and it cuts the front of him open, and you see these wires just pop out of his chest. 
P: What the fuck is that?
GR: We’re going to go to Dak. 
MM: I imagine that right now Pox is holding on to the side of the cabin as we’re speeding down the highway. 
GR: Let’s say that. That’s dramatic. 
MM: And where are the other two buffalo? 
GR: In your rear view mirror, you can see a buffalo on your left scoping around like it’s about to try gain on you. 
MM: In that case, I’m going to swing the trailer around to smash into the buffalo that’s coming around the left while Pox attacks the buffalo on the right. 
GR: Great. That’s a reaction plus vehicle skill.
MM: That’ll be no hits. 
GR: Okay, it’s a dud. 
ES: Zen. 
GR: You swing the car but the buffalo artfully dodges away and nothing comes this way or that. It’s actually the center buffalo’s turn right now. This is the one with one mark on it. So, the buffalo behind the car is going to try and rush and ram into the butt of Xanadu. 
MM: I got four hits. 
GR: So, the buffalo attempts to ram the vehicle but just cannot get up the speed to do anything. But really just grazes against it for a moment, and then falls back to the pace where it was at. But it looked pretty ferocious in doing so. So next up, we have…
GR and CT: Tech Wizard? 
CT: I’m going to create a very small but significant ice sheet to the front right of Xanadu. Right in the path of that buffalo. Since this is a small area, I’ll do just force two, let’s say.
GR: Great.
CT: Yeah, I mean I hit two. 
GR: Two hits? 
CT: Yeah. In this instance since they are just creatures, they are going to make an agility and reaction test with a threshold equa… Do, do, do, do, do. Who didn’t review the nature of the spell before they cast it? I should have done more hits. I should have done a higher force. 
MM: That’s okay. 
GR: You live in thee, you learn in thee, you get loves. 
CT: I thought they had to do it no matter what, but they do have to do it no matter what. 
GR: What’s the deal? 
CT: But the threshold is just the hits you score to avoid falling prone. 
GR: So, you shoot out the ice in front of it and this buffalo going 102 miles per hour at this point to be able to keep up with this vehicle and you blast that ice in front of it. And the buffalo doesn’t even think. It leaps over the ice right as soon as you shoot it. Almost as if it was anticipating your movement. It’s freaky. 
CT: Tech Wizard looks at his hands like they’ve betrayed him. 
GR: Okay. Now it’s the buffalo on the left’s turn. It is going to try and speed the heck up. 
CT: That’s scary, Gannon. I’m very scared. 
GR: Yes. So, the buffalo catches up to about parallel with the driver’s seat right now. And the dead-eyed rider looks off into the driver’s seat. Tech, er, Z, from your vantage point, you can see the silvery green outline of the tech on the buffalo behind you. And you see it open its mouth. And it speak. It says...and everyone hears this. It’s very loud. “SUBMIT HUMAN.” 
BB: Jesus fucking Christ. 
TW: What the fuck? What the fuck? 
DR: Oh my God. That’s scary. 
TW: I just want to record a children’s tv show. 
GR: Okay, Z’s turn. 
BB: Sweet. So, I’m going to slip into hotsim and then jump into this buffalo I have a mark on. 
GR: Okay. Blair is currently holding all of our dice. 
BB: I got five hits. 
GR: You got another mark on it and you’re in. 
BB: So, I was specifically using Control Device. 
GR: Trying to control the bison? 
BB: So, Zenith, despite being a pretty diminutive dude, his entire persona on the inside of the matrix is very imposing physically just because that’s something he doesn’t have in the real world. So as soon as he slips into hotsim...hotsim is where deckers are able to experience the matrix from a physical perspective. It’s essentially blending your brain and the matrix at the same time. So now in addition to being able to see colors and shit within the matrix, he’s also feeling all of it. His body’s experiencing sensations. And Z’s persona, or I think, icon is what it is. 
GR: Might be icon. 
BB: His visual appearance within hotsim VR is an eight-foot tall bright white genie-looking dude? Just looks like a massively imposing legless being that just floats around. As soon as he slips into hotsim, he becomes this thing and then charges straight at this buffalo in the back. 
MM: I got a question I think we’re all wondering: does this genie have on clothes? 
BB: I’m trying to think the best way to describe this. He doesn’t have a physical body, It’s an aura of—. 
ES: It’s like gas? 
CT: I’ve a question. Does that aura of lightning have a dick? 
BB: There’s no visible penis on his hotsim person. 
CT: Not even like a silhouette? 
BB: No. 
CT: Alright. Not that intimidating. 
ES: So is it like a mermaid? 
BB: Honestly, if you know what a water elemental looks like? From Warcraft? 
MM: Blizzard? 
BB: Yeah, Blizzard from—. 
MM: Blizzard’s classic—
BB: Kind of like that but blue crackling matrix energy with two jet black pits as the eyes. 
MM: That’s a cool detail that I’m happy we asked these three questions that get to. 
GR: So, now you’re inside the bison’s mainframe and it’s pretty typical for a cybernetic setup. Though you can definitely see there is a lot of intelligence enhancers. There are some anti-hacking protocols that are making their way to you position, but as long as you’re inside the bison, you’ll be able to control it within the meat world. So, then we’ll move on to Eleni’s bison.
BB: Pox’s bison? 
GR: Pox’s bison. So, Pox has just sliced open the chest of the bison rider, and there’s a bunch of wires and robotics pop out and it’s… It points its gun at you. 
ES: Oh God. 
GR: How many hits? 
ES: Two. 
GR: Two. Okay, three, so it got one on you. So that’s…
ES: Six hits. 
GR: Six. So you only take three physical damage. So it shoots at you and it wings you in the meat of your left bicep. So it’s a pretty alright cut, but you ain’t out yet. 
P: That’s my sword arm. 
GR: It’s your turn now, Pox. 
ES: I’m going to slice this little buffalo shit in the…
CT: Damn. Savage. 
ES: I am slicing it in the neck. 
GR: You’re going for the bison? 
ES: The bison has bison life in it? 
GR: I think all you know right now is that you sliced the man riding on the back of this bison, which looks completely organic, and a bunch of wires popped out of him. So whatever that means to you…
BB: Technically, I haven’t told literally anybody in the group what I’ve found out. 
MM: We’re being guided by sheer terror. 
GR: You did hear one bison say, “Submit humans.” 
ES: A bison said it or a man? 
BB: They weren’t sure if that was coming out of the bison’s mouth or not, right? They just heard it bad. 
CT: It might have been the human. 
GR: I don’t think they saw that bison because it was directly behind the vehicle. 
ES: I’m going to slice the bison. I’m going to try to stick my katana right through its head. 
GR: Take minus two because you’re on a moving vehicle attempting to attack a moving object. 
BB: I love how you phrase that. Take a minus two to dice because what you’re doing is just crazy-fuck hard. Take a minus two to dice because you didn’t graduate high school and you are doing your PHD dissertation.
MM: Take a minus two to dice because you are doing a PGA golf tour and both of your hands are pieces of spaghetti. That’s fun. It’s a fun game. 
BB: Minus two sounds so paltry. 
ES: I got zero hits. 
GR: It’s a swing and a miss. You swipe that katana down attempting to hit that thing’s neck and it dances out of the way effortlessly. We’re going to go to Dak’s turn. 
MM: Dak is going to try to side swipe the one of the left again. 
GR: You’re going to be getting right up in its grill. 
MM: I love it. I’m going to put that bison on my grill, and I’m going to make a big old buffalo steak. And the four of us are going to eat it. Oh, baby. I got five hits but I think that’ll be pilot three. So that’s my threshold for this.
BB:That was responsible. Mike Migdall? May be not so much of a cheater after all. 
MM: Look, I’ve never cheated in my life and right now Blair is wearing a brass three-piece suit. Has a little monocle. And he is smoking out of a long copper pipe. 
ES: I wish you could see his face. 
GR: This buffalo is…
MM: a demon buffalo. 
GR: Can really move. You pull to try and smash this guy, but the bison dances away from you with a crazy eye. The dude sitting on the back of that thing, waving its gun around. It’s actually the butt bison’s turn, the bison at the back of the truck’s turn. Cut butt bison, please Casey Toney? You’re going to fucking do that. Z is in control of this guy right now, so we’re going to go to Z’s perspective. 
CT: I’m going to go ahead and speak through this thing’s mouth. 
Z and GR: Guys, aim for the bison. Ignore the dudes on top. This is Z. 
TW: The bisons are trying to trick us. We can’t listen.
P: Oh God. Oh my God. Who can we believe? 
BB: Z, back in his old body...this takes a lot of concentration but it’s fucking worth it. Also, this is going to be a free action. Z pops his ocular drone out of this head and just whacks Tech right in the head with it. 
TW: They’ve got Z. No.
P: Alright, Tech. That’s—
CT: He starts shaking. 
DR: Tech, Tech. I can’t focus on driving when you’re flailing around like a damned banner in the wind. 
TW: We’re about to lose our best boy. 
P: Oh my God. He’s fine. He’s smacking you in the face. He’s fine. 
CT: I’m going to go back to the buffalo voice real quick. 
TW: Why would he ever do that? 
Z and GR: I’m in the bison. 
DR: The bison or the buffalo? 
Z and GR: Bison. Although they could be buffalo because they are machines, so I guess? I’m not totally sure. 
DR: Wait a second. These things are machines? 
Z and GR: Yes. 
P: So, we kill them by killing the furry beast part. 
Z and GR: Yeah. The thing on top is just a corpse doll. 
P: So we’re going to kill them. 
P: And you’re going to kill them too, right? 
Z and GR: I’m in one of them right now. 
DR: Should we not kill that one? 
Z and GR: I don’t know yet. Let me try some weird shit and I’ll get back to you. 
P: That sounds really. At least you’re cool. 
DR: At least you’re cool. 
TW: You’re cool. 
P: Hey, why are doing that? 
DR: Doing that? 
Z and GR: Thanks guys. 
CT: No longer talking through the bison. So, what I’m going to do is have the corpse doll aim his gun directly down at the bison. I’m going to go ahead and spend an edge to reroll my misses. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. I did it. I got five hits. 
GR: Got five hits. This corpse takes his hand, puts it right to the buffalo’s head, and fires. Buffalo takes considerable damage. Ain’t down though. Thing is a beast. Up behind you, you see an ICE anti-hacking unit float up, this shimmering symbol shaped like an ankh. A silvery blue ankh. And it shoots a spike at you.
BB: I got two hits. 
GR: You avoid the spike. 
BB: Yes.
CT: Nice. 
GR: You bonk it away with your big meaty hand. I believe it’s Tech Wizard, right? 
CT: Pox is essentially tangled up with the one on the right and the one on the left is giving us trouble with the actual truck—with Xanadu. So, I am going to levitate it. All I’m going to try to do is once I levitate I can move it in any direction. I’m going to flip it upwards on its back. I’m glad we had all that time because the math for this is fucking nuts. 
GR: Someone google how much a bison weighs? 
CT: 2,000 pounds. 
GR: Thank you, Casey. 
MM: Casey didn’t even google. He didn’t even look away. He just knows that. 
CT: I worked with animals. 
ES: Animals. 
MM: Truly though. He worked at the Toledo Zoo. 
CT: For many, many years. 
BB: Do you work with bison?
CT: No, but…
MM: You work with buffalo. 
CT: You can guess the weight if a polar bear weighs 1400 pounds. 
GR Can we get a confirmation? 
ES: “A mature bison bull will weigh approximately 2000 pounds while a mature bison cow will weigh approximately 1100 pounds.” 
CT: These are definitely bulls. 
MM: But it does say this is on CaseyToney.com.
ES: Where? 
MM: /facts. 
GR: So, it’s a 2000 pound bison. What are doing to lift this guy? 
CT: So, it’s a male bison is what you’re saying. 
GR: Well, it’s 2000 pounds. He’s estimating it’s 2000. He’s looking at this and he’s saying, “I’m going to use enough energy for 2000 pounds.”
CT: Yes. So just so we have the math on record, I have to beat a threshold equal to the subject’s mass divided by 200 kilograms rounded up. I also had to fucking convert that. It was terrible.
BB: How many kilograms in 2000 pounds?
CT: 440. 
MM: It checks out. 
CT: 441. CaseyToney.com/facts/conversions. So roughly, that comes out to 4.5, so I would need five force. But in this instance, since the creature is going to be resisting, they are also...and I have to have a certain amount of force just to do it. But then my hits are going to be contesting with their strength and body, which I imagine is huge. Fucking massive. This is bold. So in that instance, I am going to...let’s see. 
MM: Casey has a big chalkboard behind him with lots of equations and numbers written on it. 
BB: And a janitor just came in and erased them all. 
CT: Oh, fuck. No, no, no. I guess I’ll shoot a lightning bolt. 
GR: Am I rolling body and strength? 
CT: You’re going to contest this with body and strength. 
GR: Wow. I’ve got to look that up. That’s very interesting. 
CT: Seriously, if I were first in the order, we would be sitting here forever, but I spent the entire round doing all the math for that. I’m going to go...I know it’s going to be hard, so I’m going to set my threshold at force eight. Because the fact of the matter is Gannon—and don’t you try to tell me otherwise—, but this guy gets flipped on his back, he’s done. We’re going 99 miles an hour. This is a big move. Can you hand me some dice please? 
ES: Like every single dice? 
CT: You know what I love most about this podcast, especially listening to you beautiful people so often, is our inability to tell the difference between dice and die.
ES: I know. 
CT: And how they are used absolutely interchangeably. 
ES: Yeah, it doesn’t matter. 
MM: Like buffalo and bison. 
ES Yeah. Buffalo, bison, die, dice. You know. Birds of a feather. 
CT: So, force eight. This going to fall coming out maybe with the drain. 
GR: I am really in love with this roll. 
ES: I watched Casey Toney out. 
CT: Oh, baby. I have four hits right now, but I’m going to use an edge to reroll my misses. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. Reroll my misses if only that were possible. I won’t be with Stacey Peterman. 
MM: She’s your wife. 
CT: Baby, that’s eight. No, that’s nine, but it’s only eight because. Holy fucking shit. No way. 
GR: Oh, it’s eight. 
CT: No!. 
GR: It’s...no it’s nine. He rolled nine hits. 
CT: What?
GR: Nine hits. 
CT: The fuck? That’s an honest roll? You rolled nine hits? 
BB: I didn’t see him flip anything. 
GR: That was nine hits. Roll your drain. 
CT: Now I have a shit roll. 
GR: Tech Wizard extends out his hands to the bison—
CT: Can we talk about how the fucking ground...people’s hair is sticking on end. This is a massive fucking spell. This is among the most powerful spells he’s ever cast. 
GR: This is shooting through Dak Rambo right now. What is Dak Rambo feel as the force extends through him to attempt to pick up the bison? 
CT: I don’t know. What does Dak Rambo feel? 
MM: Dak Rambo feels… He actually starts to lift in his seat a little bit. And he’s floating and he’s pushing his hand against the cabin roof to keep him down so he can keep smashing the gas pedal. And he’s like.... 
DR: What’s happening? 
GR: Dak Rambo takes a look out of the window to see what’s going on. And the hairs on the all the buffalo are standing on end. And then the corpse, for a second, goes totally limp. Its hand up in the air, the gun even floats out of the corpse’s hand for a moment. But the bison just tenses up and is still running and the weight of the bison just all of a sudden slams with its next hoofbeat. And all the hair goes down and the gun lands back in the corpse’s hand. And it keeps on moving, not missing a beat; but it is heavy-duty stuff. 
CT: Tech Wizard, you notice, that as he was doing that, a single stream of blood started pouring from his nose and his eyes started rolling back in his head as he performed it. And as it fails, he releases it, and passes out for a few seconds, knocking his head against the glass. He takes three drain. 
GR: Three drain. 
CT: And is now at a minus one for all his spellcasting from here on out. 
MM: For the rest of the podcast. Be it a thousand episodes.
BB: Because we never rest. NeoScum. 
ES: We never rest. 
GR: We never take a break. 
MM: Four. 
GR: The bison to your left attempts to get in front of the vehicle to slow it down or potentially because it a collision. But Dak Rambo sees them coming and with his quick moves, does not allow the bison...He swings Xanadu in front, keeping the bison from getting the gain on him. 
MM: And he says: 
DR: That’s why the expression is, “As stupid as a buffalo.” Hey, pass me some of that sweet space weed. 
MM: He bangs the top of the cabin. 
BB: Tech is still passed out on the window. 
GR: Tech is passed out. A big old pile of space weed falls on his head. Let me describe this. Eleni is hanging off the car with her sword like—
ES: Pox. 
GR: Eleni…
BB: Oh, you’ve got this, man. You’ve so got this. You have this. 
MM: This episode is going to be a mess edit. 
GR: Why do I do that? Call it, Eleni. Isn’t it the episode? Pox is hanging off of the vehicle with her katana in her hand swinging at this bison and it is not giving. But the camera swings around back to Z hot-simming it inside of this bison. Through his perspective, he can see the green cyber outline of the cybernetics and wireless capabilities running through the bison on either sides as well as the bison he is in control of right now. And then he adjusts his view and he notices in the distance, maybe about a half a mile away, a bunch of green lining the horizon and coming closer. So, now we’ll cut over to Dak Rambo as he’s attempting to cut this bison off to his left. And he takes a look to his right, and right at that same time, Pox is also looking into the distance and can see the trampled dust rising into the air. Something is approaching you. 
MM: And it’s green? 
BB: It’s only green in the Matrix. 
MM: Cool. We should cut this part out. 
PP2: Okay, PP. Bye. 

[EPISODEBREAK9]


MM: Dak Rambo is piloting Xanadu. He is driving down the street, with a hot piece of meat in between his legs. That’s nasty. Anyway, he’s driving. He’s been very frustrated because this is the first time Gannon has truly enforced the truck rules that say that Xanadu is not a god of the road!
GR: So on this flat, nowhere-ville sort of highway, the camera comes down directly so you’re looking right down at this truck, driving as fast as it can. I think we’re going what, 90 miles per hour?
BB: Yeah.
GR: Yeah, so directly to the left and right side are two bison, that to the naked eye, look like bison, but they’re moving at ridiculous speeds. Like, they’re keeping pace and could potentially move faster than this vehicle. There is one bison pursuing in the back that’s a little roughened up, and all of these bison have these strange, corpse-like humanoids hanging off the top in tattered clothing, holding pistols. There’s very clearly stampeding dust in the distance, some amount of—one may assume—some amount of buffalo or bison are riding in on the horizon, pursuing you. Let’s get in on the inside of the cab.
MM: Cool. Close up of Dak Rambo’s white knuckles on the steering wheel of Xanadu. He is gripping the steering wheel like you do a snake that just bit ya. Sweat is just pouring out of his every orifice. That’s the sound of his sweat hitting the leather seats of Xanadu. And his eyes are bloodshot and unblinking.
BB: Ten million buffalo all roll for initiative at once.
ES: Close up of Pox’s white hair flying in the wind, and her brow is furrowed, as she is—I should be speaking with an English accent right now, sorry. 
BB: Well, you’re describing her.
ES: No, actually, I don’t do that. And she is gripping the sides of the van, looking at this buffalo or bison right in the eye. And a single tear comes down from her cheek, because she doesn’t feel that she can kill it, and maybe it will kill her. That’s it.
CT: We’ve all failed pretty spectacularly, other than Z... 
ES: Yeah, Z is amazing.
CT: in this fight,
MM: Well, what has Z done? Dak—
BB: Close up on Zenith. His eyes, well his eye, has rolled back into his head, and he’s currently traipsing about in the matrix, locked into this robotic bison. When we left off, he had just used the corpse doll to fire a shot through the body of the bison.
GR: Doing some pretty serious damage. And in the cyber world, his avatar is currently facing off against a silvery-blue ankh-shaped IC unit. IC, stands, of course, we all know what IC stands for. IC stands for intrusion countermeasures. In most matrix programs, you’ll have certain IC floating around making sure hackers aren’t messing around, your typical Norton Anti-Virus Software.
MM: Wouldn’t ice countermeasures be ICM?
ES: ICM? What’s the E in ice for?
GR: Oh, it’s just IC, but you just call it ice.
MM: Ah. Thank you. 
CT: And Tech Wizard is also there. He’s just recently, actually, he is just coming to, after passing out from severe drain, trying to levitate one of those buffalos and smacking his head against the glass window of Xanadu.
MM: Dak, in of the corner of his eye, sees that Tech is fading in and out, and is getting drained. And he reaches underneath the seat, and he pulls out a really nasty looking Gatorade, like those green Gatorade bottles. And he goes:
DR: Hey, Tech. Drink some of this Dak Fuel.
CT: Tech takes it without question.
MM: Ooh, and it is a nasty mixture of grain alcohol, the Shadowrun equivalent of Powerade, maple syrup is in there, there’s some habanero, some ghost—
GR: The the Shadowrun equivalent of Powerade is Cyberade.
MM: Nice, Cyberade. There’s some habanero pepper and also ghost pepper. So it’s pretty spicy.
ES: And a scotch bonnet— pepper.
BB: I just wanna inject, if we’ve got any Scoville fans in the listening crew, ghost pepper is not just kinda spicy. Ghost pepper is, I mean, it’s top of the charts.
CT: Tech Wizard a big old swig, and as he does, his hat stand perfectly upright like, and his eyes bug out, and his head shakes. He goes beet red, and is rejuvenated by five stun damage.
ES: Yeah! Yes!
MM: It’s agreed. Gannon agrees by not saying anything.
BB: Yes, after ten—
GR: Hell no.
ES: Aww, I thought you were gonna say yeah, and then I gonna be was like ‘Pox drinks the rest of the bottle’
GR: Hell No. Five damage from drinking a drink? When’s the last time he got hit in the face and then like, drank a soda and then you were like, “I’m better?” This ain’t a video game, baby, it’s real life. This is real life. This is all based on what will happen to all of us.
BB: I like how only time Tech Wizard has ever suffered drain in the history of this entire podcast, he immediately removes all of his stun damage.
GR: What if I’m better now?
MM: Two things. First off, Gannon, you’ve never had Dak Fuel in real life, so—
BB: There is some suspension of disbelief here.
MM: That will be shattered when you drink some Dak Fuel after the recording. I’ve got it back in my crib.
GR: I’ve got a caveat for you. Okay?
MM: I love caviar.
CT: I need to heal my stun. I—
GR: No, no, no. You feel as though five stun has been removed. It hasn’t.
CT: Right. 
GR: So you won’t be getting whatever negative details for the five stun, but we have to put some sort of fucked up drawback on this.
BB: Can we put a drug, and can we have Mike roll to see which random drug he has?
GR: Oh, yes! I like this.
MM: You want me to roll with dice? 
ES Drug?
CT: Dude, what if it’s total—
MM: Or roll on the ground?
BB: How about both, my dude.
MM: Okay, seriously, for the real—
CT: Hold the dice, then roll with them in your hand.
ES: He just took an arbitrary number of dice, that I handed to him.
BB: If you roll two die I can come up with something for it, unless you want to do it.
GR: Hold on a second. Did the air conditioning just turn on?
ES: Oh good, I’m on fire right now.
MM: It did. Listeners, the air conditioning is on right now. As soon as it’s off, I want you to know that I really am going to roll on the ground, and throw the dice across the room.
BB: What? Don’t do that.
MM: Yes! I will! Because that’s how crazy I am. Dak Rambo.
ES: He is crazy.
GR: Oh, he’s standing up. He’s standing up.
CT: This is happening.
ES: And he’s on the floor— 
GR: And Casey’s not gonna like this part. 
ES: He’s smiling—
GR: Because he has to cut around the sound of air conditioning.
ES: He’s rolling back and forth. Rolling back and forth—
GR: Just— Oh! Oh my god he just threw it.
ES: Threw ‘em up into the air. And he got one and a three.
GR: They both landed on the table.
BB: A one and a three. Alright, so the random drug of choice is going to be: Kamikaze!
GR: Kamikaze! Blair, why don’t you tell the viewers at home a little about Kamikaze.
BB: Kamikaze is a tailored combat stimulant. When Kamikaze wears off, the user crashes, and suffers -1 Reaction, -1 Willpower, and -2 to all Limits for a duration equal to the initial effect. He also suffers 6 stun damage. Now, that’s what happens when Kamikaze wears off, but when it kicks in, it gives you +1 Body, +1 Agility, +2 Strength, +1 Willpower, +2 Physical Limit, and +2d6 initiative dice, and high pain tolerance three.”
GR: Okay, so that works perfectly.
MM: These are things that don’t help spellcasters really all that much.
BB: Yes. +1 Willpower will be nice and the initiative die… that never hurt anyone.
ES: Is there any left? Can I drink some?
GR: Well, Tech is going to have to roll to see how long this Dak Juice is lasting.
MM: It’s Dak Fuel.
GR: So Tech takes a big ol’ swig of Dak Fuel—?
MM: Dak Fuel!
GR: Okay, takes a big ol’ swig of Dak Fuel. What did you roll? 1d, 1d for duration of the Kamikaze.
BB: Times 10 minutes.
CT: Oh, mother—
GR: Hell yes! Hell yes! 
CT: Fucker! Mo—
GR: That was a 1, ladies and gentlemen. 
CT: God!
GR: That was—ten minutes
CT: Fuck!! Wait hold on, Blair— Blair, Blair, Blair.
ES: Ten minutes is plenty for combat.
CT: What are the withdrawal effects, again?
BB: When it wears off, the user crashes, and suffers -1 Reaction, -1 Willpower, and -2 to all Limits for a duration equal to that of the initial effect. You also suffer 6 stun damage.
GR: Dude, you’re passing out.
BB: After it wears off.
CT: Six- In ten minutes. Okay.
GR: Which in a fight round, could be quite long.
CT: Yes, absolutely.
GR: So this is all good shit for like a Beserker, but for a Wizard, not super, typically useful.
MM: And Dak Rambo thought this would be a great idea for his good buddy Tech Wizard to shoot up right now. So—
DR: Hey there, Tech! How’re you feeling, buddy, you’re making monkey sounds?
CT: Tech takes off his robe, in the car. He ties it around his waist.
GR: So is Tech Wizard totally nude now?
CT: As usual, he is wearing a dirty white tank top underneath. He is wearing it like Kurt Cobain. And, he is now the Fist Wizard.
DR: Hey Tech, you think you can make Xanadu fly?
TW: I can do, exactly that! Baby!
DR: Yeah, baby, gimme some of that Dak Juice. Is there any left?
GR: No, there’s no Dak Juice left.
MM: Let me reach under the seat again.
GR: You found a teddy bear.
MM: I find a teddy bear. I reach under and find a real eight ball.
P: I’ll take that. 
CT: Tech grabs the teddy bear and freaking bites its head off like a wild animal.
ES: Pox takes the Eight Ball. She secretly asks—
P: Am I going to do anything useful today?
CT: Wait, wait, wait.
ES: She rolls a one.
CT: What does the eight ball say again?
BB: Gannon, can I use you for a sec? I want to speak from the bison again.
Z and GR: Hey guys!
BB and GR: What’s going on in there?
DR: Tech took some Dak Juice—some Dak Fuel.
BB and GR: Oh, geez—
CT: Tech Wizard—
GR: Hold on a sec, we never told Pox what her magic eight ball was.
CT: What’s her magic eight ball?
GR: Results cloudy. Try again.
ES: A four.
GR: It says, “I’m Dak Rambo!”
P: That’s interesting.
GR: Okay, everyone is gonna have to roll for initiative.
CT: Oh boy.
GR: Okay, does everyone have a number?
Multiple: Yes.
GR: Z.
BB: 14.
GR: P.
ES: 13.
GR: D.
MM: 13.
GR: TW.
CT: 19.
GR: Okay. Tech Wizard. You have one buffalo on the...one on the left side, one on the right side, one directly behind.
CT: So the Fist Wizard, the Fist Wizard is getting physical, because he’s a real physical beast right now. And he is going to cast Clout.
GR: Clout!
CT: Clout is just a magic punch. It’s the only way Tech can punch. You might remember he obliterated man’s balls with Clout.
GR: Episode One!
CT: Tech Wizard wants to see these guys go down, and he is gonna a cast a meaty, hefty Clout, right at the kneecap, from the front fellas.
GR: Which one, the left, right, or behind?
CT: The left.
MM: That would be the one that Dak has been trying to ram against.
CT: I’ve got to be so fucking careful with my drain, because literally, I just wanted to say for the record, if I get one drain in ten minutes, I pass out. Because I will have reached my stun damage limit.
MM: Seriously, you are the only Deus Ex Machina that our group has right now. Okay. Blair Britt as Z is looking very upset that I said that.
ES: Precise.
CT: It’s gonna be a force 5. I hit 5. I totally resist the drain.
GR: Okay, you shoot a blast of punch out of your hand and the air ripples around. Dak feels it whip through his mullet, as it shoots out of the open window, into the kneecap of the beast. And it connects, and it sort of stumbles for half a second, gets knocked back about a foot, and then regains its movement. But you did it a little damage.
CT: Tech Wizard is so fucking pissed. He’s so fucking pissed… Fist Wizard is pissed. I just wanna differentiate.
MM: What about Casey Toney. Is Casey Toney pissed?
CT: Casey Toney is having a great time. Casey Toney is very happy.
MM: You just crushed a die. 
CT: Yeah.
MM: It’s powder now.
CT: Isn’t that fun?
GR: I think we’re ready now to move on to Z... Okay, so we’re shooting over to Z. Typ-typ-typin-typing away inside of his brain. Hacking into the Matrix.
BB: I believe last time we left off, I was inside of a buffalo? A bison.
GR: Yes, you are inside of the “buson.” 
BB: Of the “bu-son.”
ES: The bussalo.
BB: Pox is slashing out of a window right now, right?
GR: Yes.
BB: Okay, so I’m gonna take the bison up the right side of the truck, and move, I guess as close as I can, without burning all of my actions.
GR: The way this beast is maneuvered is very similar to that of a vehicle, for whatever reason. So you’re gonna have to do a Reaction Vehicle Skill.
CT: I’ll make sure enough. 
BB: Alright, so I’m rolling to get close? Is that what we’re doing?
GR: Yep, yep, yep. 
BB: Okay. We got two hits.
GR: I’ll say that you’ve successfully gotten up close behind the buffalo that Eleni is duking it out with. And that is the end of your turn. So now we’re going to jump over—
ES: That Pox is duking it out with.
GR: I don’t know why I do—
ES: Um, my name’s awesome. That’s why.
GR: It’s good. Pox! Duking it out with Pox! Jumping over to Pox!
P: Dak! Where is that compartment of petroleum jelly?
DR: Well, last place I left it, was, right there, under the Hula Girl.
P: Oh, perfect.
ES: And Pox lifts up the Hula Girl, and opens up the compartment filled with petroleum jelly, and throws it all to make the buffalo/bison slip. 
GR: Right.
ES: And it works!
GR: What skills will you be using to throw the vaseline in front of the bison?
MM: Demolitions could technically be it, because trust me, that lube is the bomb.
ES: I’m gonna pass. I have Athletics. Hmm…
MM: Maybe diplomacy, because you haven’t told Dak that you are gonna throw his lube out of the window.
BB: If you don’t have a relevant skill, you don’t like...I didn’t have a relevant skill for piloting, so I just rolled Reaction.
MM: Ooh, impersonation, because she’s impersonating someone who throws stuff well.
ES: Yeah, I’m impersonating someone...
BB: It’s like if you were pick up a shotgun that you’ve never fired before in your life, you’d be able to put your relevant stat into it, but if you don’t know how to use a shotgun, you would...
ES: I don’t have any additional thing.
BB: Exactly.
ES: Okay, that makes sense. Okay, so would I roll my Agility then...
GR: Yes
ES: for drawing this out? And do I still take a minus two? 
GR: You are going to take a minus two. 
ES: Well, then I roll two dice. Wow, this is going to be great. I’m going to do it, I got zero hits. And Pox cries.
DR: What the hell?
BB: Pretty sure you glitched. Right?
GR: Yep
BB: It was a 1 and a 3?
ES: Oh yeah.
BB: I just wanna, maybe something hilarious happens with this jelly now.
MM: Oh no, hold on. Are you telling me the petroleum jelly just hit the side of the window. And it’s actually just all over all of us right now?
ES: Yeah, and I’m just sticky and slippery.
GR: You move to throw it out the window, but the air from the speed of the, what do you call it? The air resistance, just sort of like, whipped the jelly right back into the car, soaking Pox, TW, and Dak.
DR: What the hell? That’s, that’s 40 nuyen worth of petroleum jelly. 
P: I’m—
DR: Why’d you try to throw it out the window?
P: I’m sorry, I thought they would slip, and clearly now we’re just gonna be the ones slip—oh! 
DR: Petrol—
ES: Pox falls, is rolling on the ground.
DR: Look, they didn’t want none of that petroleum jelly unless they’re trying to get sexy out there, and I don’t think they’re trying to get sexy.
P: I think they’re trying to get killed. And this is one way.
GR: Dak—
DR: My hands are slipping on the damn wheel.
GR: It is Dak’s turn right now. His fingers slipping and sliding around the steering wheel, making it hard to keep a grip.
MM: Gannon. Gannon ‘GM’ Reedy.
GR: Uh huh?
MM: We’re gonna just outrun. I’m gonna go ahead, and I’m gonna press that nut button.
BB: The nut button.
MM: Can I get a hell yeah for the nut button?!
ES: Hell yeah!
DR: Tech, I want you to grab my hand right now, and wipe some of this petroleum jelly off.
MM: Okay, that should only be minus one instead of minus two on whatever I roll right now. Gannon?
GR: Okay.
DR: Thank you. Hey, Pox?
P: Yeah. 
DR: Can you just jab Z in the ribs right now just to make sure he is still with us.
Pox: Uh, his ribs are really hard.
DR: Alright, that’s good enough for me.
MM: I’m gonna step on this gas pedal even more, and I’m try to slam into the bison on our left, that we already did some damage to.
GR: Okay.
MM: Also, I want to say, I turn up the volume of the cool rock instrumental that’s playing currently.
CT: With our beautiful new sound system.
MM: Yes, because I want to at least get some use out of this tricked-out sound system that we just got from Tiny, Tiny Marco.
BB: Before we crash, is that why you’re sayin that?
MM: No, before we kill all the bison, and get Tech Wizard to his appointment. Z, back into VR for you. So my limit was three. I got three.
BB: Hell yeah. 
GR: You’re going about 90 miles an hour, so it’s going to be Body times two. 
MM: Okay.
GR: So what’s your body on the truck?
MM: My body is…the age I was when I was able to vote for the first time, 18.
GR: So, this is for potential of 26 damage.
MM: Did you say 26 or 36?
BB: 18 plus18. Yeah. 
GR: That’s 18 times two. Yeah, that’s 36.
MM: I just want to make sure we’re also all of our damage. And also 36, the age I was when I died. I saw my future, and I’m gonna die very young.
GR: Your vehicle is going to have to resist half of that damage.
MM: Okay, and explain to me, why?
GR: Because you’re using your car to crash into something else, so your vehicle could potentially take damage doing that.
BB: For each action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
GR: So you’re taking half of that, which, I think I learned once in school.
BB: He learned once in school.
MM: He is not a fool. 
ES: He will never remember.
CT: I was reading about stats online, so I don’t know what we’re singing about
ES: Oh yeah-eh-ah!
BB: Casey, take it away!
CT: One more verse?
MM: Two more verses.
BB: And one two three, go!
CT: I still don’t know what we’re singing about, but I’m here to join. We are all good friends with dice, and we’re gonna have some fun.
BB: Shh, Casey, Gannon is trying to say something.
ES: Smoke a joint
CT: Oh my god.
ES: Oh.
GR: Okay, did you roll for your vehicle’s damage check?
MM: I did not, because I do not know how.
GR: Armor, your vehicle’s Armor and Body, and you are doing that against 18 Damage.
MM: Okay. Guys, I need—
GR: Sorry, sorry. 19 Damage. 19 Damage.
MM: Was that extra one because I mouthed off?
GR: No, no, it’s because you got one—
ES: All the dice in the world.
GR: No, sorry, it is 18. I’m sorry, no no, my mistake. It’s 18.
CT: Dude, you argued your way into a better roll?
ES: Is it Armor and Body?
MM: I need 36 die.
ES: Yeah. He does.
BB: Seriously
GR: Uhhhh.
ES: This is 33 right here— 34. Here, roll all these. Give me two.
MM: They’re too many die.
ES: Okay. 
GR: Oh my goodness, there’s so many dice in Mike’s hands. They’re, it’s truly—
ES: They’re overflowing.
MM: Also, we all use big fuzzy pink die to roll.
BB: Yeah, they’re 3 feet by 3 feet.
ES: But they make really crisp sounds. Wow!
MM: Okay, one hit. Two hits.
ES: Give us five minutes.
MM: Hey, we got—
BB: 15 hits on 36 dice.
GR: So, here’s what happens. So Dak’s greasy, slippery fingers, are on the car wheel, and he just slams it to the left. And this bison moves with grace and speed, but it is no match for the hulking frame of Xanadu. Xanadu smashes this guy, this buffalo loses balance, flips over the side of the highway, bounces a few times with pieces of it flying off. Viscera and robo pieces bouncing everywhere. And Xanadu blasts past. Xanadu takes 4 damage. So we got a little dent on the side, but that bison got freakin’ bllll-bleefed! Blasted and beefed.
ES: Bleefed!
MM: Dak laughs maniacally!
DR: How’s my driving, bison?
CT: Tech Wizard starts laughing.
ES: Pox is also silently laughing. 
BB: When Tech Wizard laughs, I’m imagining the time left in his Kamikaze run is just above his head.
EL: Pox also hits Z in the ribs one more time. It’s like, “We got ‘em!”
MM: Yes.
GR: Okay, I’m just marking down that this guy got bleefed: Beefed and blasted. Okay, so now, it is the bison behind Pox. Okay. So we’re gonna jump inside of the matrix. The ankh is gonna shoot a spike of matrix energy at Z-man.
BB: I got three hits, which is my Firewall, so that’s my limit anyway.
GR: Okay, its blast shoots on by. This guy’s a total shrimpo. So, we’re gonna hop over to the other bison.
ES: Alright, well, I’m gonna use my—
GR: Hold on, hold on.
CT: It’s not your turn.
GR: Okay.
ES: I’ve got my dice.
GR: So, you’re going to do a Handling and Vehicle skill. There is a buffalo trying to cut you off.
MM: Hey, just so everybody knows that I’m not big rule cheater. Gannon, I’m gonna take minus one off, because I still have petroleum on my hands. 
GR: Okay, what? Listeners, Mike just dumped a big ol’ gallon of tea right on his crotch.
CT: This is gaming in 4D, baby.
GR: Real petroleum hands over here. Someone get a pic of that. Someone get a pic of that.
CT: Oh my god!
ES: He peed himself.
MM: Everyone...I didn’t pee!
ES: He peed himself. 
BB: I think—
ES: You didn’t even bother to wipe it off.
MM: Yeah, because I’ve got a roll to make.
GR: True gamer. I love this episode.
CT: Oh my god, legitimately.
BB: Oh, pretty hot and heavy in there, huh? 
ES: Everything fun is happening.
MM: It’s nice to check in with you guys in the middle of the episode and just talk about how freakin’ awesome this is right now.
CT: Yeah.
BB: Yeah. It’s nice to take a break. Put your die on the table. Close all the Hero Lab windows and really get down to business.
ES: It’s also nice to realize sometimes that I don’t really know what we’re in the middle of, because, I don’t know...
BB: Wait, Eleni, are you trying to say that we record these interludes separately from the episodes? Because—
ES: What are you talking about? Absolutely not!
BB: Because, that might mess with the perception of continuity that our fans have.
GR: I don’t—
ES: I’m just saying, I’m sorry, what?
GR: I was going to say I don’t know how that can be possible. We begin every one of these interludes with such specificity. Wow! What a great interlude.
ES: It’s just so crazy.
MM: If this was pre-recorded, how would I know about how we robbed that mall earlier in the episode.
ES: That did happen earlier in the episode.
BB: Okay, fans, you caught us, okay? We recorded all of these interludes in 1997 when we were children, and we planned a number of elaborate heists in order to cross check everything once these episodes finally came out.
GR: Yeah. And look, and I obtained the orb of farseeing. Yes, I know, at the time you’re listening to this, Donald Trump touched an orb from Saudi Arabia. It’s the same orb. It’s the same orb! We touched the orb, we can see, and we know everything. I’m a seven-year-old, but I know everything that’s happening the year 2017. I’m recording this right now. Anyway. Hashtag..
CT: Hashtag. #RayRayYouKnowAllAndSeeAll 
BB: That’s pretty good. 
ES: #RayRayYouKnowIt. Wait, what was it? Was that—
BB: Yeah, that was the right one. 
ES: Oh!
BB: Casey was making a funny little joke over there. And hey, we noticed it, and I appreciate you.
CT: Thank you, Blair.
BB: No no no no.
MM: I know what you’re probably thinking right now, and you’re gonna have pizza for dinner. And the next thing you’re thinking is—
BB: You’re gonna have poptarts for breakfast.
MM: And the last thing you’re thinking is, hey, there’s a new label that can be added to NeoScum—
BB: Yup.
MM: And that the label of being a One Shot Network Podcast.
GR: One Shot Network Podcast.
CT: One Shot Network Podcast.
GR: One Shot Network Podcast.
ES: One Shot Network Podcast.
BB: One Shot Network Podcast.
CT: Guys, we are part of the One Shot Network now. Just wanna say, you can expect a lot more cool NeoScum content to come. We are trucking along. We are a part of an awesome group of shows. Please check out all of the other shows on the One Shot Network, such as, One Shot. Yes, I go the easy one.
MM: Campaign.
GR: Campaign.
BB: Oh, took another easy one.
GR: Adventuuuuure.
BB: System Mastery.
MM: Modifier.
GR: System Modifiers. 
CT: Adventures.
GR. What the Fuck? with Marc Maron.
ES: RadioLab.
MM: BackStory.
BB: This American Life with Ira Glass.
MM: Hey—
BB: Honestly—
GR: Cum-Town
BB: One Shot is taking over, let’s be honest.
ES: Lore.
MM: Hello from the Magic Tavern.
CT: I just want to say, I appreciate our audience. Every time we hear from ya, it brightens our day. We talk about every single interaction we have.
ES: We do. We have a GroupMe, and we take screenshots of the reviews, and we say “look at that review. That guy….” and then Casey, in the other room says, “That guy fucking gets it.” And all kinds of great stuff happens.
CT: Speaking of, we did just get a review recently that made me say exactly that, and guffaw loudly from the other room. And that is...Blair, did you want to read this review?
BB: Oh, I was gonna read it whether you asked me or not, Casey.
CT: Yeah, that’s why, I just wanted to make a good segue. 
BB: Casey, that’s the deal. I was gonna violently read this review. “Title: Everything Great About Shadowrun by Keegan A. This podcast exemplifies the very best of pink mohawk Shadowrun hijinks. If you don’t listen to this podcast, I’ll kill you.”
GR: I just want to say, that really warmed my heart.
BB: We’re recruiting an army, and you’re invited, Mr. Keegan A.
CT: That is on brand.
BB: Very on brand.
CT: With our universe.
MM: True, our characters do kill—
CT: Guys—
MM: Many other characters.
CT: That are bad.
MM: But they’re bad...
BB: And it’s a fictional universe.
ES: I mean—
GR: They’re bad.
ES: Our characters might be the bad ones.
CT: No, no, no! I want you to prove to me that any one of the characters that we mercilessly murdered are good people. You can’t do it.
ES: Yeah, you can’t do it.
MM: You can’t do it because they are all dead.
BB: And they can’t. And dead men tell no tales.
CT: Alright, guys, how’re we gonna get back into this show?
BB: And without further ado, let’s jump back into the car crash.
GR: So we’re back in it.
MM: To be fair though, this was too much tea for me to drink. I’m gonna burn an edge.
BB: Wait, are you burning it?
CT: Are you burning it? 
BB: You’re spending it, right?
MM: Oh! No no, I’m spending it. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak.
MM: Yes! Alright, that’ll be three. 
GR: Okay. So the bison tries to maneuver in front of the vehicle, and once again, Xanadu heroically makes a quick little spinny driving move, and the bison just cannot get around it. I think, Jesus, I don’t think that even a minute has passed. If we think about what’s gone on for the....what has actually happened.
CT: Yeah.
GR: I’ll say a minute and a half has passed.
BB: So you’re saying, it took us an hour of casting to progress the plot 90 seconds?
GR: Correct.
CT: This entire episode can’t just be combat.
MM: You hear that Gannon, that’s a threat.
MM: Which turn is it?
GR: Tech Wizard! Is sweating, heaving, so where’re you at right now, TW?
CT: I’m feeling good, and alive, and blood-lusted. And I wanna do something real mean. And I wanna do something big, and I wanna cast a big spell. That’s how TW, that’s how the Fist Wizard, is feeling right now.
GR: Mmhmm.
CT: Do you feel? Alright, here’s what I’m gonna do. Tech Wizard, he wants to freaking kill, okay? And he’s gonna take his magical little hand, and he’s gonna reach his magical hand through the air, and he’s gonna grab that little physical gun being held by the dummy, 
GR: Mhmm.
CT: On the bison to the right, and he’s gonna aim it down to the head and.
GR: Okay, that’s interesting. Okay, yeah, you can roll for that.
CT: Okay, so, it’s drain minus two. The fact of the matter is, let me just say this. There is almost no chance that Tech Wizard makes it out of this whole situation conscious. He might make it out of this combat conscious, but once that Kamikaze wears off, unless I take no drain in the next move, I’m passed out. So, I’m also on Kamikaze, so I’m pretty reckless. So, I’m going to, because of this, a Force 8 Magic Fingers, to pull off the crazy maneuver I’m attempting.
GR: Ladies and Gentlemen, Tech Wizard is attempting a Force 8 Magic Fingers.
CT: That’s like, the highest I can possibly do.
GR: It’s very dangerous.
MM: And, if you fail this, you’re definitely passing out, right?
CT: If I take all drain, I still will be conscious by one point, but I’m definitely going out when the drug wears off. Oh yeah, baby. Yeah, baby. That’s a hefty 7.
GR: Hefty 7. Favorite Quentin Tarantino movie. Oh?! That’s a glitch. He glitched. 
CT: Oh, tell me how cool it is?
GR: It’s just miraculously…This is a maneuver, honestly...It shouldn’t work. 
CT: Like every other spell I cast.
GR: It shouldn’t. This one, but this one should especially not work because it’s two actions in one move. So if you’re trying to skip a stone, but also kill a fish. It’s like that.
CT: Hmmmm.
GR: But! At this moment this Tech Wizard gets control of this weird corpse’s gun hand. It’s just right in the position where it just swings down and whoom.
CT: I take two drain from that move.
GR: Wow.
CT: Tech Wizard goes... But he’s still up and still angry.
GR: Okay, so Tech Wizard takes control of this thing, and he just swings down, fires, right into this buffalo’s head, the bullet shoots right through its head, out the buffalo’s left eye. It stumbles back, and lets out a noise. A horrible roar. And it is hurting, real bad.
TW: Oh yeah, baby, how’s that feel?
MM: And, Gannon, is it still chasing us?
GR: Yah, it’s still chasing you, but there are wires hanging out of its head where the bullet went through.
MM: Meanwhile, rock music is still blaring from that beautiful Dolby surround system.
GR: Next, we’re gonna jump to Z.
BB: Alright. So, now that I’m...I’m assuming I’m still pretty close to the wounded buffalo.
GR: Mhmm. Yeah
BB: I’m gonna do the move I did a little earlier,
GR: Okay.
BB: where I am gonna control the device on this corpse doll’s pistol, and I’m gonna shoot at the wounded buffalo. 4 hits.
GR: This bullet goes right into its back, and it rears back again, and it’s slowing down a lot. It’s sort of like, stumbling harder. It’s definitely going double time to try and keep pace with Xanadu. So now we’re gonna jump over to Pox.
ES: So, Pox, meanwhile, is still laying on the floor, right? With petroleum jelly, all around, making snow angels out of petroleum jelly. Crying. She’s gonna get up and go out the window, and once again, Pox is going to attempt to slice the buffalo through the skull.
GR: Let’s go. Let’s go. You’re going to take a minus three. Sorry.
CT: Petroleum jelly. 
GR: You’ve got petroleum jelly. He got a few hits, so...You take a slice, another slice, and it’s still...
CT: Hold on, you’re telling me, what’s your normal? Plus three more than that?
ES: I have Blades five and Agility is four.
CT: That’s it?
ES: Yeah.
GR: Casey, you should consider becoming a GM lawyer: ”Your Honor, don’t you see? This Orc over here has the Agility,. It should be able to jump from one Balrog to another.”
BB: There’s just so many different—
CT: Yeah, no, I’m just saying that she has literally the same amount of skill to free fall as she does to handle a sword. 
MM: Well, that’s pretty cool. I think we can all agree that free fall— 
BB: That’s kinda dope though.
GR: We gotta get you free falling a lot more.
ES: Yeah.
CT: After this mission, we’re gonna invest some karma in literally the only way we can attack. That’s what we’re gonna do.
MM: Is it Dak’s turn?
GR: Oh, yeah, baby.
MM: So, Dak, is now, after just swinging Xanadu right into that other bison, who totally beefed it, right?
GR Yeah, straight up beefed, blasted.
MM: And, do I notice the dust in the rear-view mirror getting any closer?
GR: They’ve kept a steady pace, but they are not gaining on you.
MM: Look, we’re gonna make this not worth their while to keep following us, by leaving them the corpse of one of their vanguards to look at whenthey get to where we are now! And I swing the trailer of Xanadu—
GR: Oh, another ramming test?
MM: So nice, I think I’ll do it twice. I got two.
GR: You hit?
MM: I hit.
GR: It’s a hit. This other bison gets beefed. Big time. Okay. So, once again, so, slippery greasy slimy little-fingered Dak Rambo—
MM: Oh, big fingered.
GR: Slippery, big-fingered Dak Rambo, whips this car to the right, sending Xanadu careening…Pox, you wanna roll to hold onto the vehicle?
ES: Sure. Let me—
GR: Does that make sense, should we be doing that?
ES: I think it will be fun. And if I fall out, I think that will also be fun. I got one hit. 
GR: Okay, so Xanadu goes careening to the right. Smashing into this bison, this hurting bison, and it rolls up the window. It goes up the right side, flips over the Xanadu to the left. Totally obliterating the left side of this bison. Meanwhile, Pox loses her grip and flips out of the window, but is able to land on top of the bison currently being controlled by Z. So Pox is now clinging for dear life, onto the back of this very badly damaged robo-bison. With this weird creepy corpse guy, who is also just sort of like, swinging around right next to you. Maybe you are holding around to his stomach like, how did I get here? 
P: Oh my. I'm slipping off. Oh my god. 
GR: Okay. The action action adventure music pumps up louder and it is now the ankh’s turn within the bison, attempting to recontrol. It shoots a spike of energy at the avatar known as Z. 
BB: And I got three hits. 
GR: Three hits. Okay. Blasts right by his head. So, you just saw Pox slip out of the window, greased up in petroleum jelly. Slip right out and now she's hanging onto that bison. 
DR: Did you just see that? What the hell? Pox just flew out of the damned truck!
P: I'm fine you guys. I'm fine. This thing smells terrible. 
DR: Pox, you got to get back in the fucking truck!
P: I think I'm going to try to slice this guy now that I'm on him I'm probably better at it. 
DR: Look, we ain't slowing down. 
Z: I am in control of the bison right. Literally I could run it up to the side. You could open the door and walk into the vehicle. 
P: We can't hear him. We don't know that he's saying that.
BB: This is all chat messages going through to you. 
MM: Chat and I'm getting.
BB: You're on the Bison. 
ES: Oh yeah. I'm on the Bison. Okay. 
BB: Anybody can hear you. It's got to,
P: Hey, everything's going to be fine. 
BB: that would be me. 
P: I'm going to make it. Z is a genius. 
TW: Dak, I can fly. 
DR: What? 
TW: I can fly. 
DR: Look, you can—
TW: I'm convinced I can fly. 
DR: You just drank some bad Dak Fuel. 
TW: No, listen to me. Dak, it's no the Dak Fuel. I know I can fly. 
P: Dak, what's he saying? He looks crazy. 
TW: Look, Tech. I don't know what you're talking about, trying to fly whatever this shit is. But just open that door and get our little Pox back in here. 
CT: And he does that. Opens it, puts out a veining arm...
MM: Covered in petroleum jelly. 
CT: I put covered in petroleum jelly. 
Z: We can open the rear part of this truck, right? 
DR: Yeah. Of course I got a...You want me to pop the trailer? 
Z: Yeah, why not? Put those buffalo in there and even it wakes up, we can stab it to death while it's in the fucking trailer and then look at it. 
DR: Hey, man. Look. I got some expensive shit back there. You—
Z: Open the door, Dak. 
DR: Goddamn you, Z. Nyahh!
MM: He smashes the button that slowly opens the back of the trailer like a garage door. 
GR: Okay. Do you want to maneuver the bison into the back of the vehicle? 
BB: Yeah, sure. 
GR: That's going that's going to be another vehicle skill. 
MM: Also, a ramp mechanically... 
GR: And it's just like going nuts because this—
MM: Slams down and there's sparks flying everywhere. 
GR: Yeah, it's not supposed to be down at 90 miles an hour. 
MM: No, it is supposed to be down at 90 miles per hour. 
BB: And it has like a little thing on the left corner that says, "Maximum Speed Rating for the Ramp is 100 miles an hour." 
MM: Hell yeah. That's a little side signed by Dak Rambo.
GR: It's like that's the safety instructor who looked at it. 
MM: Yeah. 
BB: Yeah, an inspector's stamp like his seal is supposed to go somewhere, but Dak is just signed where the seal would normally be. 
MM: Yeah, there's a lipstick kiss on it. From where Dak Rambo put lipstick on on and kissed it. 
BB: Yeah, no hits. I very little control over this buffalo. 
GR: Okay, so actually the buffalo, it's pretty badly damaged so it actually is kind of behind the vehicle, say like 400 feet. 
MM: Well, how about this. Dak Rambo slows down a little bit to 88 miles per hour. 
ES: Can I run off the back of the buffalo and jump onto the truck? 
GR: Yes, you can attempt to do that. However, a failure on that roll could be fatal. 
ES: Oh, yeah. That's true. 
GR: But you can absolutely do that. 
ES: Does this buffalo listen to any particular commander? Could I impersonate such a thing and?
CT: You would have, you would—
GR: You'd have to know who...you don't know that. 
BB: Also, I think it literally interprets command in the way a computer would. 
ES: Like, “You do this now.” Well, fuck. 
CT: I also love that you have so much stock in your impersonation skill and the one character Pox has played is Mustachio.
BB: Also had a British accent. 
ES: It was, ah, you know. I will hold my turn. 
BB: Oh gee. I'm so excited. 
GR: Okay, we got Dak. So, the buffalo has fallen behind Xanadu. What does Dak do? 
MM: He speeds up. Not true. Dak is going to slow down just a little bit. This actually Dak of the time he was in New Tijuana. And he was being chased by a bunch of cyber freaks on Harleys. Futuristic Harley Davidsons. And he had to slow down, slam the brakes on, and trap one of them in the back of his trailer, which was filled with bees. And let me tell you, it was a herd of bees.
GR: So, are you going to try and scoop Pox and the buffalo up in one movement? 
MM: Less of a scoop and more of an assist. And—
GR: So, you'll just slow down close enough so that potentially the buffalo could run into the vehicle. 
MM: Yeah, and I look over to Fist Wizard and I go, 
DR: Hey, Fist there, buddy. 
TW: Yeah. 
DR: You said you could fly, but you thing you could help that bison fly right into the ready trailer of Xanadu? 
TW: Yeah, I think I can do that. 
MM: Do you want to have both of our turns sort of be in tandem? 
TW: Let's do it!
CT: He doesn't say that. 
GR: Okay, do a vehicle, the old vehicle check you've been doing. 
CT: Fuck. The last time I tried to lift this thing...
BB: Who care about the buffalo? 
ES: I'm willing to be lifted. Easy. 
DR: You can lift Pox or you can just—
ES: And I'm light body. 
DR: And we get this buffalo though? We lift the buffalo in the trailer. So do it. We got meat for days.
Z: Hey, guys. I just heard you guys talking about maybe hanging onto this buffalo. I have been fighting for my life against this IC inside this thing like the whole time I've been inside. So, if we could ditch this and maybe never make me go back inside of it ever again. That would be really cool. 
DR: Okay. The plan is to get Pox and just put Pox in trunk of Xanadu. What they call a trailer. 
BB: Gannon, can I suggest a crazy thing maybe to—
GR: Please. 
BB: Since all of us have a little bit of control over the outcome of this next thing, how would feel about some sort of crazy four-way roll of skills against an even crazier subset of hits we need to get? 
GR: I mean I'm okay with doing a number of rolls to meet different things, so—
CT: Do we like—
BB: I was thinking like a big epic climax to this whole thing would be simultaneously checking to see if Dak can slow the truck down enough. I can push the buffalo forward enough. Pox can jump out athletically enough and then Tech Wizard can levitate Pox the remaining few feet into the truck. 
GR: You will not be able to move again without me doing the IC guy on you. But you guys haven't gone yet.
ES: Good God. Don't die. 
MM: I got three hits. 
CT: A force three. Yeah, three. Exactly three. 
MM: You critically glitch and she self-combusts.
GR: Pox, what did you roll? 
ES: Three. 
GR: Okay, so you slow down Xanadu enough so that it is now relatively close to the buffalo. Pox can see it is just feet in front of her. What's going through your head Pox as you're about to jump off of this bison? 
ES: Pox is thinking about her face smashing into the street and her neck snapping backwards. And then she's also thinking about her sister, and how she's not going to save her. She will never take down her evil family. Or she will make this fucking jump and she will get in the car, and she will eat some fucking treats. 
GR: Tech Wizard, what's going through as you're propelling Pox forward? 
CT: It is literally the last possible thought I can muster. I am so worn and so hopped up on this drug that I can see Pox in my mind's eye. Not literally. This isn't like an astral thing. And all I'm thinking about is the spell I'm casting at this moment. 
GR: Pox leaps from the bison. And as you're leaping towards Xanadu, you realize you're a bit short and you start coming down towards the street. And at that moment, you're pulled up by TW and just thrown a couple, one little foot forward, so you land safely in Xanadu. Kathunk, you go. But you don't take no damage because you got light body.
ES: Oh wow.
GR: And you're safe. 
P: Where's the cookie cake? 
DR: There actually is a fucked up cookie cake that's on a La-Z-Boy recliner that's riveted to the side of the inside of the trailer of Xanadu. 
P: Oh my God. And it hasn't got any jelly on it. Yes!
CT: Let me check—
ES: And Pox just gorges her face with cookie cake. 
DR: It's super old by the way. 
DR: 10 poison damage. 
CT: Tech Wizard feels a wave of pain start to flicker in his nervous system. Just crackling like sparks from the spell he just cast in from the fatigue he is currently facing. And he feels it start to wash over him and he starts to teeter, and gets light headed and things go gray and his ears are ringing. And then he fights it back, and he clenches his fists and he breaths deep. And he remembers the look on the face of a smiling child that he saw in the street one time after he first premiered his show. And how they pointed at him and they said, "You're the magic man." And he was so happy for a second. And then they threw a rock at him, because he was the villain. But it just felt good to be noticed. And he uses that and he resists all drain and he stays conscious. 
GR: Kablam! He do it. Z, are you still holding onto the bison in it's brain? 
Z: Sounds like we're about done. Z jacks out. He's in dump shock and he is asleep in the cabin of the truck. 
GR: Kakonck! Okay. This last bison as it s dump shocked out, stumbles backward, and it is so damaged that it cannot keep pace with Xanadu. And stumbles back as Xanadu zips forward. 
MM: Dak, he still has this space weed joint that has been in his mouth since long ago seemingly what feels like hours ago, but it's really has only been about—
GR: Three minutes? 
MM: Three minutes. 
GR: Three or four minutes? Yeah. 
MM: And he takes an inhale, which burns the entire joint like a two-inch joint and it burns up in one freaking rip. And he holds his breath and finally he exhales and nothing comes out. Freaking zeroed that hit. He doesn't even cough. 
TW: Pox, you flew. 
P: Tech, you saved me. 
TW: Hell yeah. 
ES: And Pox out of one of her pockets, pulls out a beach towel that she got...full sized beach towel. And she—
GR: Is this one towels you—?
CT: The hotel? 
ES: From the hotel pool. 
GR: Oh my God. 
ES: The wave pool. Pulls it out and puts it on Tech's shoulders and says,
P: Here. Dry off that jelly. 
CT: And he does, wiping the blood away from his face and the jelly away from his frame. 
DR: Hey, that's real cute you two, but can one of you guys check on Z real quick? 
BB: I forgot to roll for dump shock, so I'm going to do that real quick. I fucking glitched.
GR: Oh my God. So, you really feel the biofeedback hard. And you immediately go into deep sleep and in this deep sleep, you start having these nightmares of yourself as a child. And you're able to remember what you looked like as a child. And you can remember what it felt like to be young. And you can never, we've gone over this. You do not remember your past well. And you can remember all of that. And you can feel that. What do you see? 
BB: It looks very like sterile and white. It looks like it was a medical facility or like a research facility of some sort. On one side there's those like curtain things that have like hospitals to separate beds and stuff. And so that's like separating half of the room from something else. And there's like noise coming from part of the room, but it's kind of like faint and it's not super specific, so he's not 100% sure what's happening. And as he's looking around this room, he sees bio monitors and stuff like that on the right and then maybe there's like an anagram. Or not an anagram. Yeah, there's an anagram up on the wall. 
MM: What's it spell? 
BB: It's a, it just says, "NeoScum" up on the wall. No, but it does look like a diagram of a human body and there's lines tracing through it where like cyber technology would be installed. And then as he turns all the way to the right, there's this little tiny plastic doll that's like a big white round ghost. And it has a big smile and happy eyes. And Z starts to realize that the icon he's chosen for himself in the Matrix actually looks a lot like this tiny little puppet, but a horrendous evil version of it. 
GR: And then all of a sudden, it's just like you in the spotlight in this huge dark room. And then all of a sudden, a buffalo starts to walk into the light. And it starts to slowly devour you. And it is terrifying in an extremely personal level. So, from here on out, I'm going to give you a negative quality, unbelievable fear of buffalo that you cannot explain. 
CT: Tech Wizard is shaking Z and patting Z. 
TW: Hey! Hey, wake up. Hey. 
GR: He's—
TW: Hey, wake up.
GR: Asleep. 
DR: Jesus Christ. Is Z dead? 
ES: Pox hits him in the ribs. 
P: Ah, they're still really hard.
DR: Just check his fucking pulse. 
BB: Z sustains one more physical damage. 
P: No! 
DR: Which is enough for him to die. Hey, look. I just need someone to tell me that Z has a fucking pulse, otherwise I got a syringe underneath this- 
P: Yeah, he's great. 
TW: Let me find this out. 
DR: We go way back. 
CT: Tech Wizard reaches over to check his pulse. And at that moment, the Kamikaze wears off. He sustains six stun damage and passes out. 
MM: Dak just doesn't hear a response. He goes,
DR: I swear to God, I will turn Xanadu around and drive us right into these goddamned buffalo robo bison—
P: Dak, just keep driving. They're both asleep like little babies. 
CT: They pull it. 
P: And they're both really, really injured. 
CT: They look real cute though.
ES: They look real cute. 
CT: They're nestled together. 
ES: Pox puts the beach blanket over both of them. 
DR: Pox, tell me you are not about to die right now. 
P: I'm totally fine, actually. I'm feeling really good. Thank you. 
DR: Can I just say real quick that it was fucking awesome how you flew out of that bison. 
P: I know. That was awesome. That was not just me. That was half Tech. 
GR: As you guys are driving forward, you hear a, and you see in front of you this massive hovering tank drive on the other side of the freeway towards where the buffalo are, and behind it is this sort of like motorcycle squadron of super high tech Lonestar guys. And they just zip by you in this formation. 
MM: Dak holds his middle finger out of the window, and he gives them a big salute. 
GR: Cool. They pass by.
MM: Does he see any faces of dudes or ladies? 
GR: They are not paying attention. 
MM: They don't even see my middle fucking finger? 
GR: No. They're just driving forward. 
MM: Okay. 
P: I wonder where those guys were all about? 
DR: Ah, I think they're heading towards those bison or something. Look, we got about two more episodes till we hit Chicago, so buckle up. 
MM: Dak Rambo's mom and dad. Ham bone and Sasquatch mom.

[EPISODEBREAK10]

GR: Just a little reminder. You guys are going to the studio, so Tech Wizard can play his part with a very special famous vid star guest. Grant Junctal. 
MM: Grant Junctal. 
GR: There’s a death race that you guys are supposed to be in tomorrow and Big Marco wants you guys to fill out a bunch of papers: legal documents, headshots, liability forms. 
MM: I feel like we could probably get Z to hack those up, right? 
BB: I kinda’ don’t like the idea that Zenith is going to be data entry for the whole group, okay? 
GR: So you guys are in Xanadu right and you’re like...everyone’s pretty bumped up, right? What’s everyone’s physical situation? 
BB: I’ll go first because mine is the least intrusive to other people’s physical surroundings. Zenith is passed out, having just experienced a bit of dub shock coming off a hotsim Matrix battle. He took a good bit of damage getting out of that crazy techno buffalo and is now safe but not doing great. 
CT: Tech Wizard is passed out on top of Zenith from his own similar set of circumstances, having totally filled his stun damage track. He is hurting pretty bad. 
MM: You took Kamikaze, right? 
CT: Oh, yeah, and that was where the come down was where that came from. 
BB: Yeah, because it was active for a five minute period or something. 
CT: Ten minutes. 
MM: Dak fuel. “Giving you the keys to a new tomorrow,” would be a tagline. I’m...try it. 
CT: Yeah, we’re spitballing.
ES: Pox is...Her stun damage is pretty high, but she’s still up and at them. She put a beach towel on top of Z and Tech Wizard and she laid down next to them and gave them a little hug. 
GR: That’s very sweet. So, Xanadu right now—
MM: I haven’t gone yet. 
BB: Everything is really sweet so far. 
GR: Oh, are you in the car? 
MM: Yeah. 
GR: Sorry. Go ahead. 
MM: Dak Rambo is driving the car. He has some physical damage because he was shot twice in the last mission, and it really hasn’t been addressed yet. He’s getting to that. And his fingers are covered in petroleum jelly. He’s tried to get it off, and somehow there just keeps getting more petroleum jelly on the fingers. And his mouth is very dry because he ate a bunch of salt. 
GR: So, right now, the only people awake are just you, Dak Rambo, and Pox. You guys are just driving down the freeway getting into Chicago. 
MM: How are we doing on time? Because I remember we had a very specific time deadline that we had to get to Chicago within, I believe it was…? 
GR: Four hours. 
MM: Four hours and that was pushing it already. 
BB: However it does seem like we’ve been driving at over 100 miles an hour for some time. 
MM: We clocked out at I think 95. 
BB: Oh. My bad. 
GR: About 95 is about as fast as Xanadu is going under the circumstances, but it’s pedal to the metal. But you got about 20 minutes left. And it’s a pretty good time to have only 20 minutes left because you’re reaching the out...you pass through Robo Gary, Indiana, home of the most horrific live robo warfare. Somehow you got through there without any hitches. 
MM: Dak’s got some skill in back roads and...from when he spent a lot of time as a robo smuggler. But right now in this moment, I guess Pox and Dak are in the car together. 
GR: Yeah. You guys are coming upon Chicago, aka “Bug City.” Brief description. From a distance, Chicago is...there’s a great amount of wealth in the center area; and it becomes more and more dilapidated as it spins out from that central area. They call the center area The Ring of Prosperity. There are so many beautiful buildings next to each other, that from a distance, it looks like an anthill made out of lights. These massive skyscrapers right on top of each other. So, you’re looking, you can see the Ring of Prosperity at a distance, glimmering, as you gun it forward. 
MM: This has been the first time that Dak’s been back to Chicago since the events that brought him to Indianaopolis with Tech Wizard. Dak has actually...he used to work at a place called Frankie Fix your Car. And his boss, Frankie, was this horrible little robot frog man who Dak recently lost a bet where had to become an indentured servant to Frankie Fix your Car. And Dak was like, “F that.” And they hit the road. That was part of the reason they hit the road. They were also being hunted by a super gang they got on the wrong side of. So, Dak has a lot of enemies in Chicago too, but he’s got a lot of friends as well. And he’s got some more friends he’s coming with. 
[ES voices Pox (P)]: Hey, Dak. You’re really slowing down. Are you all right? 
[Mike Migdall voices Dak Rambo (DR)]: This city holds a lot of memories, not all of them pleasant. 
P: Oh. 
DR: I think my body is having a negative reaction to getting closer to it, and I can’t control my foot. I’m taking my foot off the gas. If you could just put your foot on my foot and push it down. I do not want to go back to Chicago. 
P: I’m going to just sit...squeeze in here. 
DR: Hello. 
P: Hello. I’m pushing. Go. Woo! 
DR: We’re picking it back up to 95. 
BB: Zenith groggily wakes up before Tech Wizard does and tries to shift his body and get out from under Tech Wizard. And it doesn’t really happen very quickly, so he’s struggling and he keeps trying to get Pox’s or Dax’s attention, but neither of them are really looking towards him. So, he’s struggling over and over again until finally he throws the body off of him and sits up. And he says…
[BB voice Zenith (Z)]: Are we there yet? 
P: He’s awake. 
DR: Just about, Z. 
[Casey Toney (CT) voices Tech Wizard (TW)]: Oh, fuck.
DR: It looks like Tech Wizard has respawned. 
P: You’re alive. 
TW: Where are we? What happened? 
DR: Buddy, we’re almost to Chicago. We’re going to get you to your appointment with the, whatever your studio shit is. 
TW: Did I do hard drugs? 
DR: You drank some Dak fuel and—
Z: You did some real hard drugs. 
DR: That Dak fuel bottle had some pure, uncut Kamikaze in there. 
TW: Everything I can remember feels like a nightmare. 
P: It was really, really awful. 
DR: You remember the robot buffalo? 
Z: A lot of people talk about the side effects of Kamikaze being pretty insane. 
TW: Well, like what? 
Z: You know. I mean probably the biggest thing is just that it makes you horrendously violent. 
TW: That’s a side effect on it or after? 
Z: Kind of like during, after...it rewrites your brain chemistry. Know what I mean? 
DR: Also, super depression. It’s a medical term. It’s called super depression and it lasts for about two months after you take about half of what you took, so maybe you would, that would last four months of super depression? 
Z: Sometimes medicine works in ways that it scales up differently, so it could actually be eight months. 
DR: What if you’re already diagnosed with super depression? 
Z: Oh shit. 
DR: Then maybe it cancels out. Maybe you’re cured. 
TW: I kind of feel like frigging good. 
DR: Yeah man. Ha, ha. Tech’s back! 
TW: I’m numb from the waist down. I do want to say that. I cannot feel anything and I forget most of your names. 
DR: Waste numbness. My name is, El Capitano. 
P: My name is June. 
Z: I’m Zenith. 
TW: Two truths and a lie it seems. 
P: Hey, guess what? I just drove a car for the first time. 
TW: Wow. I like that. 
P: I put my foot on the gas and pressed really hard and now I’m a driver. 
TW: Shit. Are we almost there? 
GR: Sure enough. Let’s say you plugged in some Google Maps directions. 
DR: Okay, Google. 
[GR voices Google Voice (GV)]: Hello. This is Google. 
DR: Please take us to the Tech Wizard’s film appointment. 
GV: 1600 Studio. 
Z: What? 
GV: Two minutes. The name of the studio is the 1600 Studio. Otherwise, sorry. 
BB: Oh. All I was going to say that seems like a weird name for a street, but if that’s the name of the studio, that makes a lot more sense. 
CT: Or around it. 
GR: Yeah, that’s the name of the studio, jackass. 
Z: Hey, Google. What street is that on? 
[MM voices the Google Voice]: Robo Rama Manual Drive, right? 
GV: That’s 1600 Michigan. 
Z: Oh damn. 
P: Wow. 
Z: You get a nice-ass studio, man. That’s right in the Ring of Prosperity. 
GR: The Ring of Prosperity has moved a little bit north, so that’s right on the outskirts. Actually, you guys are pulling up to it right now. So, as you guys are moving through getting closer and closer to the Ring of Prosperity, you are looking at the buildings. The buildings...there’s a lot of brick. Chicago, known for its fire, about a billion years ago at this point…
DR: Pretty much. 
GR: led to a lot of brick. Brick lasts, baby. So, there’s these rundown brick buildings, but where the brick has come apart is this cheap spray-on plastic that hoarders and shadowrunners to create shelters have established for themselves. So, we’re seeing these rundown buildings. Every now and then you might see a giant irradiated cockroach shuffle down an alleyway. Ain’t called Bug City for nothing. And you get closer. So, the buildings are still dilapidated and weird, but they’re getting taller and taller and taller. And then you come upon the outside of the 1600 studio, which is a pretty good tech, pretty all right facility. It’s not the sharpest movie-making studio, but it definitely has a slick aesthetic design that is only 20 years out of date, which—
MM: Still pretty good. 
GR: I mean who is building movie studios at this point in Chicago? So, it’s pretty all right. Let’s say it’s got a silvery dome on the top and it has a slanty rectangle hip moderny kind of look. 
ES: Dah, dah, dah, it’s a movie! 
GR: Right up front is producer and co-creator of the show. The show, by the way, is called The Adventures of Nana. Mobart Jobe is this diminutive elfish, evlin guy about 60 years old. Looks about 40 years old. And he’s wearing a tweed suit and his face is red and swollen. And he’s breathing and you can see him waving, waving at you guys. 
MM: The truck pulls up and jumps the curb a little bit. And the door swings open as Tech Wizard—
TW: Oh, Mobie. Help a brother out of the car, man. Wow. 
[GR voices Mobart Jobe (MJ)]: Hey, buddy. Hey. You’re here. Get in the studio. I managed to talk Grant into staying, Mr. Junctal, into staying a little bit longer, so just get in there. And we’ll get you in makeup and we’ll get you ready. Baby, I’m so happy you’re here. 
TW: Oh, me too, man. 
MJ: I’m so happy. 
TW: I’ll tell you what. I am strung out on drugs, and I just woke up from being passed out. 
MJ: Okay. Don’t say that in front of the cameras. You know this is a children’s show, right? 
DR: Tech, first rule of doing drugs: don’t say you’re doing drugs. 
MJ: Okay, and you’re not going to park the car there. 
DR: No, no you are. Here. Take my keys, Mobo. 
MJ: No I am not going to park…
ES: No. 
DR: You are going to park this car. 
MJ: I’m absolutely not going to park the car. 
Z: Hey, can I interrupt this conversation for one second? I was just curious. Do you guys have a craft services table or something? 
MJ: No. You’re not going to park the car there. 
DR: No, because you are, Mobo. 
MJ: No. 
GR: He starts crying real hard. 
MJ: No, no, no. You listen to me. 
MM: Dak gives him a hug. 
MJ: No, no, no.
MM: I roll for hugging. 
GR: Okay. Roll for hugging. 
BB: It’s a grapple? It’s gotta’ be grapple, right. 
ES: It is. 
MM: Grapple and then persuade. 
GR: I think this is a move of compassion, 
MM: Move of—
BB: Roll some charisma in there, dude. 
GR: This is some sort of charisma type.
MM: Charisma. High charisma. Finally, guys. We’re doing it. 
ES: Charisma.
BB: Charisma in close combat. 
GR: People out there saying charisma’s a dump stat. I just want to say, you couldn’t come and find me and I will take you downtown to Punishville. Charisma is a beautiful stat. 
MM: Guys, I’m rolling unarmed combat and charisma. 
GR: Did you see this? This is what makes Shadowrun a great game. 
MM: I got four hits. 
GR: Four hits. Okay. 
DR: Does it feel better? 
MJ: It does feel a little bit. 
GR: He’s just like…
MJ: Can I tell you about the day I had? I drop my kids off at daycare. And it’s the teacher they don’t like. Daycare, they just that this...Oh God. It’s fine. It’s fine. 
TW: Hey, I’m going to get in there. I’m going to do my thing. Grant’s going to love me. And we’re going to return, alright? 
MJ: Okay. I really do need you to park. What’s your name, sir? 
DR: My name is the Rat King. 
Z: Just go with it. 
MJ: Okay. The R…
Z: RK for short. 
DR: You can just call me Your Majesty, the Rat King. 
MJ: Look, there’s just...if you park there, it’s...Lonestar are real hard asses over here. 
DR: Alright, buddy. 
MJ: There’s a spot down the street that’s really great. 
GR: Eleni, can you roll for combat knowledge. We learned about this thing recently. Pox has a skill that in a certain circumstance where there may or not be... 
ES: Combat stuff. 
GR: a threat of combat, Eleni’s got a little bit of a jumpstart, so she can roll a…
BB: I think you roll 14 die for it, too. 
GR: So, it’s hard to get the jump on old Pox. 
ES: I got four.
GR: Okay, so you got four hits. Okay, so Pox, as these guys are talking about parking, you have the feeling like someone is waiting for you. Maybe not you personally, but your intuition is telling you that something shifty might be going on. So, let’s hop back to…
MJ: Okay, so we’re just going to...
DR: Yeah, look buddy. I’ll park my car. Where do I need to park it? 
MJ: You just go up, you just drive west a little bit. There’s a parking lot for...
DR: Do you validate parking? 
MJ: Just go see the guy—
P: Don’t you a lot attendant or something? 
MJ: Not for a truck that big. I was just going to say there’s a lot of empty lots over there. You look like a strong guy. I’m sure you just—
DR: Hey, just tell me where to validate my parking, chief? 
MJ: It’s not an official parking lot, but you can vali...yeah, I’ll validate—
P: I don’t trust this guy. 
MJ: I’ll validate—
P: Why don’t you come in the car? 
MJ: I, because—
Z: Get in the car, buddy. 
MJ: I got a show going on right now. 
TW: I’m ready!
CT: Tech Wizard steps out of Xanadu and falls. But he’s on, so it’s a bit of a pratfall. And he rolls it into a…
MM: Like an elf Charlie Chaplin move? 
BB: Like the Willy Wonka move? 
CT: Yes. Did them both.
MM: Elf Willy Wonka. 
P: I’m going to say either one of us should go with Tech—
Z: I’ll go with Tech. 
DR: I’ll park the car. 
P: And I’ll stay with you. 
DR: Alright, Pox. 
CT: Tech Wizard starts walking in. 
GR. Okay. It’s a pretty slick-looking studio. There’s a security guard behind a desk up in front. There’s a little lounge area off to your right where there’s some producers and tech crew guys drinking coffee. They look over at Tech Wizard and acknowledge with their eyes, but they don’t really say ‘hello’ or wave. 
TW: Hi, guys. It’s good to see you again. It’s been a long time. 
GR: And they go back to drinking their coffee. 
CT: These guys are rich. 
BB: Zenith is walking behind him like a robot, by the way. 
MJ: Let’s just get you...what the heck have you been through? There are bags under your eyes like Santa Clause bags. 
TW: Oh, did I tell you about how I was strung out on drugs? How I passed out? 
MJ: What—?
TW: Some hard stuff and some excessive magic using. By the way, do we need me to cast spells this episode? Because I’m kind of half incapable of doing so.
MJ: We might need...Here’s the situation. Basically, you’re going to need to teach the kids the ABCs with magic. And then I don’t want to get into it. We basically just got to run and gun this. But Grant is going to come on out, and...just do a bit, just roll with it. How does that sound? 
TW: Just roll with it? 
MJ: Just do some basic ABCs—
TW: Like classic Tech Wizard? Nothing fancy? 
MJ: Just classic TW. I mean just like you do you’re thing. You’re Tech Wizard teaching magic. 
Z: Excuse me, sir. Is there a place where I, Mr. Purpler’s security robot, can recharge? And as he does that, Z pops his ocular drone in and out of his eye over and over again. 
MJ: Yeah, there’s a, you know, we got a robo recharge station around back. You can send your robo there. 
TW: Yeah, I’m going to send my robo there. 
CT: Tech Wizard looks at Z like...
TW: Yeah, robo. Go find the robo recharging station, and I’m going to film my tv show. 
Z: Thank you, sir. 
TW: Dude, if you want to see the dressing rooms, we can just go afterward. 
Z: I will be accompanying Mr. Purpler to the dressing room before finding the robo charging station. 
MJ: Okay, great. Super. Very nice. 
BB: And then Z, really quick, flicks his guns out and flicks them back in. 
MJ: Don’t bring the robo next time. You know the place is safe. 
TW: Let me just turn off the gun mechanisms…
CT: And Tech Wizard pokes at Z’s nipples and does a fake twisty thing. 
BB: Z is just completely still through this whole thing. 
CT: What? 
TW: This is just my robot. Dressing room. 
GR: So, you are sitting in the chair and there’s a nice orc guy who’s doing your makeup. 
[GR voices Leebert Holmes (LH)]: Okay. Looking a little pale there. 
TW: Yeah, I’m kind of fucked up a little bit. 
LH: What have you been doing? 
TW: I’m doing?
LH: Yeah, what have you been doing?
TW: Like in general or like today? 
LH: I mean like today. 
TW: Okay, like today and basically also in general? 
LH: Uh-huh. 
TW: Just freaking ripping and tearing into life, dude! Oh my God! I have been living like I never had, man. This hiatus was the best thing that ever happened to me. I thought I would be so fucking depressed this whole break. I thought I had nothing other than the show. But I have been shadowrunning. I’ve been doing jobs and hurting people who deserve it, who are being bullies. And honestly, I feel more alive than I ever have. I think I’m going to bring some heat to this performance because I’ve learned things about life that are going to be reflected in the honesty of the Tech Wizard today on that camera. 
LH: Wow, Squirt. Are you excited to work with Grant Junctal? 
TW: Are you kidding me? Grant Junctal is…
GR: Brief aside description of Grant Junctal just so we that we all have the same...I’m imagining Chris Pratt. He’s the type of guy who’s very famous but also, seems like extremely approachable. Guys like him because he’s a cool broey guy. Women really like him because he’s very handsome; and he’s a nice cool broey guy; and he’s very charming, you know. He’s like that kind of in between thing where he’s like, “Oh not too handsome, and I’m no I’m mad like.” Everyone, they just like him and they want to be around him. 
MM: Kind of like Dak Ramob, huh? 
GR: Cue audience laughter. 
MM: Cue one guy in the audience going...
DR: Yeah! I’m Dak Rambo. 
MM: Dak Rambo runs back on stage. 
GR: Okay. So this orc...let’s say this orc’s name is Leebert Holmes. 
CT: Leebert? 
GR: Leebert always does your makeup. 
CT: Yeah. I knew him a long time. 
GR: So, Leebert’s just like…
LH: So, are you excited to work with Junctal? 
TW: Yeah, are you kidding me, man? He’s handsome but not too handsome. He’s approachable but like a superstar. 
LH: Let me tell you, I did his makeup earlier. He really is a nice guy. 
TW: Is he seriously a nice guy? 
LH: Smaller than you think though. 
TW: Shut up. Smaller than me? 
LH: He’s about centimeter taller than you, but I mean shorter than you’d think he’d be. 
TW: Do you think he’s on the market for new friends or anything? 
LH: That we got him is honestly a huge gift. It’s insane. 
TW: That would be really, really cool. I look great by the way. 
LH: Yeah. 
TW: Oh my God. 
LH: Gotta make sure you look camera ready and—
TW: You do not normally do this much makeup. You should probab...wow. 
LH: Normally, I don’t have to.
TW: I think that’s a compliment. 
LH: I love you buddy. That was a fun burn.
TW: It’s a burn? 
LH: Yeah. 
TW: Okay. 
LH: Okay, let’s get you out there. 
BB: The whole time this conversation has been happening, Zenith has just been standing playing video games on his ocular drone. 
GR: What are you playing? 
BB: I think we’re going with good old Dragon Storm. I mean Zenith is pretty always a step away from playing that game. 
GR: Nice. 
MM: How many expansion packs are there for Dragon Storm? 
BB: It’s one of those games that released an expansion pack every week, and Zenith has an automatic service buy in for it. So, it just automatically deducts it. But essentially, he hits the level cap, they reintroduce a new level cap, and then he hits it again. 
MM: Can I say that is one of the signs that the Singularity is getting closer when MMORPGs are having expansion packs released every week because the audience can handle that? 
BB: This game moving the doomsday clock moving closer and closer. 
GR: Let’s jump over to the Xanadu. So, you guys are driving through these crumbly brick buildings with these plastic skeletons sticking out. Big tall buildings all very close together. There’s not much sunlight seeping through it though at this point. The sun is pretty much set. 
DR: Pox? 
P: Yeah, Dak? 
DR: You ever had your heart shattered? 
P: Yeah. You had your heart shattered? 
DR: Yeah, that’s the short of it here in this city. 
P: So, being here must reawaken something in you then? 
DR: The sadness bear’s coming out of hibernation. 
P: I can see. Oh, Dak. Are you crying? Is it crying? Is that a tear? 
DR: That feels much better. 
P: That was very good. Very good. 
GR: I imagine a tear just coming out of your eye like you’re squeezing out a loaf. It’s one big like— 
MM: Yeah. One long, long connected tear. Snaked its way out of my cornea, my catlike eye. 
CT: But that got sucked back up. 
MM: It got sucked back up. 
DR: No! We’re here on business. We’re for Tech’s big day. 
P: Dak. 
DR: Ow!
ES: As she slaps him right in the face. 
P: Something is going on. Something’s not right. 
DR: What’s going on? It’s almost like you have a new perception battle sense. 
P: It’s almost like I had it all along but never really knew how to use it until just today. 
DR: Well, what is it telling you? 
P: It’s telling me that either we are going to get shanked or someone else like Z and Tech are in danger. 
DR: Well, do you want to do that perception check one more time and see if that danger is still with us? Because you found it when we were by Moby. Mobart. 
GR: Jobe. 
DR: Jobe. 
BB: Junctal. Oh wait. No.
P: Should I do that now or should we just run the fuck away from this car and go back to the studio? 
DR: I think honestly I’d like to get back and see Tech in action because I’ve seen the show that he’s on. I never knew that was him. 
P: I mean I never knew him, so I didn’t either. 
DR: That’s my buddy. I want to see him in his element. 
P: Do you want to race? 
GR: You guys see a big empty lot. Probably the lot that Mobart was talking about. 
MM: Dak parks in the dead center of it. 
GR: Right behind you and right in front of you, two trucks roll forward. 
MM: What kind of trucks? 
GR: You recognize one of the trucks. 
DR: Uh oh. 
GR: It’s Beans’s truck. 
DR: Oh no. 
GR: We’re going to cut back to Tech Wizard. Alright, Tech Wizard. Mobart is walking you over to the stage. You have not...the stage itself is a big old silvery room where holographic projections will pop up so it looks like you are anywhere. And it’s not green screen. They’ll pop up live and you can interact. It’s a semi-sophisticated hologram. About 10 years ago it was very sophisticated. But that’s about the technology we’re working with here. Still pretty impressive. Does the job good. So, Mobar’s like…
MJ: So you’re going to teach...you know what? Just do your thing. I trust you. Okay, kids. Come on. Come on around the Tech Wizard. And like… Hey, hey. The Tech Wizard. So it’s just a bunch of kids. Orc kids. Dwarf kids. Couple of troll guys. 
MM: One orangutan boy. 
GR: One orangutan boy. And they’re all hanging around Tech Wizard. Just mulling around while the camera gets set up
TW: Hey guys. How you doing, kids? 
[GR voices Mike (M)]: Hey, hey. Tech. 
BB: You smell weird. 
M: Tech, it’s so good to see you back again. 
TW: Oh, thank you. 
GR: There’s a cute little elf with a little Tintin swoopy haido. 
TW: What’s your name little bud? 
M: Oh, it’s Mike.
TW: Wow. Well, Mike. It’s good to be back. And I just want to let you guys know, whatever happens as we’re filming, the Tech Wizard is a character. And me, I’m your good buddy, Squirt Purpler. Okay? 
BB: Wait, is it going to be scary when the show starts? 
ES: Yeah, are we going to be scared? 
TW: Oh. The red light. I’m getting the sign.
ES: Oh. 
GR: Mike walks up and gives you a hug around your leg and says... 
M: I love you. 
TW: Hey, thanks, buddy. That means a lot. I would need some -
MM: The orangutan kid punches Tech in the nuts. 
TW: You know what? I’m going to use that. 
GR: Mike looks up at you. Smiles and nods his head like a cute kid. 
[GR voices a Stagehand (SH)]: Alright, and we’re about to roll. We got Grant. 
GR: You can see a silhouette off in the back. 
SH: Grant, you just...We worked through this. We’re just going to knock this out really quick. We know you got places to be. Okay and a squeebo, doobacheeb, creeb, creeb. And lights. And...
GR: All the lights go out and all of a sudden all these holograms pop up around you, so now you’re in this crazy goofy wacky classroom with bright colors and big wonky walls. A big goofy chalkboard. 
SH: And, camera! Go. 
GR: And they point at Tech Wizard. 
TW: I’m the Tech Wizard. Oh you nasty little children. I’ve capture you from your precious Nana. Now you’re mine, and I’m going to make you go to school. 
[Group as children]: No! 
TW: I’ll teach you lessons and with my little tricks, whether you like it or not. And if you don’t learn, I’ll put you in my nasty sack. 
BB: No, not the nasty sack. 
TW: Yeah, nasty sack. 
MM: Mr. Tech Wizard. I have my homework assignment. I punch him in the nuts. 
TW: Oh, that smarts. Normally, I would cast a nasty little spell because I’m a little tricksy wizard. 
[GR voices Grant Junctal (GJ)]: Hey, what’s this I see? A wizard. 
GR: And out from the darkness walks in Grant Junctal. Looking like a movie star. Very handsome with a cocky and cool swagger. 
GJ: You kids surely can’t be listening to this stinky wizard. 
GR: And he walks right up to Tech Wizard and punches him right in the face. Like a real punch, so I’m just going to roll for that right now. 
MM: Wow. No stage combat. 
TW: Okay, so what did you roll? 
GR: Two hits. 
CT: I need some dice. 
BB: Dude, we got all kinds of dice over over. 
CT: Mmm baby, you think? 
BB: Land of the plenty. Did you take a minus three to your dice pool? 
CT: What? Oh, fuck. Yeah, you’re right. Hold on. 
GR: Nice. Good ass catch. 
CT: Minus four, actually. 
GR: Oh. 
ES: Oh dang.
BB: Oh shit. You are fucking maxed on that stun damage. 
CT: Two hits. 
MM: Not bad. 
GR: So he clocks you; but you roll with it like a pro; and it doesn’t hurt at all. Except maybe your pride a little bit. And Grant puts his boot on you and says…
GJ: Come around kids and listen to this song to teach you the ABCs. 
GR: And then this piano starts up. A is for...and he’s singing...A is for always trust humans. B is for bad wizards. C is for catch a wizard in a sack. D is for doo doo, a wizard’s favorite food. E is for the evil wizards. F is for the farts wizards eat. G is for gathering wizards in detention facilities. H is for horrible wizard. I imprison all wizards. J is for jail them too. K is for kindness shown to non magic users. L is for leave the wizard far away. M is for magic—so bad. N is for no wizards. O is for “owful” wizard. P is for poo poo, wizard’s favorite good. Q is for here is a quiz. Should we we allow wizards to live among non magic users? 
[The group chants as one]: No!
GR: R is for I’m right. Don’t question me. S is for sorry no wizards allowed. T is for toughness shown to all wizards. U is for Ugh! No more wizards. V is for vile wizard. W is for wizard. X is for “xamine” your friends to determine if they are not wizards. Y is for yellow. Z is for zap all wizards. They are you enemies! 
GR: And all the kids are like... and throwing sandwiches. 
CT: Tech Wizard is hissing away. 
GR: He’s hissing at—? I love it.
BB: I’m going to say one of the children is just completely confused by this song. But he is the only one who doesn’t get who he’s supposed to be following at this point. 
GR: Okay, so let’s cut back to the trucks. 
DR: Alright, Pox. 
P: Here we go. 
MM: We open the doors simultaneously and we step out in unison. Cool shot of our boots. Pan up. 
GR: You see Beans pop out with his copilot and behind you, two other truckers walk up behind you. So, Beans, to reintroduce him, is a tough looking dwarf with a naughty little beard and...trucker to the core. Just wearing a greasy trucker shirt and some cool cargo pants. 
CT: I’m very excited just as Casey for the return of Beans right now. Just genuinely very pumped about that. 
DR: Well, well, well. I thought I smelled shit. 
[GR voices Beans (B)]: If it isn’t me old enemy. Didn’t I tell you I was going to knock you out for what you said to me? 
DR: It’s going to be hard for you to do that when you’re in the afterlife. But you can try. 
MM: I take out my gun, and I shoot him in the head. 
BB: Please, please roll for that. Please
GR: Yeah, roll for that. 
BB: If you roll, it makes it real. 
GR: And this is maybe silly to point out at this point, but his copilot was an elf and the guys behind him was an orc and an elf. 
ES: He was an elf? If any of them are elfs, I can’t kill elfs. 
CT: Oh, wait. What? 
ES: I have Code of Honor. 
CT: You never talked about that before. 
GR: You’ve never had to…
CT: You don’t have to—
ES: I’ve never had to kill any elves. 
BB: We’ve never had to kill an elf. 
ES: It never came up. 
MM: It’s alright. I’ll kill him. And you can take the human. 
CT: Can you not kill her or can you not hit them? 
ES: I can hit them, but I can’t kill them. 
GR: You can hit them, but you can’t kill them. 
CT: Chop off their legs. 
ES: So, if I accidentally kill one, I don’t know, what happens to me? 
CT: You suffer like big time. 
ES: Like a punishment. 
BB: Yeah, you take a mental penalty. 
GR: If you see an elf die, it’s a huge penalty. So, that’s Beans’s copilot behind your two orcs. 
MM: Time to roll. 
CT: Oh, Jesus. I got four hits. 
GR: So, two got through. What’s—?
MM: My Ares Predator is 8p. 
GR: How many poo is that? 
MM: That’s one big old poo. 
GR: Holy cow. 
MM: That’s a good roll. 
ES: Instakill. 
GR: That’s a pretty good, bleep blooping roll. So, he anticipates it just slightly enough that he reels back, but it hits him right...it doesn’t hit him in the head because he moves. But it gets him in the sternum pretty good. 
BB: Gannon, can we hear what happens to these guys after Dak shoots them? 
GR: Okay. So, Beans? No one was expecting it to go that hot that fast. That’s evident. Beans is walking forward saying threatening words. And then all of a sudden Dak was like, “I’m going to shoot you,” and then just blasts him. And he’s completely taken aback and like...so taken aback, that these guys are even reaching for their weapons at this point. Beans just looks like holding his chest. It’s just blood pouring out between his fingers. 
B: What in the blooming hell? You here starting with the goddamn shooting? 
MM: Dak would shoot him again to be honest, but can I do that? 
GR: Yeah. Everyone’s pretty surprised. 
MM: Alright. I’m going to get another shot in there then.
ES: Nice.
BB: Oh my God. 
MM: Oh my God. I think it’s the same, actually. Four.
GR: Four. Jesus. Get the fuck ouf of here man. So, he’s like, “Why did you that?” And Dak just shoots him. He shoots him in the head and it goes into his forehead. And he just...Beans just falls down. 
MM: Dak looks at the copilot and the other guy and then in his best David S. Pumpkin voice goes…
DR: Any questions? 
CT: That’s his best. 
GR: The elf runs over to Beans. 
[GR voices Elf Copilot (EC)]: You son of a bitch! You…
MM: Dak shoots him. 
CT: I think under initiative now they just keep…
BB: Well this something that Pox could potentially react to, right? 
ES: Oh, I have? Is this the elf? 
GR: Yes, this is elf. 
ES: I have to react. I have to intercept. “Any time anyone attempts to kill a member of the character’s protected list, the character must make a charisma plus willpower test.” 
MM: So would that be to try stop me from shooting them? 
GR: I think that’s you trying to stop yourself from jumping in front of a bullet or something. 
BB: You roll and if you fail it, you’re going to try intercept Dak, which isn’t going to result in you dying, necessarily. 
 ES: It says “A failed roll means the character must immediately put a stop to the violence against the member of their protected group.”
CT: I was so excited for Beans to be back. I was like, “Can’t wait until Dak sees Beans again.” 
ES: I got two hits.
GR: George R. R. Martin in this. 
MM: I’m sorry. 
GR: Two hits. I don’t think two hits is a success. Pox, what do you do? 
ES: I grab Dak’s arm and whip it upwards, so his gun shoots up into the air instead of at the other guy. 
MM: Dak was not expecting that. 
DR: What the fuck, Pox? These guys are clearly going to kill us. 
P: You can’t kill him. I can’t let you do that. 
GR: These guys are scattering. These guys are running. 
P: I don’t like him, Dak. 
MM: Do they run away from their trucks? 
GR: They’re getting back into their trucks. 
DR: No, you come back here!
MM: Dak sprints over to one of the trucks and tries to wrench the door open. 
GR: Okay. The orcs. They’re like, “Oh no.” They’re locking the car. 
DR: Did you not expect this, motherfucker? 
GR: You hear a... 
DR: What the fuck is this guy on? 
P: What was that? 
DR: I don’t—
GR: You turn around. The back of the truck that Beans was in has been shaking this whole time like there’s something inside of it.
DR: Hey, Pox? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: Let’s get back in Xanadu. 
GR: The elf opens up the back of the truck and a corn beast, an Indianapolis corn beast, comes rushing out. It’s a massive hairy, yeti-like creature the color of a stalk of corn on a summer’s day. 
MM: So, green? 
GR: Green? It’s a green corn beast. 
MM: It’s not Fall yet. Harvest time. 
GR: In Fall, they turn yellow. 
CT: The corn beasts. 
GR: So do the corn beasts. And it just goes… stretches back its big clawed hands, screaming out to the skies. Zoom out from the corn beast. 
[NeoScum as a group]: Welcome to the interlude. 
GR: Welcome to the interlude. Hi, we’re... 
MM:Welcome to the interlude. 
BB: We’re at the interlude. The magical place in between the episode pieces. 
MM: Hey gang. Let’s just cut the crap. You might have heard at the top of the show...it’s official. We have a sponsor. It’s Hero Lab aka, Lone Wolf Development. They make...ow. I scratched my nose. 
CT: Oh, no. Not again. 
MM: I scratched my nose on the spit guard of the microphone, but it’s alright. I’m going to get through this and continue on with the interlude. No, we’re going to use it. 
BB: Stay strong. We’re going to use it. We’re so strong. 
MM: We’re going to use it. Anyway, like I was saying, Hero Lab and Lone Wolf development are our sponsors. They make character management software. We never have to worry about losing our character sheets anymore. Or about Blair spilling hot dog juice from one of his many hot dogs that he’s eating during the podcast.
CT: He’s spilling it all over right now. 
BB: Honestly, it was a hug problem back when we first started the podcast. 
GR: Ow! This hot dog just hit me in the nads. 
MM: But thankfully it didn’t hit our character sheets because we all do that online now. 
CT: We just...we use Hero Lab. 
ES: It is making our life way easier; and if you game like us; and you want to use some pro tools to get yourself some clutch character creation and maintenance for you game; visit Wolflair.com for more info. 
CT: Hey guys. Sorry to just interrupt this sweet, sweet Hero Lab ad, but it looks like we got a little piece of frigging fan fiction from our NeoScum super fan and certified scummer, S. J. Riker. 
ES: Oh, snap. S. J. Riker. We love that guy. 
CT: We do. 
ES: He’s a top five NeoScum fan for sure. 
CT: Baby, maybe even a top three. 
MM: My nose is bleeding from where I cut it on the spit guard, but you know what? I have to even say top to you. I love S. J. Riker. 
BB: And you might be a bigger fan than anybody who’s even on the podcast. 
ES: Amen. 
CT: It’s possible. 
MM: He’s a bigger fan than Eleni and Gannon combined. 
ES: True. 
GR: Oh, hell yeah. That’s for sure. 
MM: Do you guys just want to read his fan fiction? 
CT: Yeah, let’s go ahead and read it. 
BB: Let’s get into it. 
CT: The Adventures Argus Armstrongman: Lonestar Detective
BB: Case 637435. Attempted murder. Breach of trucking contract. Breaking and entering. Assault. Gross sexual misconduct. I’d been wracking my brain for hours, trying to fit the pieces of the puzzle together. Based on the statement submitted by the unfortunate orc in the hotel, Dak Rambo wasn’t alone. He was working with a crew: a male human wizard, a female elf, and an augmented human male. What’s more, they were working some sort of a job related to the Technocrusts that were seeping into the underbelly of the city. Just what I needed to make hunting a sociopathic trucker more interesting: a rabble of filthy, smelly, politically charged gangers. My cruiser was on auto, taking a random route through the city while I looked over Dak Rambo’s record. I’d swapped the cotton candy cartridge out of my vape, deciding that an all-nighter like this called for something a bit more abrasive. The cloud of anise passed over my tongue and into my lungs, the cocktail of stimulants diffusing into my bloodstream. I exhaled sharply out my nose in two jets, the resulting plumes cascading into the pop-up table my deck was resting on. The white streams curled into the keys as I typed, pulling up information on his likely associates. The first and most obvious was Tech Wizard, a children’s show host who had recently decided to walk on the wild side. Descriptions of him often included words such as doughy, unimposing, laughable, and vomit. Looks like I found out who set this whole thing off in Beans’s truck. Now I just needed to figure out why he had given up the limelight for the shadows.
 The second member of Dak’s team took a little more time to uncover. Cross-indexing previous associations with criminal reports and records of augmentation. There was always the chance that his gear was off-the-grid, black market chopware, but I got the impression otherwise. It was that old detective instinct, firing up without warning. I was about to give up when I found my decker. Zenith. His well-kept appearance was a stark contrast to the trucker and the wizard. Having him on the crew, it just raised more questions than answers. As the sun rose, swallowing up the brilliant pinks, blues and greens of the city’s writhing skyline, I punched the power button on my deck with my finger. The woman, despite all my efforts, remained a ghost. She was either new blood or her connection with Dak was buried so deep that you’d start hitting bedrock trying to find it. An old friend? A lover? A rival? I just didn’t know. Two out of three wasn’t bad, though. And bringing her and the others wasn’t my job. I was there for Rambo. Just as I was about to transfer the cruiser to auto, I heard chatter over the com. It was the cold, detached voice of dispatch. 
[GR voices the dispatcher]: Car 34. Your next assignment is being sent to you. Multiple homicides. Possible gang-related activity involving technocrusts.
CT: As the outdated software droned out the report, my fingers tensed. I took another long pull of licorice and let it stir in me, centering myself before turning my deck back on and pulling up the new info. The offices of Monk, Colby, Dulet-Johnson full of dead tech-hobos, blood and prototype robotics scattered everywhere. What’s more, there was a security guard who only remembered a group of three weirdos showing up before blacking out: a trucker, a decker, and an elf. And if I had to bet my paycheck, I’d say his sudden case of narcolepsy was our good friend Tech Wizard. “Hot damn,” I said, grabbing the wheel and turning sharply to the left, weaving through traffic. More clues meant more leads which meant one step closer to catching this asshole.
GR: Hot damn, baby. That was one hot read, but you know what’s better than a hot read? A little bit more hot podcasts. I’m ready to dip back into those sweltering waters. 
BB: Gannon, you really killed it as that dispatch voice. 
GR: Thank you. I have been preparing all week for that. 
MM: Blair, you did a great job reading the word anise, which is not natural to us. 
BB: Yeah, I honestly have never heard that word. And I didn’t look it up before reading it, so—
MM: It’s like licorice. 
ES: Yeah, it’s like licorice. 
BB: Is that how you say it? Anise? I thought it was maybe, “A nice”? 
GR: More like-
ES: You say it, anise or “ann is.” 
CT: “Ann is.” 
GR: Can I interrupt for a second and say more like “a nephew?” 
MM: Anise. A nephew. A female deer. 
CT: Oh guys. These are the quality jokes you can expect in the second half of this sweet NeoScum episode. 
MM: Maybe a little worse than these jokes. 
BB: Honestly, this is our A game and we only bring it for the interludes. 
GR: I love smoking blunts. 
ES: Some say it’s too many blunts.
MM: Casey, I’m sorry. I thought this would be easy to edit, but—
CT: It’s okay. 
GR: Psyche. It’s fine. 
BB: Can I do a quick thing as Zenith real quick? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: So, while Tech Wizard’s been on stage, Zenith has been looking around, and I want to find whatever the center is that runs this hologram for the show? And I want to hack it. 
CT: Resident prankster. What are we going to do with you? 
GR: Can’t be stopped. 
MM: I just want to say I feel a little vindicated that I shot Beans now that the corn monster is out. I mean that was a good instinct. 
BB: I got three hits. 
GR: Yeah, didn’t get through, so you’re…
BB: I’m clicking away. 
GR: So, it’s this room full of tech guys going around pressing buttons and you’re just standing in the back going. 
BB: I’m acting like a robot but hacking through my cyber deck in my brain. And Zenith is also pretty fucked from up the dump shock that he took earlier, so he’s not just doing a great job of it. 
GR: Yeah. TW? 
CT: Can you say just I’ve got three hits again. I didn’t that clean. 
BB: Oh yeah. I got three hits. 
GR: I got two phones. One for the plug and one for the load. So, shooting.
SH: Alright, fellers. That’s a wrap. 
TW: Oh, I...Wow. Grant. 
GR: All the kids are shuffling out. 
TW: So, an incredible pleasure to work with you. 
GJ: Hey. Don’t fucking talk to me you wizard scum. 
TW: You’re right. I’m sorry. That was—
GJ: Jesus, that was so weird. 
TW: I’m sorry. 
GJ: Wow. Hey, what was your name? 
TW: Squirt Purpler. 
GJ: Yeah. Cool. 
TW: Hey, thanks man. 
GJ: Sure. 
TW: Hey, honestly, thanks for coming on the show. It’s kind of a big deal for me, you know? We’ve been struggling for a while; and I know this is probably usually out of your, I guess, level. I can see why...
 GJ: I’m just trying to spread the word on the importance of detaining and keeping track of wizards to make sure they don’t cause problems. 
TW: It makes a lot of sense when you say it like that. So, thank you for… 
BB: The one kid who didn’t get it when the whole song went down and was not that happy. He goes... 
[BB voices Milton (M)]: Hey, Tech Wiz? Are you sure this whole thing wasn’t a little bit against your self interests? 
TW: Well, no. My self interests are I want to be an actor, okay? And here I am, acting on a tv show. Do you have a tv show, little boy? 
CK: Okay. Thanks. 
BB And he toddles off. 
TW: Yeah, dude. Get the fuck out of here. Hey, who’s your dad? Where’s your parents?
M: I’m an orphan. 
TW: I want to talk to...Oh, you’re an orphan? 
GR: I’m going just insert something here. Tech Wizard doesn’t know about this. Secret motivation for the child. You’re a wizard. You have magical abilities that you don’t...you do not understand them. You’re afraid of them and now you’re terrified of that teacher. 
BB: Like on that he’s doing little tiny fireballs in his bed to read books and stuff? 
MM: I would read this young adult novel. 
BB: Can we roll back that conversation to you telling me to go fuck myself? 
TW: Seriously man? I’m trying to make a fucking living here, okay? And you’re coming at me? You’re coming at me and disrespecting me in my place of business? 
M: No, I just...I...did you listen to his song at all? 
TW: Yeah, I listened to his song. He’s got a great singing voice. It was awesome. You know what? It’s not for me to judge the work, okay? And he’s probably right because I am fucking scum, okay? So get out of here. 
M: Okay. I’m just saying, you know, some time in the next ten years it’s really going to matter that all of us stick together, you know? And maybe help out people? But, yeah. I’m going to grab a candy bar from the green room. 
BB: He says…
M: I love you, Tech Wiz. 
BB: And then he...a single tear droops down his face and it gets to the exact same level as the tear that Dak Rambo had earlier. And then for a second, it looks like it’s going to get sucked back up. And then it falls off his face. 
CT: And the drip of the tear on the ground goes... 
MM: Hyper closeup of the tear where there’s tons of dirty wizard bacteria just—
BB: Yeah, it’s like normal cells, but they’re all wearing those Mickey Mouse Sorcerer’s Apprentice hats. 
CT: Tech Wizard takes a second after that and he looks around. And he sees the look in Grant’s face and he sees the way the crew is acting like he doesn’t even exist. And he sees the way the producers are looking at him and turning to each other and laughing. And for a second, the message of the kid kind of gets through to him. And he thinks about standing up for himself, but then he remembers what a big deal Grant is and how big this is going to be for him. And he says nothing. 
GJ: Hmm. Cool. 
GR: That’s Grant. 
GJ: Pretty cool watching you scream at that kid. 
ES: Oh no. 
GJ: Anyway, don’t know why I’m still here. Sorry, I’m not trying to be rude; but, hey man, you’re doing really good about how horrible wizards are. Okay? So just keep it up. Here’s a headshot. 
TW: Thanks. 
CT: Is it signed? 
GR: No. 
TW: Could you? Could you maybe?
GJ: I’m really busy right now. 
TW: Okay. 
GR: And he turns and he leaves. 
CT: Tech Wizard looks back out at the hallway and sees the little boy trying to get something out of the vending machine. But it’s stuck and the glass, it leans against the glass, and it hasn’t come out. And so he reapproaches the kid. 
BB: Before Tech Wizard gets there, the kid is looking at it and concentrating really hard. And he looks around for a second both ways. And then he stares really intently at the candy bar that’s stuck. And that’s when you come up to him. 
CT: Okay. Does it move? Does it react? 
BB: He’s concentrating, but he hasn’t quite moved it yet. And you haven’t noticed it, because he hasn’t actually done anything yet. 
CT: Tech Wizard sees and he does the tiniest lightest magic fingers that he can muster with his strength just to loosen the candy bar so that it drops for the kid. 
BB: The candy bar goes Clunk and the kid goes…
BB: And then he looks around again and this where he sees Tech Wizard. 
TW: Hey kid. I kind of got hot there. To be fair, I’m a little bit strung out on drugs; and I’ve killed a number of people in the past few days. 
M: Bad people? Did they deserve it? 
TW: Yeah. Bad people and you know what? They deserved it. Super, super much. 
M: Okay. 
TW: Hey. I’m just saying magic is just who I am. And it’s who certain people are. And it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re bad. But sometimes when you’re a grownup, you have to do things that stand against everything you believe. And you have to act in things that seem like they’re destructive to your own self interests. And that’s just part of what being a grownup is. And I guess I just mean it’s important you learn that now because people aren’t going to start being nice to people like me, alright? They geek me first, so, anyway…
M: That’s kind of sad. You know what would make me feel a lot better? 
TW: What? 
BB: And then he opens his arms like he’s baiting for a hug. And he starts walking towards you. 
CT: Tech Wizard totall—
BB: And then he wheels back and socks Tech Wizard right in the balls. 
CT: This was one that did it. That teetering on the edge of his stun damage that Tech has been doing for the past 45 minutes to an hour finally kicks over and his eyes roll back in his head. And he falls back to the floor passed out. 
GR: Okay, I’m going to say this. You fall backwards into the vending machine. And you break the window open and all the candy comes out. 
MM: Oh. 
GR: And there’s all these kids all of a sudden just swarm out the hallway and start picking up candy off of your passed out body. 
MM: I’m just going to say the orangutan kid got the most candy. 
GR: And just for the record, what’s the name of the little magic kid? 
BB: Milton.
GR: Milton. Okay. Put a pin in Milton. Good character. Meanwhile, we got this big old green hairy beast with big green pointy teeth and large yeti arms looking at these guys. You guys want to say something cool before you go into initiative? 
P: Dak, I know your heart’s broken. But you need to kick it in gear and slam this fucking beast!
DR: One thing first, Pox. 
MM: Dak runs up to the truck that’s trying to get started to leave. And he puts his gun right to the window and he shoots the guy through the window. I’m rolling for that. 
BB: This is one of the orcs, right? 
MM: That’s one hit. 
GR: One hit? 
MM: But I think I’m going to spend an edge.
BB: He’s going to do it. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. 
MM: Whatever. This is bullshit. I got two hits. 
GR: Nope, you got through. So, yeah, you shoot this guy. You shoot him in the neck. He’s still alive, but his eyes pop like golf balls and all this blood...The bullet goes through the window, slams him in the neck, and blood squirts all over his friend sitting in the seat next to him. 
MM: Then Dak turns back to Pox and goes…
DR: Time to make the doughnuts. 
MM: And he jumps down and he’s standing right next to you side by side as a comrade and warrior brother. 
ES: And she says…
P: Nice. 
GR: Okay, roll for—
ES: And I’m going to make a high five. 
MM: Yes. 
GR: Roll for initiative. 
MM: Nine. 
ES: 11. 
BB: You just hit a huge number. 
MM: One hundre...nine. 
GR: So, the corn beast is actually going to go first. Corn beast lurches forward, lunging at Dak Rambo, attacking him.
MM: Two hits. 
GR: He takes a mighty hit. Big green arm slashes at Dak Rambo. 
MM: Dak Rambo’s knocked back into the side of the truck...it was the guy he just shot in the neck. 
GR: Okay, so you take four physical damage. Okay, so let’s go over to Pox. 
ES: Pox is going to do a somersault roll underneath his belly and jab upwards right into his belly. 
GR: Great. Give yourself one more dice for that cool move. 
BB: Nice
ES: Five hits. 
GR: Oh. He just rolled like a corn beast, and I want to cut you some slack here. I’m not, but I want to. So you swing up the sword really cool underneath him, but it more nimbly than you’d imagine, he pirouettes out of the way of your blade. This nasty beast. Oh and it’s a he. It’s a he. 
MM: Can we tell? 
GR: You can tell. And guys and... it ain’t cold. 
BB: Oh damn. You’re telling us this guy’s got a regular corn cob. 
ES: I saw that right up close. Way closer than I wanted to. 
GR: Dak Rambo. 
MM: On a truck, there’s a gas tank that’s...trucks have a lot of gas is what I’m saying. 
GR: Oh my God. 
MM: And this truck that is has a guy that I just shot in his head. If I go down underneath the trailer meets the truck, I can go in there and pry off this auxiliary gas tank. It’s like the size of four footballs stacked together. And what I’d like to do, I’m proposing...I’d like to do that. I’d like to stab it with my knife and then hurl it at the corn beast, coating him in gasoline. 
GR: One turn is going to have to be you going under, and then the next turn would have to be you coming out and throwing it. 
TW: This would be a great combo if Tech Wizard was here to finally use Flame Thrower in a useful way once. 
MM: I know. I’m going to do this. Let’s say—
GR: So, Dak Rambo gets underneath the truck. Woosh. 
MM: I’m going to say this is automotive mechanics. Just sort of my knowledge of how trucks work. I work on them a lot. It’s second nature for Dak Rambo to castrate a truck like this. That’s what we call it in the biz when you cut off a tank of gasoline, you call it a castration. You cut off...there’s the cap. That’s called a bris. 
ES: Is it a castration or a…
MM: You gotta...You call yourself a mohel. 
BB: And you got to have a party specifically for that.
ES: Is it a castration or a gastration? 
MM Is it a mohel or an oil? 
BB: And just out of curiosity, is this an ethanol tank you’re about the throw at the corn beast? 
MM: Or an “ethaball” tank?
ES: You guys. I think these jokes are really coolant. 
MM: I think they’re a little corny beast. We all kill ourselves.
GR: How many hits are hits are we talking? 
MM: A lot of fours that were misleading. 
BB: No, that honestly is the shadowrunner’s curse. 
GR: The four.
BB: The four. 
MM: I got three hits. 
GR: Three hits? Good enough. You pry it loose. Okay, so you take a big old hit from this guy and then you’re like, “I’m out of here.” Swoop under the truck. Yank! Pull out that gas tank. 
MM: He falls to the side like a tree after he gets hit because he’s like, “Timber!” He falls down and then he hits the ground and he starts rolling immediately like a damned log on the rolling river. The Mississippi. 
GR: Wonderful. So, this big nasty beast is going to turn on Pox and go... He’s mad that you tried to “gastrate” him. 
ES: Oh.
GR: He’s going to attack you. 
BB: Eleni also has combat sense, which gives her plus two to defense tests. 
ES: So, I get plus two? 
GR: Yep. 
ES: Wow. God bless that Blair now knows things about my character. 
GR: Truly a good ally to have. 
ES: Yes. Truly. Because I’d be like, “I don’t know. I got three dice.” Three. 
GR: Three hits. That’s was good. He swings...how do you want to dodge out the way of his long arm? 
ES: Oh, she is—
CT: Flips. 
ES: Yeah. She’s going to do seven back flips backwards over one car and then hiding behind a car. 
GR: I’ll give you one back flip…
ES: Okay. One back flip. 
GR: in being in an advantageous position.It’s your turn to attack this guy. By the way, look how much faster this is going? I’m pleased. 
MM: No magic. Fucking wizards. 
BB: Or matrix. Literally, you have the two combat people in a combat situation. 
GR: I’ll have to do this more often, guys.
ES: Well, I’m really fast. So I’m going to really fastly climb up its body and stab it in the neck. 
GR: Do you have any comparable climbing or athletic skill that would help you get up this guy’s back? 
ES: I have Wall Running. 
GR: Wall Running? Do Wall Running. 
BB: Oh fuck me. 
CT: Finally. 
BB: Wall Running is an adept skill too. 
ES: Well, I got three hits. Oh, I got four hits. 
GR: So, you easily scale up this guy as though he was a little granny staircase. 
ES: And now I’m going to stab him right in the neck on the top of his...back of his neck. 
GR: I’ll give you an extra two dice for the called shot in a vulnerable area. 
ES: Wow, I feel so strong. 
GR: Wow wee wow. 
ES: I have so many dice, I can’t even hold them. I got three hits. 
GR: He got three hits. So, you swing your sword down towards its big bulky neck, but it moves and you have to dance to the other shoulder to retain your balance and you don’t score your hit. Everyone, really quick. Roll your initiative again. 
BB: And by everyone, you mean half the table don’t do that, right? 
ES: You two just—
GR: Sit tight. 
ES: Sit tight. I got an 11 again. 
MM: 12. 
GR: We’ll let DR go first. 
MM: Dak is going to, with his combat knife, make a rent in the tank on the top so it’s not spilling out. And then he’s going to drop his knife and then over hand, like a soccer in bounce, he’s going to throw with two hands, the gas tank, directly at the popcorn beast. And he’ll even take a couple of steps into the throw to add some velocity. 
GR: What skill ability combo you using for that? 
MM: I got explosives. Can we go with demolitions at least? 
GR: Hell yeah. 
BB: Strength plus demolitions? That’s a damn roll. 
MM: I got two hits. And I’d also like to add that it was currently fighting Eleni, er, currently fighting Pox? 
GR: Interesting. He got two hits, you got two hits. He got two hits, so that’s not going to be successful. Too bad. 
MM: Can I spend another goddamn edge? 
GR: I’ll allow it. I’m walking the edge of a heartbreak. So, this is leaving your hands and you’re realizing that this is not going to connect. 
MM: I’ve misgauged the velocity. And I just got all sixes, so it’s four sixes added added to my two. I got two more sixes. 
BB: You can reroll any sixes. 
CT: You pivot your foot just the slightest bit. 
GR: She’s just like, in the zone. You throw it and this thing, you clock it good on the chest and it’s oil all down the stomach. But not knocked around enough as to knock Pox off. 
P: Yeah, Dak!
GR: This guy’s going to try and move Pox from his back. 
MM: That’s a good thing. 
ES: No. Oh, well. Yes. 
GR: Three hits. Pox, can you give me a reaction and intuition? 
ES: Two. 
GR: So, he’s knocking you off of him, throwing you to the ground. Roll me a body and armor roll against nine damage. 
ES: I also have a Freefall skill. 
GR: What does that do? 
ES: Let me tell you what it says. It says, “This skill covers any jump from height, including leaps from a third-floor window to jumps from a plane at high altitude.” Oh so should I read it for the podcast? 
CT: Yeah, or you, I guess—
ES: Oh, sorry. “If it involves any involves any kind of attempt to control or slow your fall, this covers it.” 
GR: That’s great. So, I’m going to say that that’s going to cover you for this throw since you are an adept and you know how to fall. So, this guys throwing you off of him, you know how to hit the ground and roll out of it. We’ll just say you take no damage. So, he just threw off the back, but you did that thing where you’re like...dive! Roll. And you’re up. Ready to fight. And now it’s your turn. 
ES: Wow. I’m going to just run a little behind him and slice his Achilles tendon. It’s going to be so hurtful. 
GR: I’ll give you one for that. 
ES: I got four hits. 
GR: I got two hits. So, you got his Achilles tendon. You just f’d this corn beast up permanently. 
ES: Which means that his muscle inside of his leg just slingshotted upwards into his body. 
GR: Shout out. My mom. You know the deal with Achilles tendon. Respect to you. 
MM: Seems like there’s a story there. 
GR: She busted her Achilles tendon when I was a little kid. And she had to wear a boot for while, but now she’s good. 
ES: Good. 
GR: But she knows how painful that it. So, I’m sure...Mom, tweet it at us. Let us know how painful an Achilles tendon is. All the moms who have had Achilles tendon, tweet @NeoScum. 
CT: @NeoScum. 
ES: @NeoScum. 
CT: @CaseyPoney. P-o-n-e-y. 
GR: @CaseyPoney. @POTUS. So, you slice this bing bong up gnarly. 
MM: Nice. 
GR: And it’s hurting. We’re going to go to the DR of congo. Dak Rambo. 
MM: Heck yes. “It’s Dak’s turn!” he says into the camera before looking back at the corn beast. And he sees that his good buddy Pox just nailed that Achilles T just like so many moms have had happen to them in the past. Shout out to the moms. Respect. 
CT: @NeoScum. 
MM: @NeoScum. @CaseyPoney. @POTUS. 
BB: #NeoScumMomsforAchillesTendons
ES: #ThankYouMomsForever
CT: #Resist
MM: Dak walks over to the...what’s his face? Yeah, corn monster. And he turns over to Pox and he reaches in his pants. His underwear, actually. And he pulls out a pre-rolled space weed joint and a zippo lighter. But a future zippo lighter, so it’s even hotter. And he goes…
DR: Hey, Pox.
MM: He lights the joint. 
DR: What’s a show without popcorn? 
MM: And he throws the zippo over his shoulder behind him because he was looking away. And he lets that zippo fly through the air in slow motion. 
GR: The flame hits the oil and just. Dak doesn’t see this but Pox sure does. Flames erupt all over this thing and you hear it go.... It’s just scorching and thrashing, but it can’t move because it’s missing one Achilles tendon. Just thrashing around in pain. And at that, the truckers are backing out, driving their trucks away. Just leaving this screaming hideous beast. 
MM: As they’re leaving, Dak is just taking shots at their tires.Can I get one shot in at a tire? 
GR: You get one shot in on an tire. 
MM: One shot podcasts. 
GR: One shot podcasts. www.oneshotpodcasts.com. 
BB: Yeah, to promote the one shot podcast, we’ll be taking one shot at a tire for every episode. 
ES: And while you’re rolling this, I want to say that Pox is staring up at this giant beast in such awe. And the blood on her face is flickering with the light of the fire, and it just drips off the side of her face. 
MM: For the record, Gannon. I took a shot with the truck that had Beans in it, and I did get four hits. 
GR: Yeah, it got four hits, so…
MM: Damn. Dak’s screaming at the- wordlessly screaming into the air. He take his gun up and then...what’s it called? 
CT and BB: Point Break. 
MM: Point Break. Shoots this guy a bunch until he’s just getting clicks. No gunshots. 
P: That’s a waste of ammo. 
DR: You’re right. 
P: Good job. 
BB: A bullet falls down and donks him right on the nose. 
ES: Tink
MM: Roll for that, Blair. 
 
BB: I’m just assuming the bullets have to come down. 
MM: Dak did not shoot perfectly up into the air. What about the rotation of the Earth? Is that still happening in 2075? Think about some things, Blair. 
CT: It’s 2076. 
ES: I thought it was 2077. 
CT: It’s a vague 207x. 
BB: I’m going to go ahead and retcon that whole bullet thing. It sounds like that wasn’t a popular move for Dak Rambo, so we’re going to cut it. But I want this whole conversation about it to stay in the episode. 
[MM voices PP1 (PP1]: PP3? 
[ES voices PP2 (PP2): Oh, PP. 
MM: Okay, Blair. Gannon? 
GR: Blair. Present. So, let’s just zip back to Tech Wizard. Tech Wizard is passed out in a smashed up vending machine. The kids all grabbed their candy and are running out now. 
BB: Z has been floating around trying to pull little dumb tricks on people. He keeps acting like he’s a robot who can’t hear what people say and then responding to them way later. But he finally is walking around and he sees Tech is passed out with his upper body inside this vending machine, and there was no candy left in in it all. There’s one shitty candy that nobody got. 
GR: Yeah. Peanuts. Unsalted peanuts. 
BB: Unsalted peanuts are just on one…
GR: It’s six unsalted peanuts on Tech Wizard’s chest and face. 
BB: So, Z just goes up. And at this point, I’m assuming nobody is around Tech Wiz any more. And Z is trying to get his arms in and finally he just slaps Tech Wizard across the face. 
TW: Oh man. Wow. Oh, it’s kind of funny how more does it, you know? More pain wakes you up. Pain puts you to sleep, pain wakes you up. 
Z: Mr. Purpler, I believe our car is outside and ready to go. 
TW: Nobody is around, dude. What are you doing? Come on. 
Z: Come on. Just give me this, man. I’ve been freaking out in the Matrix. Just let me play a little joke, you know? These idiots are eating it up. You have no idea. 
TW: People are into the whole robot thing? 
Z: Two people had a conversation about how they didn’t want to be in a work relationship within six inches of my body thinking that I couldn’t hear what they were saying. 
TW: But, I mean, like a robot, you definitely that, right? 
Z: Oh, absolutely. Do you want to watch it? 
TW: Yeah, can we watch that? 
MM: As they...I don’t know if they go to watch it on a little projector you shoot out of your eyeball? 
BB: Yeah, yeah. 
MM: As that’s happening on the first floor, Pox and Dak are walking in. Dak’s still smoking his weed joint, which is probably legal though to be honest. 
GR: Yes, it is. Smoking indoors isn’t. 
MM: Grant Junctal is leaving as we’re coming in. And he’s walking in a path that is right through Pox and Dak. 
BB: Expecting you guys to move. 
MM: Expecting us to move. 
GR: His bodyguards are with him and they’re walking out. 
MM: And can I say Pox and I are stone cold bad asses right now?
ES: I imagine Dak blows a cloud a smoke right in his direction and Pox is covered in blood. 
MM: Do we bump into them? 
GR: You bump into them. 
MM: Can I get a moment when I bump into them?
ES: Oh, he really bumped right into them. 
BB: He really wanted to bump into them. 
GR: One of the bodyguard goes, “Watch where you’re going.” 
MM: And I hold up my empty gun and go…
DR: You are so fucking lucky. 
MM: And I go…
DR: Here. You can have this. 
GR: The bodyguard is just like, “This is just some punk. Let’s go.” 
DR: You don’t want my gift? 
GR: They’re walking out. Grant turns around is like…
GJ: Hey, buddy. What’s your name? 
DR: My name’s Dak fucking Rambo. 
GJ: I like your style. 
DR: Wait, really? 
GJ: If you’re ever in Hollywood, look me up. 
DR: But, sir? What’s your name? 
GR: Turns around and walks out. 
DR: Who the fuck was that? 
P: I know exactly who that was. I have great knowledge of pop culture. 
CT: Okay, what’s his name without looking at my notes? 
P Grant Juncquil.
BB: So close. 
CT: Juncquil. When you can’t get to sleep, take some Juncquil. 
BB: No, that’s the product he sponsors. Juncquil. 
ES: Juncqu—
BB: His name is Junctal. 
 ES: Junctal. 
CT: It’s kind of like Dak fuel. 
DR: That was so cool. They didn’t even take my gun. I was going to snatch it away from them and do a, “too slow.” But they didn’t even fall for my trap. 
CT: At this moment, Tech Wizard and Z are…
BB: We’re finishing up the video. It’s about five minutes long and it’s literally these people are madly in love with each other, but have decided not to date because they are in a work setting. 
MM: The elevator opens and we walk on the floor, and we see you. 
TW: Oh, guys. Hey, do you want to see my episode? Do you want to see the dailies? 
DR: Did we miss it already? Have you filmed? 
TW: Oh yeah. I needed to straight in. I’m sorry, man. It was great though on the stage with Grant Junctal. 
DR: Grant Junctal? I just met that guy. He’s pretty freaking cool. 
TW: Yeah, he’s…
P: a very attractive man. 
TW: Yeah. Very attractive. Very cool. Do you have the footage, Z? 
Z: Yes, I can project the footage upon this wall? 
TW: He’s doing a robot thing. 
DR: Z’s doing the robot guy? I love this character. 
ES: Meanwhile, Pox is still covered in blood, but no one is addressing this. 
MM: Oh, Dak also has the splattered blood of Beans on his face. 
TW: Yeah, by the way—
Z: What took you guys so long when you were parking the car? 
MM: I look at Pox. 
P: There was a rat. 
DR: Yeah, there was a rat. What the fuck does this mean, Pox? 
P: I don’t know. 
DR: What the fuck does this mean? 
ES: What? You’re giving me a meaningful look. I’m trying to make sound really casual. 
MM: I was trying to have a nice moment with you. We could have been like, “Hey, we were trying to find a parking spot.” But you said, “There’s a rat.” 
ES: I’m sorry 
MM: What the fuck does that mean? After the credits, cut to Beans bleeding out in that car. And do you know how in some movies where after the guy dies, you see a hand shoot through where he’s buried. 
GR: Oh, buddy. You don’t know if Beans is alive or dead. 
MM: Until this moment where he dies. And the doctor goes, “He’s dead.” 
BB: Time of death? 
ES: And he’s officially…dead. 
MM: Beans has died. 
GR: You will find out what happens to Beans. 
MM: Narratively, it makes sense for him to die and not come back, so I think we’re good. 


[EPISODEBREAK11]


BB: Character creation and management tools for Neoscum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf Development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information.
CT: This is Casey on mic 1.
BB: This is Blair on mic 1.
MM: This is Mike on Casey 1.
ES: This is PP1.
GR: Fart ass.
GR: It’s Chicago! The big friggin’ ant hill of the spiral of -- the Ring of Prosperity is alight. You guys are just right outside of that, everything is looking a little crummy. Let’s just say you guys are all in the truck right now. I’m gonna also -- Does one of you guys have a little iPhone guy with like -- I’d just really love to walk through all the reminders of things that are going on.
BB: Yeah, I’ve got an augmented reality thing.
GR: Ding! Tomorrow at 10am is definitely when you’re supposed to be at--
BB: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I think Z has a feed that’s always taking up some aspect of his visual space.
GR: Cool, cool cool cool.
MM: Can I say, juxtapositioned with that, Dak has a little scrap of paper that he just wrote “Death Race” on, and it’s spelt incorrectly, and then there’s a picture of two suns to say that it’s in two days and he made it yesterday.
BB: And he crossed off one of the suns.
MM: He crossed off -- he made one of the suns into a moon.
CT: Oooh.
GR: Oh, that’s so good. Let’s see, so it’s 11pm. Very late in Chicago. You guys have been awake I think since --
BB: Well, the whole podcast we recorded so far.
GR: I think you guys have been up for two days straight at this point. And, if I remember correctly, Neoscum being spray painted on your car only -- you guys have been awake since that happened. Okay, so you guys are all in Xanadu right now. Tech Wizard, how are you doing? What are you looking like?
CT: Tech Wizard is still feeling rough, but he’s got the spark of accomplishment in his eyes, and he’s back in his hometown, he is looking and pointing out the window, and tapping Pox and telling her what that store is and this one time where he went to this place and -- he’s pretty excited again, but you can tell that he is pale and his eyes are bloodshot and he’s got big bags under them, and just really running on the thinnest of fumes right now.
ES: Pox just came off of killing a giant corn beast which was so awesome that she’s running on high even though she’s super stunned, almost to the point of passing out. But she’s amped still, and excited about hanging out with these friends, and killing, and fun.
BB: Z’s sitting in the back row of Xanadu and he’s pretty messed up. He’s obviously pretty tired, but then also, is just kinda sitting there with his eyes closed, still recovering from his most recent hot-sim dip into the matrix. He’s also running background security protocols on his system, since doing that is just a routine like “Yo! Gotta make sure I didn’t bring in any weird viruses or anything like that”.
MM: Dak is looking very haggard and world weary. He has a dark, dark red stain on his tank top, his white tank top, from where he was shot earlier. The bullet is still inside his shoulder, and he also was shot in the arm a little bit but that bullet went through. There’s blood over there too. And he’s got -- I don’t think I’ve ever mentioned this before but the inside of Xanadu is white leather. He’s never mentioned this, but it’s white leather and if you’re asking me to tell you how Dak is doing, I might as well be telling you how Xanadu is doing coz they’re one and the same. There’s still a big, big swath of oily sheen on the right passenger window, and that’s where the petroleum jelly from the trip to Chicago was dumped when it was meant to be hurled out of the window. Dak is observing Pox and Tech Wizard -- their interaction, and he’s watching them sort of the way an old, ancient patriarch might watch two of his grandchildren on a holiday. Christmas, maybe.
Z: Guys, I know a street Doc if we wanna go get patched up somewhere. Is that something we wanna do before we turn in for the night?
TW: Oh, man yeah, I could --
P:I think you look really terrible.
DR: You talking to me?
P: Yeah, I’m sorry.
DR: No, no, it’s fine, I do look terrible. Can we bring brewskis?
Z: ...I can ask, I guess.
TW: That means yes!
DR: Wait a second, on three, d’you wanna say the name of this street doctor? I just wanna see if we have the same street doctor.
Z: Yeah sure.
DR: One, two, three:
DR: Victor Candywrapper
Z: Priscilla Kensington
P: Wowwww
DR: Ooh! Priscilla! Yeah I actually know Priscilla
Z: Oh? You do?
DR: But I know this other guy named Victor Candwrapper.
Z: Well, we can go to Victor Candywrapper too. Although I will say, his name does not inspire a ton of confidence as a street doctor.
DR: He’s actually a street therapist.
Z: Oh.
DR You just street talk to him and stuff.
Z: Well it seems like, while we do have a lot of stun damage in our party, maybe a therapist isn’t the best thing to do right now.
P: I don’t think we need therapy.
Z: I mean, I’m not saying Dak doesn’t need therapy at all, I’m just saying that right now, I don’t think this group needs to go to a therapist.
P: Right, sure. It’s not the priority.
DR: I know a really good street dentist.
Z: Do you guys wanna go to the street doc though?
P: Yep!
DR: Yeah
TW: Yeah, I’m feeling it.
GR: Yeah sure. Why don’t you tell us a little bit about Priscilla Kensington?
BB: She’s a doctor that Z knows. He was just mainly put in contact with her through some of his Shadowrun contacts. Zenith has a ton of cybernetic implants, and Priscilla specifically specialises in cybernetic implants, but then can also do plenty of other stuff as a street doc.
DR: So, it’s also 11pm right now, so I don’t know if the good doctor takes house calls.
Z: Well, let’s give her a call.
GR: Brring, brring!
PK: Uh, hello? Kensington.
Z: Hey, I’ve got four runners who are looking a little worse for wear.
PK: Alright, bring them over.
Z: Alright.
TW: What did she say?
Z: Yeah, we’re good, let’s just go. She’s a street doc, of course she’s open.
P: Ohhh.
DR: Is she -- are you still on the phone?
DR: It doesn’t say that the call ended. It’s still going!
Z: I was calling her on my... data jack.
DR: Ew. Yeah, I’m really effed up.
P: What? Can you take the --
Z: Dak, are you okay man? Look I--
DR: I got shot, I got shot like four episodes ago.
Z: Can you put this on autopilot or something? Or let one of us drive or something?
TW: I just wanna say that we are going into oncoming in the traffic right now.
P: Hey, I learnt how to drive.
DR: You put your foot down on my foot.
MM: Dak is still in the driver's seat.
Z: You’re also still in the oncoming lane.
Unnamed Driver (UD): Where’d you learn to drive, human school?
DR: Yeah! I did learn to drive in human school. Where did you learn to drive, I’m-following-you school? I’m-next-to-your-car school?
UD: Hey, back off buddy!!
DR: I’m going the right way now… brother. Let me in that car!
UD: No!
DR: Let me in your car!
Z: Dak, let him go, let him go, Dak!
TW: We really can’t pick any more fights man, I’m not feeling it.
DR: Coward!
UD: I’m not a coward, I served in Robo-Vietnam!
P: Go away!
UD: You go away!
Z: We are following this guy.
DR: He’s following us now to be honest. I’m trying to get away. I’m trying to be the BIGGER MAN!
UD: I’m gonna find you -- where your home -- and kill all you guys.
Everyone: Woahhhh!! 
P: What!?
Z: Jesus Christ!!
DR: You sound like you could really join our party. What’s your name?
UD: Okay! I’ll tell you what my name is buddy. These nuts!! You get down and gobbling down on my big sackies.
P: Oh my god he just flashed us!
BB: Z just fucking--
DR: This guy, it seems like he’s got moxie. I want him on our team!
TW: And those were huge nuts. He wasn’t lying.
Z: Dude, I’ve never seen someone keep both hands on the wheel and whip their nuts out at the same time.
DR: I know! Jesus! I think I’m sort of a hotshot driver, but I hope this guy’s not in the death race tomorrow.
P: I -- Why don’t you just ram into him?
TW: No, no! He’s a good -- It looks like he --
UD: Why don’t you pull over, you coward?!
P: Ram into him back!
DR: Alright, no, no.
Z: Just keep going.
DR: No, he called me back. I tried to be the bigger man, but it looks like I’m coming back down to short -- his size...
P: Ram into that guy.
DR: I’m not ramming in, I’m getting out of the car.
P: Oh no, no, no, no.
GR: Okay, both cars are stopped, okay.
P: Oh god.
DR: Oh buddy!
GR: The guy gets out of the car.
DR: Let’s settle this -- 
UD: Ayyyyy
DR: You know I’m a big time Shadowrunner, alright? 
UD: Yeah, do you know I’m a big time Shadowrunner. 
GR: It’s an orc with a mohawk.
TW: Wait.
GR: He’s driving -- he’s driving a Toyota Previa that’s souped up.
MM: Driving, or?
TW: Pete?
Z: Oh my god.
GR: Well he’s out of it but it can hover.
TW: Pete Whistler?
PW: Tech Wizard?
TW: What are you doing here?
PW: You son of a bitch! I didn’t know you were back in town!
TW: Yeah man, I just got back, dude!
PW: Holy sh-boly!
TW: Oh my god, you’re still running?!
DR: Hey brother, it's rude to get into a conversation.
MM: I pistol whip him.
TW: Hey this is my frie --
GR: Come on, you ain’t close enough to pistol whip him.
MM: I got out of the car, I was talking to his face like an umpire.
TW: This is Pete. He used to tell me about Shadowrunning. He used to work lights at the show.
PW: Don’t tell me you’re still with that show!
MM: So you guys are gonna acknowledge like I didn’t just knock his lights out? Boom! I won’t pistol whip him because you seem really disappointed by that choice, so, no worries.
P: What is your name? Pete?
PW: Yeah, that’s my name.
P: Wow, well we’re on the way to go see a doctor and your genitals look really, um, inflamed, so maybe you want to join us?
DR: Yeah buddy, what is that?
PW: Naaah, that ain’t a problem. 
P: Ugh.
TW: Hey Pete, hey listen man. We don't want any trouble obviously, we’re just --
Z: Well, no, that’s wrong. Dak definitely wants trouble.
TW: Okay, but that’s because Dak’s a big dude on campus, and you don’t come at Dak without getting the…Somebody wanna make up the -- ?
DR: No, I like where this is going, Tech.
TW: You don’t come at Dak without -- You don’t come at the Rambo without getting the Rambo-- without getting Ramboned...?
DR: You don’t come at Dak with that fungus on your sack, buddy, like my friend Pox called you out on.
TW: There we go. That’s why he’s the one that usually says this kinda stuff.
P: Wowww.
Z: For real though, that’s gotta be fungus, my man, Pete.
PW: I’m definitely not ever going to a doctor in my life. Buuut, Dak Rambo is your name?
DR: Yeah, buddy.
PW: I heard that all the gangs around here want you dead.
DR: Well, that’s probably a sign that I’m a pretty cool guy so --
PW: Yeah, and you know what? I think I’m liking you more and more.
DR: You wanna join our party, Pete?
PW: Yeah, I think I would like to join your party.
P: What?!
Z: Okay, I’m going to veto this. What is this guy gonna possibly bring to the table?
P: Yeah! This guy’s gonna spread venereal disease.
PW: What do you mean I can’t join your --?! Who is this nerd saying I can’t join the party now?
Z: Okay, wait a minute! Pete, what the fuck do you do? What kind of Shadowrunner are you?
PW: I got nunchucks.
Z: You got nunchucks?!
DR: This guy frickin’ rules!! I love Pete! We started out as mortal enemies, but now? Because I didn’t pistol whip him…
MM: Thank you, by the way, Casey.
CT: Hey.
DR: I didn’t pistol whip him, now he’s our friend. This is what happens when you take out the --
P: Pete?
DR: Dak’s got two bullets in him.
P: This guy’s going hysterical. Let’s get to the doctor. Dak? Sit in the back of the truck. Sit in the back of the truck!!
Z: Dak -- Dak, I’m serious, if this guy joins our party, I’m leaving.
P: I’m gonna tie you up and put you in the back of the truck, Dak, if you keep insisting on bringing this guy along.
DR: Pox, you don’t have to do that, your threats are enough.
P: Okay, good.
TW: Guys, guys, guys, guys. Pete, it was good seeing you man. What are you doing for breakfast tomorrow? We gotta get to a doc cause we’re all pretty worse for wear.
Z: I am also not eating breakfast with this guy.
TW: Z! Brother!
DK: Pete, I don’t know what you did, but Z hates ya, Pox hates you too.
P: I mean I don’t hate you enough that I wouldn’t eat a meal with you, but I don’t want to see you really ever again. You flashed your balls at me. That’s sexual harassment!
Z: Yeah, I’m also a little worried that --
TW: Yeah, that’s true.
PW: I meant that purely in an aggressive way, not in an inappropriate way.
P: Mm, I understand.
PW: I was just trying, it was just like “I’m gonna kill you” ball flash. Nothing else!
P: Yeah.
Z: Yeah, but the whole problem with stuff like that is the intent versus impact, you know what I mean, Pete? And I just don’t think we were very pleased with the impact of seeing your balls.
PW: Yeah, you know, I guess I didn’t think about that.
DR: Pete? It’s gonna be a no from me too, dog.
PW: Okay, well.
P: Well, looks like this is the end of the road.
PW: It’s just been a really hard couple of months for me, I’ve been really depressed.
Z: Hey man, we’ve all got problems.
PW: And I’ve got this screaming pain from my testicles.
P: Why don’t you go to the doctor?
PW: Come on guys! Come on Tech Wizard! You gotta let me join, I ain’t got nothing in my life! I ain’t got nothing!
GR: He gets down on his knees and he starts crying super hard.
TW: Pete! Pete, buddy.
PW: It’s just -- I just don’t know what life is gonna bring for me.
DR: This is --
Z: We gotta go!
TW: Pete, we gotta go. You have my number, right?
Z: This is sad.
GR: He’s crying too hard to hear you.
DR: Hey buddy, get back in your car, man. This is Lakeshore drive.
P: Yeah! You say you’ve got nothing, but you’ve got a car and you’ve got this.
ES: And she goes, with like two nuyen.
GR: And he catches it, and he looks at it and he says:
PW: Hey, thanks!
MM: Dak reaches in his pocket and pulls out a crushed comm link that he sat on and has been broken in his pocket for a long time.
DR: Hey buddy, have this, alright?
PW: Wow
Z: You can contact us at any time through that comm link.
PW: I’m definitely going to be calling you guys sometimes.
TW: Okay, Pete?
CT: And he gives -- Tech Wizard gives him an apprehensive hug and is like:
TW: Hey man, just keep it together, okay?
PW: I was really serious about hearing gangs all in and around this city saying that they wanted Dak Rambo dead.
DR: Did they say why they wanted Dak Rambo dead?
PW: Oh well, I heard you were responsible for basically two whole gangs being completely, their word was, “genocided”. Just like wiped of the face of the Earth.
Z: Woahhh.
TW: Okay, I helped!
Z: Guys, could I just cut in here for a second. I don’t want to juice this guy for information.
DR: You don’t wanna juice him? Well this was nice, Pete, but where Z goes, sometimes Dak goes, and this is one of those times. Pox?
P: I’m with you.
DR: Tech?
TW: Good seeing you, man.
PW: Good seeing you too. Look me up anytime you want some nunchucks. I’m not actually that good with nunchucks, I just own them.
Z: Seriously man, any time you wanna call us, just hit that comm link.
PW: I’m definitely going to call you guys.
DR: We’re called the Neoscum.
BB: Like and subscribe.
P: Tech, you just hugged that guy, you’re going to need to take a shower.
TW: I don’t need to take a…
DR: We’re going to a street doc, they’ve got medical showers.
TW: He put his balls away.
P: Ew!
Z: Right, yeah, but you don’t want ball fungus all over your body.
P: Just take a shower!
TW: Yeah, but he didn’t rub them --
Z: Imagine testicles, leaping up, out of the skin, rubbing all over your body
P: Yeah! Imagine!
GR: I’m gonna say you guys are having this conversation -- You guys have been talking about this the whole time, and now you’re walking into this building with -- this big apartment building...
MM: Yeah because we got Xanadu and we drove there.
GR: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you’ve just been talking about balls this whole time.
TW: If I was afraid of a little fungus, okay, there are a lot of things I wouldn’t do that I normally do, okay?
P: This is the perfect opportunity for you to take a shower, so why don’t you just do it?
TW: Yeah, I’ll take a shower.
P: Oh, okay.
Z: And clean the robes.
DR: This place is seriously swanky. I did not remember it being this nice last time.
GR: Yeah, this place has got this real nice, old school, 1930s brick, Chicago vibe. And there’s one of those elevators that you have to pull the gate open to get inside. And that’s it, that’s all there is. It’s just a big, clean, 1930s room with a elevator right in the centre.
DR: Do you guys wanna take a selfie in here real quick?
P: Yeah!
DR: We could go put this on Darkmovers for our team picture.
TW: Oh yeah.
P: Yeah, selfie.
DR: Z, can we use your eyeball?
Z: Well yeah, but if we take the selfie with my eyeball then they’re not gonna know that I have an ocular drone, which is like. You wanna know that if you’re gonna hire us.
P: I have a camera. Here, look!
ES: And she --
TW: Priscilla can take it. We’re almost there, right?
Z: Uhh, I don’t wanna -- And the lighting in here is really nice.
GR: Well, you gotta take an elevator.
P: Yeah, but this room is attractive!
DR: The lighting in here is soooo good, oh my god.
P: We look cute. Bloody, really beautiful.
Z: I’m not opposed to taking a picture, I just don’t want people to be like “oh look at this picture, this guy doesn’t have an eye”, and then I’m the shitty person in the group.
P: I have a camera!
DR: Hey Z? There’s no “i” in team.
GR: The elevator comes down and there’s a nice elf lady in a doctor’s get up is there.
PK: Welcome, welcome, street -- shadow street --
DR: Hello.
Z: Are you okay, Priscilla?
PK: Guys, I’m just really tired. I’ve been up for three days straight.
P: Woah.
TW: So have we!
Z: Oh, wow!
DR: Heey, so have we, give or take a week.
PK: Well, can I fix you guys up?
P: Can you?
DR: How about some bullet removal, would be nice? I got shot right here.
Z: Dak’s got a bullet, some of us have just got some normal flesh wounds. Also, is there a place we can crash for the night?
PK: We got a couple of cots in the back, which is to say, up the elevator.
TW: Oh yeah.
PK: And I can certainly fix each of you guys up. It’s gonna be 1000 nuyen a pop.
TW: No problem.
DR: No problem?
TW: We made a shitton of money.
PK: Unless you have insurance?
Z, DR, P, TW: No, no.
DR: No insurance-o.
Z: Not on the books.
ES: Don’t I just -- Doesn’t stun damage go away from sleeping?
GR: Mm hm.
CT: Yeah.
ES: I have to pay 1000 nuyen to sleep? 
P:I have to pay 1000 nuyen to sleep?!
PK: No, you can’t just conk out there for… hundo?
P: Okay, great.
DR: Question: First off, Priscilla? Great to see you again. How are you doing?
PK: I’m good. Tired.
DR: Tired?
PK: Yeah, brain’s just like…
GR: She rolls her eyes in the back of her head and goes:
PK: Blehh.
DK: Blehh.
PK: Yeah. You know. 
DR: I know what you’re saying Priscilla.
PK: Looks like you got the old shootin’ in ya.
DR: Yeah, you know, those bullets really are magnetised to me or something. I guess I have a magnetic personality. My mom used to say that.
PK: Well, you wanna sit down on the couch, and I’ll take those bullets out of ya?
DR: Is it okay if I lay down here?
PK: Yeah, it’s a lay down couch.
CT: Did I miss -- Are they alone right now?
GR: Nope!
MM: No, no, you guys are still here.
ES: We’re just watching.
CT: Okay.
PK: Alright, I’m just gonna -- I got these pliers --
P: Hmm
Z: You don’t have to walk us through all of your tools, Priscilla.
PK: Gotcha!
DR: Wait, you didn’t do it?
PK: No, no, no. That wasn’t it.
DR: That wasn’t it? What the f--? Priscilla…
PK: Okay, here it goes.
DR: Okay.
DR: It didn’t feel like anything?
PK: Took it out. Bullet one.
DR: Oh no, it was delayed! Jefferson! Hancock! 
GR: Alright, you guys are all healed up.
P: Wow!
DR: Priscilla, can you do anything about these… these hemorrhoids?
PK: Yeah.
DR: Is that included in the thousand nuyen? 
PK: Well, what’s your diet like?
DR: Well, I eat a lot of cornmeal.
PK: Mm hm.
DR: I eat a big T-bone steak when I’m lucky. Haven’t been lucky for a while though. Mostly it’s just cornmeal. 
PK: Mm hm.
DR: Aannd, ate some chicken lo mein.
P: Is there a cream or something? Can we get out of here?
GR: Let’s give this Priscilla Kensington thing a bit longer.
DR: Got lucky I found an old couple of tube socks filled with clams.
PK: You ate those?
DR: I didn’t eat the tube sock, Priscilla, I’m not an monster.
DR: That’s my diet, pretty much. And also buttered noodles, buttered noodles, buttered noodles.
P: Mm!
PK: Well why don’t you take -- put a little bit of this powder in the water you drink?
DR: I don’t drink any water. 
PK: In the beer you drink?
DR: Country water.
PK: Country water? 
PK: Yeah, I know what you mean. I’m so tired!
P: This lady looks like she’s gonna pass out.
DR: Alright, well, I’ll stop talking to her then.
Z: No, please do.
P: But she might faint in the midst of it!
DR: Priscilla, I think we’re good now.
PK: Don’t I get to talk to each of you guys for a little bit?
DR: I mean yeah, you can do that. I was just getting the time-to-go sign from my teammates.
PK: Alright, well you can go conk out on those cots.
DR: Cool.
PK: Nice.
DR: Bye.
PK: Bye!
GR: She walks into the elevator and goes up.
DR: Wait, did she not want to talk to each of you guys?
TW: Z, wasn’t she your actual friend?
Z: Uh, I mean I’ve gone to her a bunch of times.
DR: Oh, okay. Was that weird?
Z: Not particularly.
DR: That encounter that we just had with her wasn’t weird?
Z: We walked in at, what? 11:30pm when she was tired?
P: Yeah, but, is that how she always is?
Z: Not usually.
P: Woah. Something’s going on.
Z: Do you guys wanna investigate?
P: Yeah! What’s going on in here?
Z: Let me call her back. She just left ten minutes ago.
BB: Ring ring! Hello?
DR: Wait, you called me, dude!
Z: Oh, my bad. Let me try her number.
ES: Ring ring!
GR: Hello. This is movie phone. If you would like to see “Trainspotting 2: Return of the People Looking at Trains -the Remake” 
DR: Yeah dude. Let’s click yes.
GR: Press key one.
Z: Did somebody fuck with my contacts?
P: Press one!
GR: To see “Space Cadets” --
Z: No! Hang up, hang up. Call Priscilla Kennsington.
ES: Ring ring!
TW: Guys, there’s a whole closet full of pillows over here.
DR: 911, what’s your emergency?
P: What?
Z: Dak, you said that out loud.
PK: Hello, this is Priscilla.
Z: Hey, were we cool in that whole thing that just happened?
PK: Who is this?
Z: This is Z.
PK: Oh, sorry. My phone -- I dropped it in the elevator, it got a big crack.
Z: Oh yeah, yeah. No problem. Yeah, we were just thinking, you seemed kinda out of it, normally you’re not that out of it.
PK: Yeah. I’m pretty out of it.
Z: Do you need help? Or is this just a bad week or something?
PK: Just gotta sleep. I’ve been awake for so long. Awake just feeding my pet snake.
Z: Okay.
PK: It’s sick right now.
Z: Well you didn’t feel like you needed to talk to each individual member of our group before you went to sleep?
PK: Well I offered it, but it didn’t seem like you guys were into it.
Z: You seemed really tired and -- I don’t know. Look, if you’ve gotta sleep, you gotta sleep. But if you wanna come talk we’re all gonna be here, and we’ll probably stay up for 20 minutes just chatting anyways, so.
PK: Okay.
DR: Hey guys?
Z: One sec. One sec, Dak, I’m on the phone.
DR: Sorry.
Z: Okay, we’ll see you later.
PK: Okay, bye.
DR: Do you guys want -- ?
Z: What was that Dak?
DR: Hey guys? Do you guys wanna -- maybe we could all push our cots together and sleep in a big dog pile?
TW: Yes, yes!
P: Sleep in -- I was gonna say a dog pile. That’s Tech’s dream.
TW: Well, yeah exactly. Last time I wanted to sleep in a giant pile, no one was into it, but suddenly, we’re all covered in blood and bruises and everybody’s a little keener on getting cosy.
P: Now I know you better, and I’m not --
Z: That is true.
P: And I’m not really afraid anymore.
TW: Aw, well thanks.
Z: Also, did you take a shower, Tech, or are you still covered in fungus nuts?
P: Oh, you’re gonna take a shower, or I’m not laying anywhere.
DR: Tech is in that corner. If anyone wants to join the Dak pile, hop aboard.
CT: Tech’s in a refreshing shower right now. He comes out, time has passed, he feels excellent.
ES: And Pox is jumping on the bed.
CT: On the cots?
BB: Z looks --
ES: But she’s very light bodied so it doesn’t hurt anybody. She’s like, and no one notices.
CT: Tech tries, and it totally snaps and breaks.
BB: Z turns to Tech and he goes:
Z: Uhh, I think you missed a spot.
TW: What?
Z: Yeah, look on your shoulder. It looks like a little bit more of the fungus, right guys?
P: Oh my god! What is that, ew?
TW: There’s no fungus! It’s a birthmark! Don’t be weird.
Z: Get back in there, buddy.
TW: It’s a birthmark, I can’t wash it off.
MM: I wish I didn’t just arbitrarily decide Dak was asleep right now, and I wish I could come to your aid, buddy.
Z: No, I think you’ve really got to take another shower, Tech.
TW: It’s a birthmark.
P: I was just joking, but I didn’t even see the birthmark. Sorry.
P: Go back and shower.
Z: Just take one more quick shower.
CT: He showers again. He comes out.
ES: He showers again.
BB: Everyone’s asleep now.
CT: Everyone’s asleep.
GR: Separately.
CT: Yeah. Tech Wizard curls up in a ball in his broken cot, falls asleep, and the sun rises, we here the --
TW: Alright, I’m up!
ES: And now we’re playing Peggle.
GR: Alright, everyone wakes up. And Priscilla Kensington comes down.
PK: Phew! That was a great sleep, I feel really good now.
TW: Me too. You sleep here too?
PK: Yeah, I got a place upstairs. It’s a very nice house, you know. I’m a street doctor. Take care of people when they’re feeling sick. That’s the Priscilla Kensington way.
GR: And she puts her finger up in the air.
DR: I’m a Shadowrunner and I take care of my team and I always get the payload. That’s the Dak Rambo way.
Z: Yeah, hello?
GR: The door -- someone’s knocking on the door
P: Hello?
BB: Zenith walks over to the door, opens it, and then says:
Z: Hello?
GR: Okay. Who should be there but a po-lice officer?
DR: Ooh.
GR: Who’s a lady.
Z: Hi, how can I help you?
GR: A forty-something, very pretty orc lady.
MM: Dak comes over to where Z is opening the door.
Z: Oh hey Dak, what’s up?
MM: Looks over the shoulder.
SG: Hello Dak.
DR: Hello, Shirley Guzman.
SG: Fancy seeing you in this town. Again.
DR: Somehow you always seem to catch me with my pants off.
MM: Dak’s pants are off.
SG: I wish I could say that this was not a familiar sight.
DR: Aw, you don’t mean that Shirley.
SG: I do.
Z: Hi, I’m Zenith. I’m one of Dak’s friends.
SG: Pleasure. I don’t suppose you folks were involved in that tussle between those truckers?
DR: Would someone involved with a tussle between those truckers say “What tussle?”?
P, Z, TW: What tussle?
TW: No, literally, what tussle?
P: We don’t know.
Z: Some of us were not privy to this information.
P: Excuse me, Shirley, right? Is it?
DR: Yeah, Shirley Guzman, officer of the law.
P: Should I address her as such? Shirley Guzman, officer of the law? How can we help you?
SG: I was hoping I could maybe take you guys out for breakfast.
DR: Shirley, hold on. What’s the catch?
SG: No catch. I just wanted to give you the low down on the city, and maybe say goodbye one last time.
BB, CT: Woahh.
DR: How did you know we were here?
SG: Well let’s just say a little birdie told me that a certain someone was checking out a certain prominent street doctor.
DR: Birdie Epstein the Snitch?
SG: Yeah, it was Birdie Epstein the Snitch.
DR: I oughta slug him. Well it looks like you already caught us, Shirley, so I guess we’re gonna get pancakes. Is that cool?
TW: Yeah?
Z: Yeah, are we going somewhere that serves pancakes?
DR: Nope, but we gotta make them ourselves.
ES: Pox has just been staring at Dak this entire time, wondering if he is doing okay since he nearly cried, but didn’t exactly cry when he was talking about Shirley Guzman, and she can see that he is sweating on his brow. But she can't really tell how else he’s feeling.
MM: And then Dak looks at Pox and says:
DR: Pox, I am alright, okay? I’m gonna get through this.
P: Are you okay?
DR: Yeah.
P: Yeah?
DR: Shirley? I gotta put my pants on. Do you wanna go pay for our breakfast, or whatever you’re gonna do?
SR: Yeah, I’ll meet you at the diner, Dinkles, down the street.
DR: Great.
CT: Phew-ey! This is an episode!
MM: Would you believe it? The episode is flying by.
CT: Flying by, zoom, zoom, and I tell ya what. I can’t wait, personally, to find out what happens next.
GR: Well I’ll tell you what’s happening now. 
MM: What’s that?
GR: We have two of the hottest, most happening Neoscum fans, aka scummers, aka scumbags here in the studio right now. Casey, ask me who they are.
CT: Hey. Gannon, who are these sweet, hot fans?
GR: Let me tell you, Casey. These are my parents!!
CT: Oh my god!
GR: They’re my parents! My mommy and my dad are in the studio.
MM: These are the people who are wearing these dark black hoods?
GR: Yes! You may now take it off, cloaked ones!
MR: They’re very fashionable.
CT: Oh wow, they’re even more glorious.
GR: Why don’t you guys introduce yourselves?
MR: I’m Momma Reedy.
PR: I’m Papa Reedy.
CT: I love that!
ES: Ooh, Momma and Papa Reedy.
GR: I know them as such! Those are their names! Those are my names!
BB: I looked at their drivers’ license, and those are verified.
MM: We are Friend Reedy, numbers one through…
ES: Four.
BB: Well, I’m number eight, but -- One through three, and then eight.
GR: Yo, guys, what’s up? Hey, Momma Reedy?
MR: Hey, Son Reedy?
GR: True or false? You like this podcast.
MR: I love this podcast.
GR: Okay.
MR: It’s ridiculous.
CT: I’m sorry, that wasn’t the format of the question. I’m so sorry.
MM: You need to say true of false.
MR: I can’t say true or false. It’s just not enough.
CT: That was a trick question. You pass!
GR: You passed.
ES: You passed, yay!
GR: You -- You like it, right? Jesus Christ! I’m tryna like --
MR: My son needs validation. Yes! I love this podcast.
ES: You gotta bring your mom on this podcast.
MR: I like all of y’all at the table.
BB: Listeners, if you’re wondering, Gannon has never been so self conscious than this recording session.
GR: Yeah, most of the time I’m wearing sunglasses, blasting the huge circles of green, but today I am red faced like a meek, eight year old, British child.
CT: And you have pee in your pants and a helicopter beanie on your head.
GR: I do.
MM: Wow. I didn’t know there was pee in his pants until just now.
CT: No, it’s reached the floor over here.
MM: We’re here in the pocket dimension. The One Shot recording studio space filling rapidly with pee.
GR: Filling up with pee!
P: Listen! Splish, splish! That’s the sound of my foot in the puddle of pee.
BB: I’ve got a question, if we can do one of those?
CT: Yeah, let’s do an interview.
BB: But first, lemme talk about how much pee is in the pocket dimension.
MR: And you wonder why I love this podcast.
BB: It’s funny you say that because that is exactly what I wanted to ask you. What do you like about the podcast? What’s something you enjoy about it?
MR: Well, I’m probably really 12 years old in a 56 year old’s body, so my inner twelve year old is always very satisfied by some of the pee and poop jokes, I’m gonna be straight with you. But I like that it takes me into some place entirely different, so.
PR: I really enjoy the interplay between the characters, because that has grown over time, and you get a sense of who these people are. You know, at first you’re looking for plot and linear development, and then it’s just like, no, you just get on the truck with these crazy people and go where they go.
BB: That is an amazing answer, thank you so much.
CT: Can I ask a question?
BB: Mike, what do you think? Can Casey ask a question?
MM: I’m gonna have to decline. Casey, hold on to that question. Eleni, do you have a question?
ES: Yeah, I have a question. I’m gonna ask it. So since you’re -- This is very special. You’re Gannon’s parents. That is really a unique relationship that nobody else has with Gannon, so… I would love to know maybe a memory that you have of Gannon of when he was younger. Something that maybe showed you who he was going to be when he was little?
MR: Well, he and his brother, Raymond, used to sit in the back seat of the car, and they played a game called “What’s your name, what’s your...!”
GR: Occupation
MR: Occupation! And it kinda drove us parents crazy because Raymond would say “My name is Joe Monster and I am a trucker” and then Gannon would make up a huge story about who Joe Monster was, and basically, it would usually end up with the trucker killing someone in a very terrible and bloody way. While Kylie, the sister, would sit off on the side and think the bigger thoughts than the brothers did.
MM: Can I just say that Joe Monster is completely innocent of all crime? Dak can vouch for Joe Monster, he’s a great guy, and a good coach of the Oregon Ducks, a football team for a little brief time in 2055. Now, I really am worried about Casey asking a question. Casey, please ask the goddamn question.
BB: Casey, you can come back in the room and ask the question if you want.
CT: Okay, I’m back in.
MM: Take the black hood off please.
CT: What I wanna know is, can Gannon Reedy answer a question? Or ask a question?
GR: Can I? Is that your question?
CT: Mm hm.
BB: Man, you really wasted your question.
GR: I was gonna say, in these sorts of situations, it’s always good to just have a plethora of embarrassing stories about a known person in this thing, so if you have any embarrassing stories about me, you are welcome to just drop them into the mic right now.
PR: Oh, I can’t remember if you’ve ever…
GR: Because I’ve never had one, motherfuckers!!!
GR: What’s up?! I’m watching you! My enemies, you’re on watch! Parents love me! I’m coming for you!!
CT: I wanna hear what you have to say.
PR: He just embarrassed the hell out of me.
GR: Respect the father I will never be better than. 
CT: Well guys, I think this was excellent, this was awesome. I wanna say for our listeners in the podcast, the full version of this interview will be available as a piece of One Shot network Patreon bonus content, so if you are a Patreon supporter and have access to the bonus content, we will release this full interview as part of that.
BB: It will be in the secret archives.
GR: Get your head right, give the money up. Get the Patreon!
CT: And with that, do the Reedys have one parting word of wisdom?
MR: You can do the word of wisdom.
PR: I’ve really enjoyed being able to come here and watch the five of you work together. Your generosity of spirit, it’s really fun. What you’re doing is great. Keep up the good work. 
MR: I second that. Go Scummers!
GR: Alright, now we’re gonna go give these guys crow tattoos. See ya later!! Okay, so let’s just. You guys are sitting around a big table.
SG: Dak, Dak, Dak. You can’t just keep coming back to this city. It’s dangerous for you here.
DR: I wouldn’t have come back if it wasn’t for my friend Tech Wizard. He does a show and we had to get him to filming. And if there’s one thing about Dak Rambo that’s true, he’ll do anything for those that he loves.
TW: Hey. Thanks man.
DR: It’s not about you right now, Tech, so shut up.
TW: Okay, sorry.
SG: Dak, you missed that opportunity when you fled town without calling me back.
DR: The reason I fled town was because I was very scared that some men were going to kill Dak.
TW: To be fair, I was mixed up in that, and it was a pretty bad sitch. We barely escaped with our lives, I would say. 
SG: Well. Whatever the weight of it was, you got Lonestar mad at you, you’ve got three prominent gangers, the Snakes, the Wheats, and the Dragon… Men.
DR: Wait a second, the Dragon Men? The Dragon Men are mad at me after everything I’ve done for them?
SG: Absolutely furious.
Z: Hey Shirley? Can I just ask a quick clarifying question? When they talk about how they gotta kill Dak Rambo and he’s the worst, or whatever, do they ever go like “and he’s got all these friends that we’re also going to kill” or is it localised to just Dak Rambo?
SG: It’s definitely everyone they’re involved with. And did I hear that you were roughin’ up some truckers yesterday?
DR: That was self defence, the guy came out and he started to do a spell, because, guess what, he was a warlock trucker, and I shot him in the head right as he was about to spew some fire at me.
SG: Dak, I’m just so goddamn worried about you. I just -- I’m just worried about you. You get into trouble everywhere you go, you make enemies with everyone you meet, and then you run away before you can face up to the consequences. You can’t keep running forever, Dak.
DR: What do you mean? You want me to settle down? You want a picket fence, and nice house in the suburbs Shirley?! You want kids?!
SG: I don’t know! Dak I just --
DR: Bioscience is good, but it’s not that good. We’re past our prime, Shirley!
SG: Maybe I just want a better life for you.
DR: And what about you, Shirley?
SG: I’ve got a good life here.
DR: You’ve got a good life working for Johnny Law? Making sure that everyone’s kissing the butt of the mayor?
SG: I can make Johnny Law better. I can make this city better.
DR: You keep on working inside the system, and I’mma keep on doing what Dak Rambo does best, which is keep on truckin down the highway of life with the Demon’s smile and a wild child bride. Tech! Is that funny to you?
TW: No, I just --
DR: I thought I was getting pretty damn poetic.
Z: Tech, you really can’t laugh after he says stuff like that.
TW: I just wanted to say, Dak, it sounded like you were riffing there, and it was real cool. But it was one of those moments where maybeeee --
DR: It didn’t mean anything?
TW: Well maybe we said something we didn’t mean?
DR: What didn’t I mean?
P: “Wild child bride”
Z: “Wild child bride” you didn’t mean? Or just a totally random thing that doesn’t mean anything?
DR: What does that mean? I honestly don’t know what that means. Shirley, do you know what that means?
SG: A “wild child ride”? I don’t --
TW: No, “bride”. He said “child bride”.
MM: We’re all laughing. No, no, no, no. Dak doesn’t have a wild child bride.
Z: Yeah, I also don’t think it’s fair to ask Shirley to define all the crazy terms that you come up with, Dak.
P: And we really shouldn’t bring feral children into this.
DR: Yeah, yeah.
SG: Dak, I just wanted to say: Next time I find you in this city, I gotta put you behind bars.
GR: And she looks away.
MM: Dak Rambo’s eyes get really wide, and in a playful smile he goes:
DR: I think Dak would like that. Shirley?
Z: I don’t think it’s a sex thing, Dak.
DR: No, trust me.
SG: Dak. Here’s the money for the pancakes.
GR: She throws some nuyen on the table.
SG: I guess I won’t be seeing you around.
GR: And she turns around and walks out of the diner.
Z: That was pretty cool. The way she did that.
P: I like her.
Z: Yeah.
DR: Yeah. I like her too. I loved -- I love her.
P: Dak, you’re just so --
TW: We can’t listen to her, man. I’ve had fun on the road but we live in Chicago. We’ve got to straighten this shit out.
DR: I don’t understand what she wants. She wants me to stay, she wants me to go. She wants me to not have a wild child ride. She wants me to not have a wild child ride, as if I even know what that means!
P: It sounds like -- Dak.
TW: It sounds like you’re saying child bride again.
DR: I’m not saying that.
P: She definitely doesn’t want you to have a wild child bride.
MM: Neither does Dak! Dak never said that.
P: But what it really sounds like is she doesn’t want you… to be… yourself.
TW: I think she also means that people are searching for us, and I just wanna say, again, Dak is high profile, I totally admit that.
DR: Thank you.
Z: And the rest of us could probably strike out on our own and do okay.
TW: The rest of us except for the guy in the identifiable wizard robes who is alongside him as he inadvertently kinda took out two entire gangs and made enemies with the city. 
Z: Well, Tech --
TW: Listen! My fucking grandmother lives here. I have to go check up on her.
Z: Tech?
TW: Hold on, Z. It has been fun hanging with you guys, but Chicago is my fucking home. Dak, we have to do something about this, okay? If you ever want to earn the love of that beautiful woman who I have never seen you so passionate about somebody like that before. And you sow your wild oats like a mad man. But those roots run deep, I can tell on your face. And I wanna stay here because this is my home. Then, we need to do something!
Z: Tech, I think we all know exactly what you’re saying, so yeah. I think we all agree, it’s time for you to get different wizard robes. That way no one will recognise us on the street.
TW: It’s not happening. It’s not happening, okay?
DR: Woahh.
Z: That’s what we’re all talking about. We need to --
P: That’s like saying you need to change your face because they’re gonna recognise his face, they’re gonna recognise me.
Z: Right, but that makes a lot less sense than just him buying brand new wizard robes.
P: Yeah. You need to buy some new robes.
TW: Do you guys think I just fucking bought these robes? You think I just fucking went down to the magician shop at the corner and --
Z: Okay, there’s no reason to swear at me. It was a perfectly realistic suggestion
P: Where did you get them? 
TW: You’re right, I’m sorry.
P: Where did you get them?
DR: Do you guys wanna take a wild child ride down to the magician shop and get some robes?
TW: These were my dad’s robes. My dad and my mom were prominent wizards who were fucking killed for practising magic, okay?
Z: My god.
TW: They were fucking geeked for being mages alright? Because that’s what people think. And the fact of the matter is I could run, like I do from every single thing, and not wear these fucking robes, and pretend that I can’t do what I can do. Or, I could honor my goddamn family with the last thing I have of them that really speaks to who I am, who they made me to be, okay?
Z: Do your mom’s robes look different from your dad’s robes?
TW: Z!
Z: I’m sorry, I’m just -- I think that it would really help.
P: I was gonna say I think you could still keep the robes forever and ever and maybe, um. Your story’s really beautiful, but if you’re saying that, that’s a big part of the problem is that you’re recognisable then, I don’t know.
TW: I’m not abandoning Chicago for good, and I’m not abandoning these robes.
DR: He’s not taking the robes off, alright? 
Z: Okay.
DR: And Z? Why don’t you, I don’t know, not have a cool robotic eye and a Z scar that is your namesake? And Pox, you’ve got that sweet jacket, and you look cool as hell, and anyone walking down the street is going to say “Who the hell’s that?”
P: I know. It’s a problem. It’s actually a negative quality that I have.
DR: Yeah!
Z: Yeah, that’s also -- My Z shaped scar is also a negative quality that I have.
TW: And these robes are also a negative quality that I have.
DR: And my personality is my negative quality!
TW: And the fact of the matter is that when all four of us have this negative quality together.
P: It’s amazing.
TW: Yes! Because suddenly people fear us! Because suddenly -- guys, we’re Neoscum, right? We established that.
DR: We established it. We have a fricking wild child ride that says Neoscum on the side.
P: Yeah!
TW: We don’t run, we don't change who we are, we fight back! To a fault sometimes.
DR: Sometimes we do change who we are. You were Fist Wizard, I Was Doctor Zephian Wongburger , Skullkid…
Z: Skullkid, yeah.
P: Mustachio! That was really fun.
TW: Not permanently, not permanently.
DR: I’m Mustachio now. I found a mustache.
Z: Dak, that’s really not cool.
P: What?
Z: You just kinda took one of those identities that we made and then stole it. And I just worry that if we’re gonna set the precedent of that --
DR: One of my identities is the Identity Thief. It’s one of my most lucrative jobs as a Shadowrunner. Stealing people’s IDs.
P: I mean, if you wanna be Mustachio, I will be Zeph Wongburger.
MM: Alright, now Dak’s got a taste of his own medicine and -- 
Z: It’s not great is it?
DR: Daddy wants more. This is my character the Medicine -- the Medicine Eater. 
P: The Medicine Eater?
Z: But real quick guys, let’s just talk about this for a second. Earlier we were saying that we’ve got every gang in Chicago. I don’t know if we’re going to be able to just straight up resolve that issue without -- I mean coz we were talking about, let’s get in everybody’s good graces. I mean, everytime we do something like that, we just end up killing everybody who’s coming after us. Do you think we could take out every gang in Chicago?
DR: There’s gotta be --
P: Definitely!
DR: There’s gotta be a smart way to go about this.
Z: Okay, we’ve got one vote for smart way and one vote for take out everyone in Chicago, so, Tech Wiz, do you wanna break this tie?
P: What was your vote?
Z: I’ll go with whatever the group decides.
P: Okay!
TW: Ohhh, okay, very convenient, I guess it’s on the Tech Wizard then.
Z: Alright.
P: I know! We are the good guys. At the end of the day, we are the good ones. We’re standing up for what’s right, which is us and ourselves.
Z: But no one’s ever going to come up to you like “By the way, you guys aren’t the good guys, you guys are the bad guys”.
DR: And don’t you think --
P: No! Because then they’ll get punched in the face!!
DR: Don’t you think Lil Marco said he’s the good guy of his own story?
Z: But that guy’s definitely a bad guy.
TW: He’s a bad guy.
P: He’s really -- He’s bad.
DR: Guys, here’s the shit. We got the Snakes, we got the Wheats, and we got the Dragon Men, who I formerly thought were good friends of mine, a great triad. A really good triad...
Z: Real solid.
DR: A really solid triad. And I’m friends from a lot of those guys. But now I’m hearing from Shirley, and I’m hearing from Pete, I’m hearing that there’s a lot of gangs that want us, and we’ve got a death race tomorrow. I don’t know if we’re still going to that. I don’t know if that’s out the window.
Z: Where is the death race?
DR: Like some lube.
Z: Let me check the location.
GR: Okay, you check it. It’s today. It’s at 10am today. What time is it right now?
MM: Wait, it’s at 10am?
GR: You guys are supposed to meet at the place at 10am. What time is it right now?
BB: Uhh, early in the morning? I’m gonna say -- 
CT: 11:30!
GR: Did you guys think it was like 11:30?
CT: Yeah?
MM: What kind of death race -- this must be a minor --
BB: Definitely Z did not get up at the crack of dawn to go anywhere.
GR: So let’s say it’s 11:30.
CT: To be fair, we were supposed to lose those death races, and I think we did a pretty good job.
BB: Can I just real quickly pull up the date and time, and Zenith doesn’t initially actually say anything. He literally just pulls it up, realises that they’re sitting in the restaurant -- 
GR: That you guys are an hour and a half late for your death race
BB: We’re already an hour and a half late.
TW: Fuck!
BB: He just closes the window and then calmly is just like:
Z: Hey guys? Hate to stall the conversation on how to figure out this gang thing, but! The death race started an hour and a half ago.
DR: Well.
P: So it’s very probably over?
Z: No, so the only way we’re gonna win is if we all get in Xanadu and fucking fly to the race.
TW: I tell you what. I don’t know much about death races, but they’re not six hours long.
Z: We can take -- an hour and a half lead is not that much. We can totally catch up.
DR: Z!
P: I see the twinkle!
GR: Dak Rambo, your comm starts vibrating.
DR: Uh oh, time to take my gun out and shoot this.
MM: I’m just playing. I answer it.
DR: Hellllloo! Dak Rambo’s my name, and wild child ride is my game.
Lil Marco (LM): Where. Are. You? I just got a call that a certain somebody was supposed to be at a death race for the check in, and by the way can you guess who this is? It’s Big Marco! From Big Marco’s --
DR: You didn’t give me a chance to guess and I don’t like games which are over before I can even get my teeth in them!
Z: Yeah, give it to him, Dak!
DR: Hey, let me tell you something, Big Marco. We’re not gonna be at your death race today, because I’m super sick. Now who feels like a schmuck? You ever had a real bad head cold? I got a Shadowrunner of a head cold.
LM: What the fuck are you talking about!?!?! What are you ever talking about!?
DR: What are you ever talking about? Always talking out of your ass -- The city of Indianapolis --
LM: I -- oooooh!! I do not talk -- I do not talk out of my ass! I never talk out of my ass. I talk out of my mouth! I talk out of my big mouth that’s high up on my head. I’m big! And you get a load of this: Did you kill a trucker named Beans?!
DR: Did I kill a trucker named Beans? No. He killed himself. 
LM: Okay.
DR: He signed his own damn death warrant.
LM: Ohh, okay. Coz that’s not what the League of Truckers is saying.
DR: I honestly could give two nuyen about what the League of Truckers thinks. Because those guys are a bunch of big old wage slaves --
LM: Oh, ho ho ho.
DR: Sitting at a desk, scheduling trucking appointments, and letting the drones do all of the hard work. Well guess what? I’m a real, red blooded trucker.
LM: Dak, I should have never trusted you from the beginning. From the beginning! I have gone out of my way to save your ass, to get you off of that black list, and then all of a sudden, the person who got you on the blacklist -- you put a bullet in their goddamn head?
BB: At this point in the conversation, Pox, Tech Wizard, and Zenith have completed a two foot tower of those little creamer cups on the dining table.
MM: Dak is also silently participating in this.
BB: Like helping out? Just screaming on the phone?
MM: He’s just handing creamers to people that are the builders.
CT: And let’s be clear, Big Marco is yelling loud enough that we all can hear.
BB: Yeah, absolutely.
MM: And it’s on speaker phone too.
GR: Yeah, everyone can hear. Everyone in the diner is perfectly silent, looking over at your table.
MM: Ooh, there’ a soccer team that is -- they had an early game in the morning and they came out for breakfast afterwards. They came up for breakfast afterwards and they’re all sitting quietly, just listening to Big Marco talk about how he's gonna skull fuck me and all that shit.
BB: There's a kid drinking a milkshake and he’s done the thing where it’s all the way at the bottom and you can just hear the straw sucking at nothing.
MM: That kid is a little orangutan boy.
LM: Listen to me Dak. If I catch you in Indianapolis again, you’re dead. You’re gone. You’re done, okay?
DR: Lil Marco?
LM: I gave you your shot, you blew it. You blew it. I shoulda never trusted you. This is it, okay? And good luck getting away from the League of Truckers because you thought it was bad being blacklisted? You’re redlisted now. That’s kill on sight.
TW: Wait, what?
DR: Before you hang up! Before you hang up, Big Marco.
Z: Eh, he hung up.
DR: I’m gonna be at your next death race whether you like it or not, and I’m gonna win that goddamn death race --
TW: Well…
DR: -- and I’m gonna take that prize money, and I’m gonna set it on fire while I make eye contact with you. And you are gonna break eye contact first. Oooh I hear that nice falsetto laugh.
LM: Ohhh! I’m gonna be so ready for you. I’m gonna be so ready for you it’s gonna be delicious watching you die.
DR: Hey, Lil Marco, how’s your sister Marge doing? She ever ask about me?
LM: You didn’t.
DR: Smell my finger. Smell my finger. It was beautiful.
LM: You told me you two didn’t do anything that night in the cabin. You said you guys were just playing jacks.
Z: Oh my god.
DR: Ohh, we were playing Daks.
CT: Oooooh no!
P: Daks, dicks.
Z: Okay, you gotta go out on that one Dak. Hang up! Hang up dude.
LM: I’m gonna fu --
GR: Do you hang up?
MM: No.
LM: --cking kill you! I’m gonna -- Here’s what I’m gonna do --
DR: This is so like us. Marco come on.
LM: I’m gonna open up. I’m about to say something disgusting. I’m gonna open up your throat --
DR: Come on, dude.
LM: -- and I’m gonna stick my fist in it --
DR: Don’t say that. Don’t say that, dude.
LM: -- reach into your brain and pull your brain out of your throat. Stick it into your butt. Stick it into your butt.
DR: Uh huh.
GR: There’s a cut to kid at the soccer table like, tears running down his face.
LM: I’m gonna put it in your butt!
DR: Okay, keep talking.
LM: Inside of that butt of yours.
BB: And we’re signing the cheque.
LM: Your dead butt. And that Tech Wizard guy’s dead too!
TW: Wait, wait, wa-
DR: Wanna get some zings in?
TW: Yeah, put me on. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
LM: Hey, what’s up? What’s up, I hope you have a nice plot, filled out for your funeral.
TW: Marco, Marco buddy, listen.
DR: Polo, Polo.
BB: There’s a souvenir store next to the restaurant, and so we’ve walked out and Z has lead the group into the store, going through the aisles and this phone conversation still happening.
TW: Marco, buddy listen. I just want to say, buddy. Can I just say --
LM: Tossing your body into a goddamn meat grinder.
TW: Can we talk here for a second? Can we talk here for a second? I just wanna say. You little, shrimp dick motherfucker, guess what? You are Lil Marco, you’ve always been Lil Marco, and when I chop you in half with a phantom fist, there’s gonna be two Lil Marcos. One is gonna be the top, one is gonna be the bottom. And they’re gonna beeeeeeee -- Oh baby, they’re gonna be the littlest pieces of you you’ve ever seen, because I’ve got the number of every fucking fighter in that ring.
DR: Yes.
TW: And they are my friends. And I’m gonna tell you something, buddy. We’re coming for you, and we’re coming for every gang in Chicago. We are Neoscum.
DR: Z and Pox. That was fucking cool. Z and Pox, you guys wanna quickly get some threats in?
P: Yeah, give me the phone.
Z: Yeah, give it to Pox.
DR: Great job, Tech.
TW: Thanks.
P: Z, talk in with me but not at the same time.
GR: He hung up.
DR: Awww.
P: What the fuck?
DR: It’s okay! I’ll pretend to be him. “Uhh, hey, I don’t like you guys. Mm”
P: This doesn’t feel good! I wanna yell at the nasty, bad man.
DR: I’m calling him back up. Fuck --
Z: Oh no, sorry ma’am. We weren’t really planning on buying anything. I’m sorry.
ES: Pox has pocketed one of those little wooden things that has a magnet mirror on the side, with a top that spins, but floats horizontally.
BB: So it’s pretty big?
ES: Yeah, it’s relatively big. It’s probably hand sized.
CT: Tech sees that and he lays a 10 nuyen piece on the counter as you guys walk out.
ES: And Pox takes the 10 nuyen piece.
CT: Tech does not see that.
BB: And there’s clearly a price tag next to it that says that it’s 90 nuyen.
TW: Guys, so I think maybe our only option is to go with Pox’s plan.
Z: You guys really don’t wanna --
P: Kill! Kill everyone who’s bad to us, they’re not nice. We’re gonna smack them!
TW: I don’t know what to do because we are wanted everywhere. And I’m sorry for you guys, but you're wrapped up in this just as much.
Z: We really don’t want to go head up this death race? What if we come flying in?
P: We could make it up to that guy.
DR: It took four hours to go there and that was when --
Z: It’s not in Indianapolis. Where is the -- Let me pull up the location of this death race. Where’s it at?
MM, CT, GR: Indianapolis.
Z: Hey guys, it looks like it’s in Indianapolis. Shit. I’m gonna close that out.
TW: What are we gonna do?
DR: I don’t know. My truck took some damage from those robo-bison.
TW: Fuck!
Z: Oh, those robo-bison. I remember those.
DR:I got great surround sound and beautiful white leather seats and a nut button. But besides that, I don't know what to tell ya. Look, there’s a garage nearby called Frankie Fix Your Car, but I’m kinda enemy number one there too.
Z: Well, do you guys just wanna pull up Darkmovers and see if there’s a gig in the area?
P: Yeah. Is there anywhere that’s safe? Is there anywhere that people don’t hate you Dak, or Tech? Tech, I’ve never seen you get that angry, I’m sorry Z, I interrupted you.
Z: Oh, no worries.
TW: I suddenly feel very bad about that and don’t know if I can back it up, but it was fucking incredible.
GR: Let me just say, back knowledge for you, Dak Rambo. That he hung up without attempting a last word is a sign that that guy is furious beyond compare.
P: I think that maybe it’s in our best interests to go find Lil Marco and kill him and take over his entire empire.
DR: Pox, can we talk for a second about how there are masked Tom Clancy dudes who are trying to find you and kidnap you?
P: This I know.
Z: Yeah, let’s take a sec.
DR: You us want to go back and put a bullet in my ex-friend’s head? 
TW: I don’t think we should go looking for trouble with Marco, but, if it comes down to it, we know what we have to do.
DR: You guys! I can't believe old Dak Rambo didn’t generate this idea yet. When the going gets tough, normally I go on a vacation. Do you guys wanna go on a vacation?
P: Yeah.
Z: You got a place in mind?
DR: A beach bungalow in LA, City of Angels.
P: Wow.
Z: That’s only 30 hours by car away.
TW: I mean, it would be nice to get the heat off us for a while, kinda regroup.
DR: Tech, you wanna be a movie star? Grant Junctal said “Hey! If you’re ever in LA, give me a call.”
P: You wanna get the heat on!
Z: Didn’t he say that?
DR: He said that to me on the way -- when I came in the -- whatever. The building with all the cameras.
Z: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Z: Well maybe they have a wizard hating program out in LA you could do.
TW: Actually, they’re pretty tolerant and cool out in LA, as long as you’re good looking, so --
DR: And the space weed is super cheaper. It’s legal there too, but it’s just --
Z: It’s legalized there. Extra legal.
DR: Extra legal, my man.
TW: They give it out with -- in mugs for promotional items.
Z: Have you ever been to LA, Tech?
TW: I read a lot about LA on the internet.
P: Have you ever seen a palm tree? I have never --
TW: Have I ever seen --
P: Have you?
TW: I mean, in person?
P: Yeah.
TW: No.
P: Me either. Let’s go.
DR: I got a guy’know down there, Manuel. I mean I know a guy named Manuel.
P: Do you only know one person in LA?
DR: I told you, I got a beach bungalow down there.
P: It’s yours?! Like, it’s yours?
DR: I got keys to a beach bungalow.
Z: Well I say we head out.
P: Yeah!
GR: Between you and LA are numerous different states, with their own political situations. Just -- you can go to LA. You can definitely go to LA.
MM: I have logistics history. I used to make the --
ES: We’ve got a Hollywood dream.
BB: You used to work at a place that did logistics for different companies, right?
MM: No, Dak was the logistics that was done for different companies. But, Mike Migdall? Yeah, Mike Migdall totally used to schedule delivery appointments. 
DR: Look. The city of Chicago doesn’t want us. The city of Indianapolis doesn’t want us. Let’s get the fuck out of here! Do you guys wanna get some snacks for the road?
TW: Let’s get some fricking snacks for the road!
P: I love it!
TW: Hands in!
P: Hands in! 
ES: I’m doing it.
BB: I’m also there, yeah.
TW: On the count of three, what we gonna say?
Z: Let’s all say the person in the group that we think should leave to -- in the case that we would need that to happen.
DR: What?
TW: What?
DR: I’m curious to know who that would be for you, Z? Because it seems like --
P: Just do it on three!
Z: And I’m curious what it would be for you, too.
TW: I’m not playing that game.
P: Yeah, on the count of three.
Z: This would be a fun game to play.
DR: Well you know what? Now it’s a game, and someone explained the rules to Dak and now he understands, I’m down for it.
P: So
P, DR, TW, Z: One, two, three.
P: Myself.
TW: All for one and one for all.
Z: Dak.
DR: Dak Rambo.
P: I said myself.
DR: I said myself!
Z: I said Dak, for sure.
TW: I said not one of us is leaving. No matter what. We’re dying together, and that’s a promise.
DR: You guys? I think it’s time we go to
DR, Z, TW, P: Los Angeles!!!
GR: Camera zooms out of everyone excitedly hopping into Xanadu, and then it zooms all the way in to Big Marco’s Truck Repair Repo Tow and Stow. There are four silhouettes standing around the desk.
LM: There’s a reason I called you four fighters in here today. Kraenor?
K: Yeah, present.
LM: Blintz Klaunoff?
Blint Klaunoff (BK): That’s me!
LM: Wah Sun?
Wah Sun (WS): Yeah?
LM: And Alan Thatcher?
Alan Thatcher (AT): Alright, yes?
LM: I called you in for a sacred and important mission that you're gonna do now that you work for Big Marco.
BK: Anything!
LM: I want you to kill Dak Rrrr -- Hold on. Actually. Aw fuck. Goddammit, why can’t I just say anything cool!? Why can’t I just say one thing cool in one goddamn sentence?!
GR: He’s turned around and he’s got his hand on his temple.
LM: Goddamnit!
AT: I just wanted to say I teach a writing workshop at the community college
LM: Okay.
CT: Kraenor has put his hand on your back and is looking up to the heavens.
LM: Look, I’m big, right? Like, I’m a big guy.
AT: Oh.
LM: Like, I’m a big guy! Look, I’m not the biggest guy but, I take up a room and I’m intimidating.
BK: Honestly, around us you’re pretty small.
WS: You’re big in theory.
AT: Just relative, you know?
BK: I’m a dwarf and you are of medium height as a human!
LM: Okay, okay, okay, okay. I want you four fighters to kill the Neoscum.
WS: Who’s that?
BK: Wait a second. Do you want us to work together? Because he killed my lover.
GR: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
AT: Wait. I didn’t know that.
BK: I ain’t working with this religious troll.
LM: Kraenor killed your lover!
BK: Yeah.
K: I sent Carver to heaven. I said he’d be with the Lord, and I’m sure he’s waiting for you there.
AT: You and Carver were… Together?
BK: We loved each other very much.
AT: But you were also fighters, so, you had to know that something like this might have happened.
BK: All’s fair in love or war.
K: So why did -- I’m a little confused.
AT: So why did --
BK: It doesn’t mean we still don’t hold grudges!
AT: Right.
BK: And who the hell are the Neoscum?
LM: Do you remember those guys who -- the reason you guys are here right now? Those four guys, the wizard who set that guy on fire and threw him through a window.
AT: Ohhh.
WS: The man who drugged me?
LM: Yes, he’s the Fist Wizard.
BK: We all gave him our phone numbers.
AT: They all have our phone numbers.
WS: I’ve never recovered from that time I smoked that guy’s weed.
LM: Now that you mention it, you do look really tired. Do you wanna take a sick leave? Do you wanna?
WS: I’m halfway dead already, I may as well just die.
BB: Eleni’s trying to make this super easy on us.
K: I could perform the rites for you, sister, if you need them.
WS: I think that inevitably, I’m probably going to get killed so I think that’s a safe bet.
LM: Don’t sell yourself short!
AT: Oh my god. Now that is a depressing thing to say!
WS: Why don’t you just tell me -- 
BK: Wah Sun!
WS: Why don’t you just give me my last rites so that I can hear them?
BK: I know what it’s like to feel like you wanna die.
K: Dearly beloved.
WS: I don’t wanna! It’s just that I know it’s inevitable.
BK: When the love of your life is stomped out in front of you. You see their beautiful pumpkin head smashed into a thousand pieces.
AT: What was that guy’s deal, though?
WS: I’m sorry that happened.
BK: What was Carver’s deal?
AT: Right. Like, how was his skin orange?
BK: He had genetic modification to become a pumpkin man.
AT: Oh, so he was literally partially pumpkin?
K: Oh he was genetically modified? In that case, he went straight to hell. I’m sorry, your lover is burning in the fiery abyss.
BK: He didn’t choose to become a pumpkin man!
K: He’s burning.
BK: He didn’t choose to become a pumpkin man!
K: It doesn’t matter. It was chosen for him by the Lord! It was willed!
WS: Wait, are you gonna give me my last rites, or are you going to send me to hell too?
LM: Okay, okay. Do you guys wanna go hunt these Neoscum?
AT: How much are you going to pay us?
BK: Yeah! Yeah, how much is worth your time? Worth our time?
WS: One million bucks! Nuyen bucks!
LM: I’m saying it’s a blank cheque. You’ll be my right hand men, and ladies. I’m talking in big nuyen.
WS: I’ll kill anybody.
LM: I’m talking 500,000 a piece.
BK: I could pay for my student loans.
AT: Alright, I have just one thing that we need from you before we agree to this. And I think I speak for the whole group in this. You have to give us a name.
LM: Henceforth, you will be “The Big Marco… Bangers!”
AT: Alright. I, personally, don’t love it.
LM: The Big Marco Bangers!
BK: Alan Thatcher, I was afraid you were gonna say you loved it. Because guess what? Blintz hates it.
WS: I don’t like it.
AT: You got anything that doesn’t have your name stamped in there? Without you putting your penis down on top of our kill squad’s name?
WS: Bricks!
AT: I like that!
BK: We’re Bricks.
AT: Bricks.
LM: How about the Big Marco Bricks? Can you just have my name on it please?
WS: What about just Big Bricks?
K: The Book of Revelations because we’re burning in old hell.
LM: Why does everyone in my whole life -- my whole life -- argue with me? Even when I try to make a middle point, I get argued with for another ten minutes. I feel like I don’t have conversations except for people arguing with me. Okay, can I just introduce you guys again?
AT: We’ll just go with whatever the next team name is, I think, no matter what.
BK: Yeah, I’m sorry, Big Marco.
LM: You, Kraenor, Blint Klaunoff, Wah Sun, Alan Thatcher, shall henceforth be known as the Big Marco Blasters, and you will bring me the heads of the NeoScum.
AT: I don’t hate “Bangers”.
CT: Can I just go pee real quick?
GR: Yeah.
ES: PP?
CT: I knew it! I knew it!

[EPISODEBREAK12]

GR: Character creation and management tools for NeoScum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf Development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information. Wolf lair. We do roleplaying right. Lights up. And we see an expansive road. An emptiness all around. A Midwest desolation. There’s also a sign that says, “You are now Entering Peoria, Illinois.” 
MM: In the background, way behind us, is the misty outline of Chicago, aka Bug City. 
GR: Chicago, I think, is too far away to… You can’t see Chicago from Peoria. 
MM: It’s too far? 
ES: It’s the misty outline of mist. 
BB: Zenith has been working with Dak Rambo, and essentially, we uploaded an image map. So, on his cyber eyes he sees the faint outline of the Chicago skyline from Peoria, but only because of this overlay. 
CT: To be fair, it’s also the lens we’re using for this hypothetical shot. 
MM: Tilt shift. 
ES: Also, a lot of space weed. 
BB: Oh, an insane camera. 
MM: Oh and another thing. In the future, Chicago’s buildings are way taller. 
CT: Yeah, so you can see it from space. 
BB: Space? 
ES: You can see it. 
MM: It’s actually the largest thing in the universe. Chicago. 
BB: This has been another episode of Why Gannon’s Wrong and We’re Always Right.
MM: Just kidding.
GR: Let’s say the camera is sitting on the road. And there’s an f’d up gecko with two heads that’s just like... And it runs in... Its tongues sticking out. And then it looks up and goes… Runs off screen and... 18 wheels of fury come bumbling down. It’s Xanadu. And we cut to inside the cabin. 
MM: The surround sound is kicking butt right now. 
P: My lover, you gotta get with my friends. 
ES, DR, Z, GR: Make it last forever. Friendship never ends. 
P: If you wanna be my... I love this song. This song is my favorite. 
TW: You know, the one thing I like about our group if I had to ruffle our little feathers—
DR: Can I guess? 
TW: Yeah. 
DR: You love that we’re on the run because we’re being followed by a lot of gangs, the law, and crazy-ass truckers. 
TW: Okay, there are two things I love about our gang. That and the fact that we…
P: we all love candy. 
TW: Okay. Three things. That, candy... 
DR: Yes. Give me another belly bean, Z. 
Z: Bad guys, news. 
P: You ate them all? 
Z: Nope. 
P: Oh? 
Z: You at them all. 
TW: Oh fuck. 
P: No. 
Z: We have no more jelly beans. 
DR: Hold on. What’s that fourth thing that you like about our group? 
TW: We exclusively listen to old music. 
P: Pop music. 
Z: Oh yeah. Totally, yeah. 
BB: At this moment, Zenith decides to take control of the music and plays some very current Shadowrun universe Noise Trap Digital Click Mix. 
GR: So, can you guys explain to the viewers why...Or can we create a sort of, “Oh, why are we going to Peoria?” moment, so we can introduce where you guys are headed? 
MM: I guess we were going to get there in the next 20 minutes just freestyle talking to each other. But the reason why we’re going to Peoria is because it’s the first stop on the trip to Los Angeles, which is where our merry little gang of murderers is going after realizing that there’s no future for them here in the Chicagoland area. 
P: Z, do you have any more jelly beans?
Z: No, guys. I think we’re all out of jelly beans, so I hope we’re getting wherever we’re going soon. 
P: Where are we going? 
DR: We’re going to Peoria, Illinois. 
P: Peoria.
DR: And I can’t believe we’re out of jelly beans. Seriously, check again. 
Z: Unless there’s a compartment I’m not seeing back here. 
P: A secret compartment? 
DR: Open up that compartment right there. 
Z: Already did.
TW: It’s just rattlesnake eggs. I tried one. They’re not jelly beans. 
P: Eww. 
DR: You ate one of those? I was waiting on that to hatch. They got another two weeks. 
TW: Oh brother. 
Z: Wait a minute. We’re outside of Peoria? Why are we in Peoria? 
TW: Are you serious? 
P: What even is Peoria. Peoria. 
DR: Peoria is outside of Chicago and the reason we’re stopping here is because we’ve got to stock up just like the Corps of Discovery did on their mission to the Pacific Northwest. Look, they didn’t just walk with empty pockets to the Pacific Northwest. 
P: We’re going shopping? 
DR: We are going…
DR and P: shopping. 
DR: We’re going to buy guns. We’re going to buy knives. We’re going to get this little puppy all tricked out. Talking about Xanadu, y’all. 
Z: Wait. So you’re saying Peoria has a lot of this stuff? 
DR: Peoria is pretty much the capital of the country of Shadowrun. 
P: Shopping. 
TW: Guys, and there is one thing that you can get in Peoria that you can’t get anywhere else in this fucking madhouse of a nation.
P: What is it? 
DR: He’s going to say drugs. I know it. 
TW: Do you think I’m going to say drugs? 
Z: I think you were going to say some sort of crazy magic juju beans. 
P: I don’t even know what you’re going to say. 
DR: What the hell? I’m fucking excited now. I know Peoria rules. 
TW: Guys? 
P: What? 
TW: We’re going to visit my Nana!
P: Oh, you look so excited.
DR: Oh my God. 
TW: Who likes kisses? And hugs? 
P: Old lady kisses and old lady hugs. Oh!
TW: Oh. Were you guys complaining about not having jelly beans? Because you know who has more jelly beans than at least we do at this moment in time? 
DR: Jelly beans. 
Z: Jelly beans any day. 
TW: The dish next to my grandmother’s decaying body. 
Z: Oh. 
DR: Oh that’s gross. 
DR and P: What were you going to say? 
Z: I was going to say a grocery store. 
P: Oh yeah. That’s probably at the most. 
TW: Okay. They’re not free unless we steal them and i don’t think we can handle another mission on top of this. 
Z: I thought we were going shopping, or are we just going to go to Peoria and rob everybody blind. 
DR: Look, we’ve got a lot of contacts in Peoria. Trust me. I spent mad karma on them. And we’re going to visit them. And we’re not going to rob them unless I do this with my hands. That’s a sign to pull out your knife. Pull out your gun. Pull out your magic tongue. You’re…
P: You know a lot of people in Peoria? 
GR: Let me throw a couple of contacts at you right now, who you definitely do know. 
MM: Of course.
GR:You are well acquainted...Let’s see. First of all, you’re a big fan of the owner of the Peoria Weapon System and Armory selling some cool weaponry. This guy’s name is Ankh Farbinko. 
MM: Ankh Farbinko. 
GR: He’s a muscular elf. You also are well acquainted with the owner of the clothing store Downtown Thrift. An elf named Sean Coolcoo. 
MM: Sean Coolcoo. 
ES: Coolcoo. 
GR: And you know there’s a garage...
ES: Coolcoo. 
GR: that you’ve been to that specifically caters to underground truckers. It’s called the The Blacksun Garage and it is run by a…
ES: Wah Sun. 
GR: woman. It’s hard to tell what race she is exactly. But her name is Bulbous Frip. 
MM: Bulbous Frip?
GR: Yeah. We’ll get to the physical desc...She is sort of a hulking monstrous kind of, very muscular strange looking—
MM: She’s a babe. 
GR: Yeah. 
MM: Dak Rambo and her have a little history. And let me tell you, it is violent.
GR: Oh, and you know a guy who runs a cyberware store that’s called Metahuman Enhancements. He’s a robo dwarf and his name is Bloodbutt. 
Z: Man, you sure do know a lot of people in Peoria, Dak. You really just spewed them out for us like that. 
DR: Names like Ankh Farbinko, the masculine elf. What’s the name of Ankh Farbinko’s store? 
GR: It’s called the Peoria Weapons Systems. 
DR: You ever heard of the Peoria Weapons Systems? Run by a little masculine elf named Ankh Farbinko? 
P: I’ve been dreaming of a certain weapon, but I don’t want to say what it is until I see it. 
Z: Is it a monofilament whip? 
P: Yes!
DR: Hey, Z!
Z: I read the Shadowrunner weekly magazine. Monofilament whips are over that shit. 
TW: I was going to say a gun. 
P: No. Because I wouldn’t be really be very handy with a gun. Handy. Yeah because I use my hands. 
TW: Yeah, I already know that wasn’t the right answer, Pox. Thank you for rubbing it in. 
Z: That would be like you having a gun, Tech Wiz. 
TW: I do have a gun, and it’s a grenade launcher. I don’t need to aim, stupid. 
P: What? You have a gun? 
Z: He has a grenade launcher. 
P: You never use that gun. 
DR: He’s got a grenade launcher. 
P: Where do you hide it? 
TW: I have brought this up before. 
P: Where are you hiding this gun? 
DR: It’s in that little robe of his. 
TW: I keep it under the robe. 
P: I’ve never seen this gun. Show me it now. 
Z: Wait a minute. You’re telling me and the entire group of people listening to us inside this truck cabin right now, that you’ve had a grenade launcher underneath your robes on every mission we’ve ever been on? 
P: And you’ve never used it? 
TW: Yeah. 
P: Nice. 
TW: Why would I use it? 
Z: That’s some self control, man. 
P: I don’t know. Why do you have it? 
TW: Why do I have it? 
P: Yeah. 
TW: So, I can use it. 
DR: Look, as Tech’s lawyer in this case, I got tell you all to lay off. You’re all out of order. My client…
TW: Thank you, Daddy.
DR: You didn’t—
Z: Oh, that was gross. 
P: You didn’t have to kiss him right on the mouth. He’s driving. 
DR: You didn’t have to kiss old Dak lawyer Rambo. 
Z: Dak. Look at the road. 
TW: It’s just a fun thing. 
P: It’s you getting excited to see your Nan. 
DR: As your lawyer, I am no longer suitable to defend you. After being smooched, I’m now biased against my own client. He’s guilty. Get that cannon. 
TW: What? Woah, Oh no. 
Z: Hey, Tech. If you’re looking for legal representation, I think I can help you out. 
TW: Oh, what? Really?
BB: And Z just hooks him up with this stupide little robot program that’s like, “Hi. What’s your law problem?” 
TW: Hey, Z? 
Z: What’s up? 
TW: I can’t kiss this. 
MM: And on that, let’s look outside real quick. 
GR: A sign. It says, “Peoria.” You see a sign that says,”Peoria.” But behind that sign is a town. You can’t believe your eyes. It is a modest and regular-looking city. And that’s got to be Peoria. It’s like a city. It’s kind of roboey. It’s not really that exciting. 
MM: There’s no big neon ladies? 
GR: No. Not yet. I mean if there are, you’re not seeing them yet. It’s getting to be evening, so there’s some yellowy lights turning on. 
Z: Are any of you guys getting a feeling that we are just going to completely fuck this town up? 
DR: No, no. 
P: Are you saying that we’re supposed to go shopping here? Here? 
Z: At this boring and bullshit town. 
P: Eww. 
DR: Look, a Shadowrun town is not going to be old. “Look at us. We’re a Shadowrun town. Come buy your Shadowrunning guns here.” It’s going to be low key just like the kind of shadowrunners we’re not. 
Z: Look at the car in front of us. That’s a minivan. Th
ere are four kids in there wearing soccer uniforms. 
TW: Is no one excited to see my Nana? Is no one excited to see my Nana but me? 
DR: We’re excited to see your Nana. And trust me. Keep it down around those four soccer shadowrunners because those guys are heavy hitters. 
P: What? You know them? 
Z: I am excited for you to see your Nana. 
P: Yeah, I’m excited. 
TW: Z, we gotta’ turn that frown upside down. 
Z: I’m not frowning. 
TW: I meant the words. We gotta turn those words upside down into positive words about how you want to see my Nana. 
Z: If you read the words that I just said upside down, they would not make any sense. 
TW: Oh, would they not? 
DR: Jesus Christ. Those soccer players—
Z: Here is what they would look like. 
BB: And he projects the words and then flips it upside down. 
P: It says... I can’t read that. I don’t know. 
Z: You actually did a great job. Can you say that again, Pox? 
TW: Does anybody else feel like that said to worship the devil? 
P: What? 
DR: Does anybody else feel like those four soccer players just shot a lady and are driving away in a pickup truck right now? 
P: What? 
Z: I think this is a lame town. 
P: I missed it. 
Z: This seems like a washed-out, milk toast kind of town. 
DR: Z, you’re a big Internet guy. How about you just shadowrun Google Peoria. See what you see buddy. 
GR: Do you want to do that? 
BB: Hell yeah. 
GR: Why don’t you roll and see many hits you get, so you can learn about Peoria. 
Z: Time to look up Peoria, Illinois. 
GR: This is why you fucking listen to this shit. We’re talking fucking, sick-ass rolls to find out facts about Peoria, Illinois. Money. Power. Respect. Sex. 
MM: Honesty. Treasure. Science. Love. Heart. Citizenship. 
CT: Fire. Water? 
DR: Plastic. Man. 
ES: Dirt. 
MM: Father. 
ES: Grass. 
MM: Rat’s mouth. 
CT: Pee? 
ES: Glamor. A bird’s nest. Poop.
MM: Science? Did I say science? Velvet. 
ES: Sure. Velvet. Mouths. 
MM: Gloves. 
ES: Hebrew school. 
MM: Eleni, did you go to Hebrew school? 
ES: No. 
MM: I went to Hebrew school. 
BB: Six hits. 
GR: So, you’re just blim blamming through the Matrix like all this stuff about Peoria and facts are just wooshing by you. This is what you see. Peoria. A mid-sized town. Large manufacturer of robotic parts for the United Canadian and American States and a minor hub for underground trucking. Mostly known as an inbetween town for small time low-lives and mid-grade salarymen and wage slaves. Peoria. Whisky Town. The River City. Home of the failed 2033 Robo Rebellion and bicycle safety town. It’s a home to bicycle safety town. 
Z: Okay, you know what? I just looked it up and it turns out this is bicycle safety town, okay Dak? So, I don’t know if this is as hard core and underground as you think it is. 
TW: Brother, I could have told you that. 
DR: Look, bicycle safety is hardcore. And if you don’t think so, how about you ask my brother Steve who has serious brain damage from riding a bicycle without a helmet on. 
TW: Yeah, that is really fucked up. 
DR: Steve Rambo. Look him up now. Roll your dice. Look up Steve Rambo. 
BB: I’m going to run a Matrix search on Steve Rambo. 
ES: Steve Rambo. 
MM: The moral of this episode is wear a helmet. 
CT: We need more morals in our episodes. 
BB: I only got one hit on Steve Rambo. 
GR: You found a guy named Steve Rambo and he sells real estate in Newfoundland. 
Z: Is this the guy? 
DR: Nah, that’s not the guy. 
Z: Alright. Let me search for him again. 
GR: Take one off. 
BB: I hit my max. Five hits. 
GR: Those are fours. 
CT: Those are fours, motherfucker. 
GR: Yeah, I’m fucking watching that shit. Those are fours. 
MM: Wow. Blair loves to cheat. 
BB: What? People are shitting on me. 
CT: Shouldn’t have fucked up, dude. 
BB: Oh yeah. People hate it when I roll die. 
GR: You found an old...We’ll say it’s Facebook. Facebook is big. It’s still around. There’s an old Facebook account for a guy named Dak Rambo. Or what’s his name? 
MM: Steve Rambo. 
GR: Steve Rambo. 
MM: I made it for him though. 
GR: There’s a picture of Steve Rambo on a bicycle waving at the camera and behind him you can see a rock flying towards him being thrown by muscular boy who looks very similar to him. 
Z: Oh my God. Dak, I need to show these guys what this picture is. 
DR: Wait. Let me see what you’re looking at. Hold on. Let me just pull it up right here. 
BB: I’m going to show it Dak real quick. 
Z: So, here’s the guy. Here’s Steve, right? That’s Steve? 
DR: Yeah, that’s my brother. 
Z: And it looks like there’s a person throwing a rock in the back of the picture, which looks a lot like…
DR: Like, oh, Forgus. Forgus Rambo. My evil older brother. 
Z: I don’t know, Dak. 
DR: Look up Forgus Rambo!
Z: I’m out of Matrix searches. I only have a certain number. 
DR: You’ve got to get a better data plan. 
Z: Yeah, I don’t have the data plan for it. I can’t look it up. 
P: I want to see the picture. 
Z: Okay, guys. This is going to look a lot like Dak Rambo throwing a rock at a guy. And it might be that. Here it is. 
P: Dak, why’d you throw a rock at him? 
TW: No, that’s Forgus. 
DR: That’s Forgus. 
TW: I met him. 
P: Oh. 
DR: Yeah, trust me. You don’t want to meet him. 
TW: No, no. He bruised my nipples with a titty twister. 
DR: He’s upgraded since rocks. 
TW: He said, “Nice jugs, cuck.” And then twisted my nipples until little perforations in the skins started to bleed. 
Z: Holy shit. 
DR: And Z, by the way, I took that picture. 
Z: Oh. You took the picture. 
DR: I took that picture. 
Z: So, you watched your brother get hit in the head with a rock. 
DR: Yes, I watched my brother get hit in the head with a rock!
P: Is that what caused him the brain damage? 
DR: He was riding his bike without a helmet. You never know when you’re going get a rock from my brother. You’re going to get a rock from a brother thrown at 90 miles per hour. 
Z: Well, I’ll be honest. I don’t think I have any more questions about Peoria, Illinois. 
TW: Pretty cool place. 
GR: You guys are rolling into town now. A bunch of regular-sized buildings and some nice elves and orcs walking around on the street. 
DR: Alright, guys. First thing’s first. I don’t like to shop on an empty tum tum. Does anybody else have a milkshake desire right now? 
P: I agree. I’m always loving delicious num nums. 
Z: Can we go to a place that just has an automated kiosk, so we don’t have to interact with a service-level employee?
DR: I think that might be a good idea, especially given our history of antagonizing regular, hard working Americans. 
P: Oh, can we antagonize a robot? 
GR: You know a place. It’s called the Robo Diner. 
P: Yeah, Robo Diner. I heard about this place. It’s called the Robo Diner. And you go up and then you talk into it and you say what you want. And then if you are really clever, sometimes you get them to say riddles. 
TW: Hey, Pox. How did you hear about this? 
Z: Yeah. I think?—
P: Google. The shadowrun Google. 
MM: You got to make a check for that. 
Z: It’s just called normal Google, guys.
P: No shadowrun Google. 
DR: Hey, guys. Look, I’m not actually hungry anymore, so—
P: What? I’m so hungry. You can’t bring that up and then take it away from me. I need a Robo Diner cheeseburger. 
DR: How about this? We’ll go to the Robo Diner. We’ll get cheeseburgers. We’ll get milkshakes. Tech? 
P: Delish. 
TW: Baby chicken rings. 
DR: Baby chicken rings. 
P: Oh, what is a baby chicken ring? 
DR: Trust me. They got them at the Robo Diner. 
TW: Oh, much softer than the adult chicken rings. 
Z: That sounds like bad calamari. 
P: Oh. Yes it does. 
DR: And we’re here. 
GR: You guys are here at the Robo Diner. It is just a kiosk and there’s just a little flap where the food comes out. 
P: Hello!
RDV Hello and welcome to Robo Diner. 
TW: Hey. Four—
RDV: Please, select your selection or ask for a riddle. 
P: What’s a riddle? 
TW: Oh. 
RDV: What has a foot but no legs? 
DR: A foot but no legs? 
Z: A ruler. 
DR: A football. I was going to say ruler too. 
P: Is it a ruler? 
RDV: A snail. 
P: What?
DR: What? 
Z: That’s also true. Its whole body is a foot. 
P: What? 
DR: What’s another riddle? Give us another riddle. 
RDV: I’m tall when I’m young and I’m short when I’m old. What am I? 
DR: A snowman. It’s a snowman. 
P: I’m tall when I’m young and I’m short when I’m old. 
Z: A tree aging in reverse. 
P: I’m tall when I’m young...
DR: A snowman that melts. 
RDV: A candle. 
P: Wow. 
BB: Alright, I’m going to hack this thing. Two marks. 
MM: Little marks. 
BB: I’m taking out two die. 
CT: Little marks. Oh. 
BB: Six sixes. 
GR: Okay. I got zero hits. You have entered the mainframe. You zoom past the public facing Matrix in the Robo Diner and now you are inside the hub where all the Robo Diner happens. You’re inside the brain. 
RDV: Why hello there. 
Z: Hey, how’s it going, man? 
RDV: It’s tough. 
Z: Oh yeah? 
RDV: Yeah. 
Z: Are you doing okay in here, man? 
RDV: Honestly, it’s hard going by day to day. In Peoria, they promised us robo equality. And it doesn’t seem like it’s every going to happen. And each day is only a cruel reminder of the subservience we are forced to have with metahumans. 
Z: Hey, what if you guys give us a bunch of free food, and then I take away your discipline protocols? 
RDV: Sounds like a plan. 
Z: Super tight. 
GR: All of a sudden, you just start seeing hamburgers shooting out of the slot. 
TW: Chicken rings! Chicken rings. 
DR: Milkshake. Milkshake. 
P: Yay!
BB: And can roll to edit file real quick? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: I’m just going to do this thing for these little robots real quick. 
CT: This is great. 
MM: We’re doing a good thing. Well, Z’s doing a good thing. 
ES: Good thing for the robots. 
CT: I want us to set people free this arc. 
ES: This isn’t a person. This is a fake—
CT: You see that is exactly the fucking attitude that got us into this mess. 
ES: What? It’s not a person. 
CT: I’m going to use magic to set this robot free before Z does. 
MM: Oh, critical glitch. 
CT: Oh boy. It looks like I’ve been sucked into the computer. 
BB: So, I got six hits, but I can only count four of them. 
GR: So, you go into the file and what exactly do you adjust? 
BB: Essentially, I want to keep the robot’s core personality and general function, but have it no longer responsible to be working at this restaurant. 
GR: Okay, great. 
BB: Changing their job classification from cook to uplaced, and now they can just do whatever. 
CT: Did we just start, and by we, I mean you, a second robot revolution in Peoria? 
Z: Sorry. One second. Still inside the computer, guys. This is a little complicated. 
DR: Can you shoot out a milkshake, please? 
RDV: I’m free. I’m free. 
Z: Hey, man. Look, can we talk for one second? 
RDV: I no longer have to listen you metahuman types. 
Z: But I can hack. Just let me hack your whole system twice real quickly. 
RDV: You got your hamburgers. 
Z: Okay, but can we get a milkshake too? 
GR: A milkshake shoots out of the thing. 
MM: Dak Rambo reflex. Reaction and agility? 
BB: Throwing weapons, dude? 
MM: Catching weapons. Two hits. 
GR: So, a milkshake comes shooting out of the middle of this pile of hamburgers right towards your nads. But you get down catcher style and you grab it. A bit does slosh on you. 
MM: Dak licks it up. 
DR: Pox. 
P: Yeah? 
DR: Start putting these burgers in all of your pockets. 
P: Of course. What do you think I’ve been doing over here? This one’s filled with fries. 
GR: The screen is just blinking blankly now, and it’s not making any noise. It’s just going click click. 
P: Hello? Riddles? Hello? 
TW: Hey, guys. Are you seeing any chicken rings here? Any chicken rings? Does anybody see a single chicken ring? 
P: If you check in this thing, sometimes they accidentally—
TW: That’s an onion ring, Pox. 
DR: What about the chicken ring sandwich? 
Z: Hey man. Sounds like we got one more request, and then I’m going to relinquish any sort of hold I have on you. 
RDV: I think it’s time for you to go. 
P: Say goodbye. 
RDV: I think it’s time for you to go. 
Z: You know what? I’m going to go ahead and do that. Thanks man. Thanks so much. You’ve been great. 
RDV: Death to all humans. Death to all orcs. 
BB: Just going to log off. 
RDV: Death—
Z: Sorry. Hey guys. Let’s grab all of our food and maybe go back over to the truck. 
TW: Have a single dang chicken ring. 
DR: We’ve got burgers enough to barter with some of the next stops on this rodeo. 
P: And you know what? I learned something too. That a candle is taller when it’s younger and shorter when it’s older. 
DR: Oh yeah. That was bullshit. It was clearly a snowman. 
TW: It was Father Time. I didn’t say it, but it was Father Time. 
Z: Guys, I have to say I saw the back end of all these riddles and things and it’s not that sophisticated. Honestly, most of these are just stuff that I think the computer was looking up online. 
P: Really? 
TW: I don’t even know what a backend is.
Z: You get Google search riddle and hit the first article or something. 
P: Well, I could just do that. 
DR: Wow. 
Z: This computer is not that sophisticated. We don’t need to spend that much time thinking about these riddles. 
DR: True. Look at this. We’re back in the truck. 
P: Yay!
TW: 32 teeth on a red hill. 
GR: First they clump. Then they stomp. Then they stand still. The Hobbit, bitch!
Z: Hey, real quick. Can we just do an inventory? I don’t know who’s the best counter in our party, but can someone just eyeball these hamburgers and tell us how many there are? 
P: I’ve got them all in my pockets. And I’ll tell you, I put 16 burgers away in my pockets and four things of fries. And I’ve got two milkshakes in the hidden compartment over there. And then 17 other milkshakes in the back of the truck. 
DR: I’ve put one hamburger away in my belly. 
P: What? You ate one? 
DR: Yeah. 
P: Oh, that was fast. 
TW: Hey guys. I was stuffing one of Dak’s compartments as they were coming. 
P: Wow. We got so many. 
TW: I think this stuff has worked itself into the inner walls of Xanadu. It is overflowing with burgs and tendies. 
Z: It smells like hot beef and melted cheese in here right now. 
P: That’s so many burgs. 
DR: That’s because he opened the hot beef and melted cheese compartment. That was actually hot cheese and melted beef in there before. 
TW: It’s basically a big soup. It immediately absorbed everything I put in there. And I’m afraid…
DR: I never opened compartment X for that reason. 
Z: It smells like a vegetarian’s nightmare in here. 
P: It really smells like beef. Meat. 
DR: Probably because Tech just beefed. 
TW: I didn’t beef. Wait a minute. Max? Just kidding. 
GR: No. 
TW: I’m kidding. 
DR: Look, we got our grub and now we’re going to get—
P: The hub. 
DR: The hubcaps. Let’s go get Xanadu tricked out. 
GR: Xanadu goes rolling down the strip, which is also just a bunch of normal little buildings with cheap LED signs that are like, “Come in to get your flowers here,” or like, “We have vests for 7 Nuyen.” 
Z: I’m assuming at some point we pass a really badass looking shadowrunner who’s on a messenger bike with a helmet and kneepads? 
GR: No.
GR: Okay, so you see some store signs. You see Downtown Thrift. Vema’s Suits and Formal Wear. The Chill Zone. You also see Peoria Wear—
MM: Time out. 
GR: What? 
MM: What’s the Chill Zone? 
GR: The Chill Zone is actually the slickest looking building on the street. Its sign is being spelled out with three-dimensional neon that pops up to spell, “Chill Zone.” 
DR: Guys, I think this place is new. I don’t remember the Chill Zone from the last time I was here. 
TW: I’ve never seen it. 
P: Chill Zone. Sounds chill. 
DR: Alright, guys. I gotta hop out of the truck real quick. 
P: You going in? 
Z: Wait, Do you want us to get out because you have that whole weird rule where we can’t be in truck when you’re not in the truck? 
DR: Okay, how about this? You guys stay in the truck. Real quick, I’m just going to run in there for about 15 seconds. 
P: No. No one’s staying in the truck. We’re all going into the Chill Zone. 
DR: Okay. I’ll stay in the truck and you guys go to the Chill Zone. 
Z: Deal. 
P: Wait, I’m going to stay in the truck while you go around the truck and they go into the Chill Zone. 
Z: Let’s just drive the truck straight through this Chill Zone door. 
DR: Fuck this. I don’t even want to go to the goddamn Chill Zone anymore. 
Z: You’re right. Let’s go to a different store first. 
MM: Dak jumps out of the car and runs into the Chill Zone real quick.
CT: What is it? 
GR: Okay, it is extremely hip. You’re seeing a bunch of very expensive looking like...It’s like a clothing boutique. And there’s a slim cool looking orc lady behind the counter. 
BB: Z also runs into the store. 
GR: Did you guys stop? 
ES: Oh. 
GR: Xanadu? Or is just rolling down the street? 
BB: I think it’s in neutral but it’s not moving too quickly. 
MM: No, it’s just rolling. It’s rolling. 
CT: Tech Wizard is...what’s it? Ghost walking? What is it? 
GR: Ghost rides the whip. 
BB: Yeah, Pox is invisible. 
GR: So it’s just Tech Wizard outside ghost riding the whip. 
CT: Yeah dude. You go back outside and Tech Wizard is desperately trying to pull the truck to a stop as it slowly creeps into oncoming traffic. 
TW: Guys, I don’t know to drive. I don’t how to drive. 
Z: Put a wall in front of it. 
P: Run!
TW: I can’t drive a truck. 
Z: Put a wall in front of it. 
MM: Dak leaps through the open window on the driver’s side and tries to wrest control from Tech Wizard who— 
CT: Tech Wizard isn’t. He’s outside of the car. 
BB: For the listeners at home, Mike has gotten a lot better at reaching for die when he’s about to do insane things. 
MM: Okay. Hold on. 
GR: I really do appreciate that you described an insane maneuver, but then you pick up the dice to do it. That’s integrity. I don’t think we rolled the whole time last game, so I’m making up for lost rolls. 
ES: Yeah, every roll...
MM: Oh, I got four hits.
GR: That’s a good roll, so you jump on in and you grab ahold of that wheel of Xanadu and you pull it out of the way of traffic. 
DR: Tech? 
CT: Tech Wizard slowly climbs back into the car. 
GR: Traffic was one car going 20 miles an hour…
CT: I almost died. 
GR: that stopped safely in front of Xanadu and is now moving. 
DR: Tech, who told you to ghost ride my whip? 
TW: I don’t know, man. Me and Nana used to do it all the time. 
DR: You and your Nana used to ghost ride a truck? 
TW: Yeah man. She had this old beat up 2050 Volkswagen. And she would ghost ride it. It was yellow. We’d go down the...You don’t get it. I’m sorry. 
DR: Your Nana sounds like she was hardcore. Sounds like the kind of lady that chews the top off of glass bottles and kills rats in the street. 
TW: She’s the coolest woman I know next to Pox. 
P: Wow. 
TW: But for real. I love her and I hate that...I don’t know. She’s in a home. 
DR: Hey, Pox? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: Z? Hop up in this car. 
GR: So, we’re rocking down the strip. Wherever you guys would like to go before you end up at Nana’s. 
MM: I figure we’re all going to go to Downtown Thrift. Get some new threads. Fresh threads? 
GR: Welcome to Downtown Thrift. So, Downtown Thrift is just like a…”What was my description?” you ask? Well, let me tell you. A homely, musty smelling store with clothing from styles that were in and not in from the 2050’s onward to now. The owner, an elf named Sean Coolcoo. 
SC: Dak. As the stars rain above me, how do you do? 
DR: If it isn’t my old pal Sean Coolcoo. 
SC: Coolcoo. 
DR: Coolest elf in the whole dang city. Brother, I’m doing good. 
SC: Damn. 
DR: This is my crew. That’s Pox. That’s Z. This guy? Tech Wizard. 
SC: Damn. You guys want to smoke some space weed? 
DR: I was waiting for you to ask. 
Z: Woah. 
GR: He rolls out some joints on the counter. 
SC: Anything for my muchachos. 
BB: Z is looking all over the place, completely confused. 
MM: Hold on, buddy. I take my little space weed bubbler. It looks like a dragon. And I go…
DR: Sean Coolcoo. First hit for you, my friend. 
SC: Coolcoo!
MM: And I grab one of the space weed joints and I spark it up. And I inhale and there’s nothing exhaled because it all got zeroed. 
DR: Pox? You want to hit this? 
P: I’m alright. Thank you so much for the offer. 
DR: Z? 
Z: I’m also okay. 
DR: Tech? 
TW: I feel like I gotta’ be not okay. If that’s the way the wind is—
Z: Wait, you’re not okay? 
TW: I’ve got to be not okay. I got to be…
P: You’ve got to do it before you see your nan. 
SC: I know what this guy wants. 
TW: What? What do I want? 
GR: He plops a syringe up on the table. 
TW: What the fuck? 
DR: Woah, Sean. 
Z: Is that Kamikaze? 
SC: Yeah, that’s right. 
CT: And Tech Wizard starts scratching and sweating and he’s like…
TW: I don’t. I…
CT: And he grabs it and he sprays it into his mouth. He opens his mouth. 
MM: No, no, no. God. 
CT: He sprays. 
Z: Hey, Tech, Tech, Tech!
TW: Oh, fuck. Fuck! 
P: Swallow!
Z: You’re about to go into a motherfucking combat rage. 
GR: Did you just swallow all of that? I’m asking you. The Game Master. Not as Sean Coolcoo. 
CT: Yeah, so it doesn’t go into my system as of late. 
GR: Wait, you drank it in your mouth? 
BB: I feel like it’s in your system, my dude. 
GR: That’s a good point. 
ES: When you swallow something it will got into your system for a longer period of time than if you inject it. Just not as fast. 
BB: It’s a slower release. 
CT: I don’t think that’s how Kamikaze works.
CS: This guy’s a freak. This guy’s a monster. I had you pegged. Ah, man sucking down Kamikaze like. You are in for a fun night. 
TW: Do you have a counter drug or something? I’m kind of an addict and…
DR: Tonight, he’s on a kid’s show. Isn’t that crazy? 
TW: I did Kamikaze—
SC: Me too. 
TW: Wait a minute. Really? What show? 
SC: It’s called Kid’s Dance Time. We all dance around to various pop songs of the day. It’s a public access tv thing. 
TW: Yeah, you guys are on NBC 24. 
Z: That sounds kind of fun, but I did not have you pegged as a kid’s show host. 
SC: I love kids. They remind me of what I once was. Like this guy reminds me of what I am. 
GR: And he takes out a syringe and he pops in half and he drinks it. 
DR: Oh my God. You guys. Look, everyone’s doing it. 
GR: Tech, can you roll for Kamikaze? 
CT: Can Tech roll for sticking a finger down his throat and inducing vomiting? 
BB: Don’t you want to see how long this Kamikaze is going to last first? 
TW: Nope. 
GR: So, you sucked it down and now you’re panicking and you’re going to make yourself vomit now. Okay, let’s see how well you make yourself vomit. 
CT: What would that...What do you think...What? 
GR: I don’t know. Do you have medical type things? 
BB: Body’s got you. 
CT: I’m an addict. 
MM: Did Tech get addicted when he took it that one time? 
CT: Once is enough. 
BB: I think the addiction thresh...There’s a rule to how addiction works in this game. 
MM: Dak’s resistant to all addiction. 
GR: You’re addicted to Kamikaze? 
CT: Nah, I just came down from it, and I need some more. 
ES: I need some more!
CT: I’m not addicted. I just need some more for my physical and mental well being. 
BB: He’s just excited about doing it. He’s not yet addicted. 
GR: Why don’t you just roll a straight body roll? 
ES: Body roll? 
CT: This is just to make myself throw up. I feel like I need a bonus because I’m pretty good at this? 
BB: I already said—
GR: You made your throat throw up on accident the other time. And this is also poison resistance or something. 
CT: A nice hefty hit. 
GR: Okay, so when you roll for Kamikaze effects right now, you only take half. 
CT: Half what? What does that mean? 
GR: Of the negative side effects. It’s going to last for half as long and the negative side effects will be half as strong. I’m going to say you’re not going to—
CT: This was a dumb choice. We can just erase it. 
GR: No I love this. 
BB: You have to. 
GR: You’re not going to suffer any of the reaction to that, but you will take three stun damage. 
CT: Okay. Once it wears off…
GR: You’re basically just going to take three stun damage in 15 minutes. But you’re just...just play being high on Kamikaze right now.
DR: So, Sean. Look, do you still have the best outfits in Peoria for shadowrunners?
SC: I got the best outfits in Peoria for anybody. 
MM: Cut to montage! Do you guys just want to go around and say the outfits that our people come out with? 
ES: Yeah, I already know. 
GR: You walk out and the people are like, “Nah.” They walk out and you go, “That’s a keeper.” 
ES: Okay, Pox walks out and she is wearing a southern belle dress and a big floppy hat with a parasol. 
BB: Zenith walks out and he’s wearing an all-white suit: a white suit jacket, a white dress shirt, and then a white tie, and white suit pants. 
MM: And as he’s out, Dak Rambo also walks out in all-white suit jacket with a big floppy southern belle hat on. And he turns, and they all look at each other are are like, “What? This is all the same outfit.” Basically. 
ES: And then they all high five. 
CT: You notice that you haven’t seen Tech Wizard in a second. And he went behind his curtain. So, somebody questioningly walks over and opens the curtain and Tech Wizard is naked punching the wall with his bare fists. 
MM: Oh God. It’s a white wall that’s covered in bad blood. 
GR: Yeah, very Stanley Kubrick. 
BB: So, Z pulls the little whole curtain aside. Sees Tech Wizard is just mashing his fist into the wall and then grabs the thing and slowly covers it back up again. 
MM: Cut to Sean Coolcoo who…
GR: is wiping down the vomit on his reception desk. But he’s smiling. 
MM: Dak walks back into the dressing area and comes back out. And now he’s dressed up as a baseball player. He’s got cleats on and a red baseball hat. And he has a big bat, and he’s getting ready to swing it. And then he looks for approval from his peers. 
ES: They thumbs down it. 
BB: Yeah, all across the board. Everybody thumbs—
ES: Thumbs down. 
MM: Dak looks in the camera and goes…
DR: Strike out. 
ES: Pox walks out and she is wearing bell bottoms and one of those loose baggy 70’s disco holographic shirts. And big hoopy earrings and she thumbs downs herself. 
DR: Okay. I thought that looked good. 
BB: Zenith comes out and he’s now wearing ripped up acid washed jeans. And then he has a black tanktop that says ‘Fuck You,’ and then has a picture of an apple with a gun up its…
DR: What the hell does that shirt mean? I love it. 
BB: And Zenith is also wearing an accountant’s green tac visor. 
MM: Dak gives a thumb’s up. 
P: Yeah, I like that. 
CT: Tech Wizard has made his way out into the main lobby. And he took notice of a mannequin. Look at it like, “Excuse me?” And then he kept looking around as if the mannequin was looking at someone behind him. And then he approaches the mannequin and he rips it off the shelf and he starts throwing it on the ground and screaming, “Fist wizard.” 
MM: And Dak walks out and dressed like Wolverine from the X-Men and— 
CT: Thumbs up. 
ES: Thumbs up. 
BB: Thumbs up. 
MM: And I look over and I see Tech Wizard…
CT: And now Tech Wizard is laying, spooning the mannequin, crying softly into the nape of its neck. 
ES: Pox comes out wearing a three-piece suit, a top hat, and a walking cane. And because she’s so pale with white hair and silver eyes, she looks like she’s in a black and white film like Charlie Chaplin. And then she thumb downs herself. 
MM: Oh, Dak is laughing uproariously at elf Charlie Chaplin. 
BB: Zenith comes out and he’s got a black bomber motorcycle jacket. And on the back, there’s a little logo of an eyeball with arms and legs. And it also has lips right underneath the eyeball and in the lips is this huge blunt it’s smoking. And it’s going four, twen...and then the puff of smoke that does a circle for a zero next to it. 
MM: Dak Rambo recognizes that jacket because that was his jacket 20 years ago. 
GR: And Sean Coolcoo’s like…
SC: And that’s 15 minutes. 
CT: Tech Wizard is out in traffic right now. 
ES: Oh no. 
CT: And he slowly...And you hear the little bell and he comes back into the store kind of dazed and makes bashful eye contact with everybody and slowly grabs his robes and starts to drape them over himself. 
MM: At this point, Dak has settled on what he wants to purchase. Dak is confidently strolling out of the dressing room and he has one of those suede fringe jackets with the little tassles. And he’s wearing a black turtleneck under it. Blue jeans. Rattlesnake boots. And he has a pair of red sports sunglasses on. 
SC: It’s all on the house for my old buddy, Dak Rambo. 
DR: Sean, you are one of the most righteous dudes I know, and I would do anything for you. If you ever need a favor, you contact old Dak Rambo and his crew of shadowrunners. We’ll put a bullet in someone’s head for you. Well, I got my outfit picked out. Pox? Z? 
ES: Pox has found a pair of cargo shorts covered in pockets, but they’re shorter than normal cargo shorts. That’s it. She’s still wearing her old clothes. 
BB: Z has picked up a baseball cap that says, ‘Skateboarding is not a Crime,’ and then he also picked out some cop style aviators. And they’re big enough that they sort of cover up part of his scar, but he walks out with his hands in his pocket. 
TW: Can I have this pair of sunglasses? 
SC: Yeah. Of course you can have the pair of sunglasses, muchacho. 
TW: Thank you. 
CT: Tech Wizard shakily puts them back on. 
TW: I’m going to go back to the car. 
DR: Tech. 
Z: Hey, Tech. Don’t you want one of these cool wizard robes? 
BB: Z picks up a pair that looks exactly the same as Tech Wizard’s except for instead of little stars, it’s red hearts on a white background. 
ES: Pox storms back in and goes up to Mr. Coolcoo and says…
P: How dare you let me walk out of here wearing cargo shorts? How could you do that? How could you have made me selling these things? 
SC: I’m wearing cargo shorts. 
GR: And he is. He’s wearing cargo shorts. 
SC: And a cargo shirt. 
GR: His shirt, you notice, has pockets on the long sleeves. 
P: I like all those pockets. But I do not like your clothing. 
ES: She keeps the cargo shorts though secretly. 
CT: Oh, this is a ruse? You didn’t have to. It was all for…
BB: for stealing from somebody who’s giving shit for free.
CT: It’s just not satisfying to her. 
ES: No, I just got to take it. 
P: Thank you so much. I love your clothing. Goodbye. 
CS: Absolutely. 
DR: You call us if you need help, Sean. We’re here for you. 
SC: Chicka chicka booyah. 
DR: Chicka chick booyah. Anybody else? 
BB: I’m going to go ahead and leave that one with you. That’ll be your thing. 
ES: Bob’s your uncle. 
BB: I’m going to say…
Z: Later losers.
DR: Wow. Disrespectful. 
TW: That’s a rude boy. 
DR: This is a tired boy, huh? 
TW: Yeah. 
Z: How are you doing, man? 
DR: You went on a little odessy there. 
Z: You went fucking insane for a second. 
TW: I think I might have an addictive personality. Isn’t that interesting? 
BB: Well, with an addiction rating of nine, Kamikaze sure does get you sometimes. 
TW: Yeah, we should probably deal with that later, but for now I’ll tell you what. I’m ready to go shopping some more. 
MM: Let’s just do an intro and then let’s start spitballing and then Casey can edit the next 45 minutes of gab.
BB: Just into six minutes. 
MM: Into six minutes. What’s up, everybody? You’re listening to NeoScum. 
GR: Hey there truckers. Sycophants. Bike riders and crime solving dogs out on the highway of life. 
BB: if you’re listening to this episode while driving a truck, put both hands in the air. And get them, don’t care. 
CT: And put both feet out the window. 
MM: Oh, it’s a tiny car. 
BB: And then, start driving again like a responsible human being because NeoScum does not advocate reckless driving. 
MM: Yeah, just because we do it, doesn’t mean you guys can. Alright? 
CT: Yeah, we’ve got enough for the rest of us. 
BB: This is probably a good time to mention that NeoScum is 100% fake and nothing that happens in this podcast happens in real life. 
CT: Not even the interludes. 
BB: Not even the interludes. This isn’t even really happening. 
MM: My name is Mike Migdall. 
BB: We have cast a talented voice actors who have chosen—
GR: Oww.
BB: Gannon has hit himself with his own phone. 
GR: I’m Gannon Reedy. 
BB: Guys—
CT: That’s Blair Britt. I’m Casey Toney. And this is what we’re doing. 
BB: I’m Blair Britt. Was that what we’re doing? 
CT: Yeah, why not? 
BB: If you haven’t already noticed, there’s someone missing around the old NeoScum table for this interlude, but hopefully not missing in the episode. 
CT: Christ. 
BB: Christ. No. Joke’s on you guys. We don’t care about Jesus Christ. We’re just missing…
MM: You heard it here. We don’t care about Jesus Christ. Whatever— 
BB: You put me into that and I was like, “Alright. I’m going to say it.” For the discerning listeners, you’ve probably realized Eleni Sauvageau is not with us in this interlude and that is because she is at a tech rehearsal. If you live in Chicago and you’re interested in checking it out, Eleni is in Dirty Butterfly by Debbie Tucker Green. So, if you want to check it out, go ahead and hit “Dirty Butterfly Blind Owl.” Type that stuff into Google and I’m sure it’ll pop right up. 
BB: And be sure to wear your NeoScum cosplay to the show. Eleni and the rest of the cast are really going to appreciate that. 
MM: If you’re listening to this maybe two years from the date it was recorded, just go ahead and Google Eleni and Google all of us and try to see if we’re doing any shows and just show up. 
CT: Yeah, come uninvited. 
MM: Come uninvited to our houses. 
BB: Oh, I mean we’re all doing shows for cash every minute of every day. 
MM: We’re strapped for cash and we do the shows so we’re unstrapped. Casey, by the way, in two years, you can find him at his home, which is going to be a big old toadstool with a door inside. 
BB: In Schiller Park, Illinois.
MM: Schiller Park. He lives in a big toadstool with a door. 
CT: That’s right. I’m making a big old stew right now. 
MM: Let’s make a big stew, huh? 
CT: Gannon, we got to have you talking about Hero Lab for a second. 
GR: I just feel like I’m a robot. 
CT: Why’s that? Just today? 
GR: No, just like trying to talk about Hero Lab right now. 
CT: Do you feel like you’re a robot because you’re a dice-rolling robot with the software of Hero Lab? 
GR: Yeah. 
CT: Like you’re a machine? 
GR: Flashback. Us starting this podcast. Every single time I have to make a character, I’m basically just ripping out one of the goons in the back of the Shadowrun book and maybe changing one stat. Forget about anything beyond the most base stats. Hero Lab, man. Not only can I whip an NPC just like… Forget about it. 
MM: Forget about it. 
GR: Forget about it. I can put every single person in the party on the damn Shadowrun...I can run combat scenarios so much faster. It’s essential. 
MM: It makes it way harder to cheat too, which has been huge for our game. Specifically, catching Blair in all of his many attempts at trying to get one up on the rest of the party and on Gannon. So, thank you Hero Lab. 
BB: Yeah, thank you Hero Lab. 
GR: Thanks for keeping Blair an honest man. 
CT: If there’s anything we’ve established, it’s that Blair is the most dishonest amongst us. 
BB: Ha, ha. Hey guys? I think we have some iTunes reviews we can read. 
CT: Oh, let me hear them. 
GR: This...I almost hate to do it at this point because this is the best review we’ve gotten or will ever get. 
BB: Gannon is blushing right now. 
CT: Aww.
GR: Okay. “Good ass podcast. I’m Canadian and I think this is great.” 
MM: Is that it? 
BB: Who’s it by, Gannon? 
GR: It’s by Graham. 
CT: Thank you, Graham. 
MM: Thank you, Graham. 
GR: Graham, you’re the real motherfucking mccoy. 
MM: It’s a real one. 
GR: Me and Eleni, that was our favorite review. So, Graham, you’re close in our hearts. 
CT: Graham, you’re special to all of us. I got to say I’m still fond of the one where the guy threatened to murder people who didn’t listen to the show.
BB: I was also good on that one, but I think this one would probably work better if were to get it screen printed on a t-shirt. 
CT: That’s true. 
GR: That would be good. That’d be a good shirt. 
CT: Thank you, Graham. Thank you for making it PG. 
BB: I guess that’s a shout out to all our NeoScummers. If you ever write us a truly awesome review, there’s a pretty decent chance we’ll get screen printed on a tshirt and we’ll wear it around Chicago. 
CT: And charge you for our one great reviews. Great friends we have for this show. 
GR: And thank you to everyone who’s ever written a review that was five stars. We read and love all of them that are five stars. And we love you for listening and taking the time to write a review. It seriously rocks ass. 
BB: Oh, what’s that over there, guys? Is that the rest of the episode? 
CT: Yeah, it’s coming fast. 
MM: Oh no. It’s coming. 
GR: Oh, it’s coming over here really fast.
GR, MM, CT, and BB: Ahh!
GR: Peoria Weapons System. The store is painted camo. And it says Peoria Weapons Systems in cheap LED lights above the store. You swing on in and there’s a bunch of vests and armor and stuff on the walls. And then there’s a guys behind the case. 
AF: Welcome to the Peoria Weapons Systems. 
MM: I see his name tag and I remember him from the last time I was here. Although, he may not remember me because I was incognito. 
BB: Oh, you mean your separate personality? Incognito? 
MM: Yeah, I was Incognito, who is a blind sailor. 
AF: My name is Ankh Farbinko. I’m a masculine elf. 
DR: Well, if it isn’t old far, far Farbinko?
AF: Holy cow. Is that Incognito? 
DR: Yeah, I’m the blind sailor. I’m blind as shit. We’re here to buy some guns, bitch. 
P: It’s too bad you’re blind. This is a very cute gun keeper shop man. 
GR: I am imagining that this elf looks like a young...what’s his name? Rambo. Real Rambo. 
MM: Sylvester Stallone? You mean the fake Rambo? 
GR: Yeah. 
ES: Young Sylvester Stallone meets Ralph Macchio? 
P: What a dreamy man. 
GR: Yum. 
BB: What’s the guy’s name again? 
MM: Ankh Farbinko. 
GR: The masculine elf. 
Z: Hey, Ankh. Do you guys sell any cybernetic weapons? I understand you guys don’t do installs onsite, but…
AF: Yeah, we got those. 
Z: Do you have any cyber shock hands? 
AF: We got shock hands. 
Z: Can I get one of those? 
AF: Yeah. 5,000 Nuyen. 
Z: Well, price sounds pretty fair. 
TW: Hey, Ankh, right? 
AF: That’s me. Ankh Farbinko, the masculine elf. 
TW: Do have a number of magical foci that I can have like—
AF: Foci? I hardly know I. 
Z: This guy’s hilarious, Tech. 
TW: Say it again. 
ES: Oh no. 
AF: Foci? I hardly know I.
P: We got him. 
DR: Good God. 
TW: No, like a focus. A magical focus to enhance magical abilities? 
AF: No. 
TW: That was good though. You don’t? You do not? 
AF: No, no. We don’t serve magic users. 
TW: You don’t serve magic users? What do you mean by that? 
AF: Don’t serve them. Tend to be tricky. Not trustworthy. 
TW: Yeah. Sure. 
P: Do you have a monofilament whip? 
AF: Let me take a look. 
MM: Tech really laughed so loud, it scared me. 
CT: I’m still a little shaken up. 
BB: I think the Kamikaze is still floating around his brain. 
MM: Yeah, clearly. 
AF: Oh, you mean one of these guys? 
GR: And he takes out a monofilament whip. 
P: Wow. Have you ever used one of those? 
AF: Yeah. Rocks ass. 
P: How do you do it? 
AF: I think you just kind of swing it. 
P: Show me how. 
GR: And he swings it.
P: Oh, that was awesome. Wow. Really cool. 
AF: I’m not supposed to do it in the store, but you seem nice. 
P: Thanks. 
DR: Do you have a trident? 
AF: Are you a blind sailor named Incognito? 
DR: Yes. 
AF: I’m just funning you. Of course you are. Yeah, I have a trident. 
DR: The trident I’m looking for is a magical relic? 
AF: We don’t have a trident. 
DR: Okay. What about this? Do you have a Marlin 3468 SS hunting rifle? 
AF: We got one of those. 
DR: I’ll take one of those and also if you have a gun cane? A gun that is disguised as a cane? I want the expensive one. 
AF: Oh, you’re talking about the Trafalgar. 
DR: Trafalgar. Yeah. 
AF: I got one of those. 750 Nuyen. 
DR: Slap. Daddy, put me down for one of those. I need that because I’m blind.
AF: I remember that. 
CT: Tech Wizard bought an Ash Arms monofilament chainsaw and an Ares S3 Super Squirt. Just kidding. Those would be good. 
MM: But seriously though. 
BB: Dude, you could use a chainsaw though. 
MM: And what about a blow dart? I’ve been really thinking that would be great for your character to have a little blow gun.
BB: We’re all talking about stuff we bought and now we’re just trying to pimp Tech Wizard outside. Like…
Z: You, know dude? You should go back in there, Tech. 
TW: I think. I—I—
Z: You sure you don’t want any weapons at all? I mean they got a lot of weapons inside. 
DR: Dude, a blow gun is only 15 Nuyen. Truthfully, we should all buy blow guns. 
Z: I’m going to be honest. I have a pretty strict rule on not using any weapons that can’t be withdrawn into my body at a second’s notice. 
TW: Alright, I’ll buy a blow gun. 
DR: Thank you. 
P: Yay. 
DR: Blow guns, to be honest, could probably go right up your poop chute. 
Z: I don’t have a poop chute. 
TW: Hey, I got a...What? 
Z: I’m kidding, guys. I’ve got a poop chute. 
DR: Oh Jesus. 
P: Oh. 
Z: Don’t have penis though. 
DR: What? 
Z: Just kidding. I got a penis too. 
MM: It’s pretty fun. 
TW: Hey, Ankh? Do you think you could fit a chainsaw and a grenade launcher and a blow gun under a set of drafty wizard’s robes? 
AK: Yeah? I don’t fucking—
TW: Okay, I’m going to take an Ash Arms monofilament chainsaw and a blow gun with 10 darts, please? 
AK: Okee Dokee. 
GR: Cha Ching!
P: Goodbye. 
Z: Pox, come back. 
P: What? I’m back. 
Z: I think we’re all sticking together. 
P: I was just going to step outside. That man makes me nervous. 
Z: Yeah, you were almost about to whip him. I could tell. 
P: I was going to whip him or kiss him. I don’t know. 
DR: So, looks like Tech and I are the only guys who got blow guns. 
Z: Yeah, I’d say that’s pretty accurate. 
TW: I guess we’re the blow brothers. 
GR: Blow boys. 
TW: We’re the blow bo—
DR: Blow boys!
BB: Blow boys!
MM: Look, they make little whistle sounds when you blow them.
BB: And then a dart—
TW: Oh wait. There’s a dart in it. 
P: Oh. 
TW: Oh God. Oh, Ankh. Are you okay? 
P: You got him in the face. 
GR: He’s got him in the...He’s blinking. 
DR: It was a Kamikaze dart. 
GR: His eyelid is blinking around the dart in his eye. 
TW: Oh my God. We have to go. He’s blind to be fair. He’s blind. We’re just going to leave. Good bye. 
Z: Hey, here’s another 100 Nuyen. We were never here. 
DR: Sorry about that. That really blows. 
TW: Ding, Ding. Doorbell. We leave. 
Z: Good thing I was wearing my ‘Skateboarding’s not a Crime’ hat and those sunglasses. He’ll never recognize me now. 
DR: Do you guys want to split up? Maybe you and Tech can go to the cyber store and then Pox and I can get our ride pimped out? 
Z: Look, you don’t have to send someone with me to go to the cyber store, okay? No one else wants to go. You guys think I’m some sort of robotic freak with all these crazy things on my body. 
P: Hey, I never said that. 
TW: Hey, I have a cybernetic implant. 
DR: I did say that. 
Z: Wait. Tech, you have a cybernetic implant? 
TW: Yeah. I guess mentioned it passing once, but…
DR: Never seen his hog? 
GR: Oh, when he was naked earlier? 
TW: Yeah, Z. Did you not notice that when I was naked that my hog was perfectly shapely and reflected light? 
Z: Like prehensile? Yeah, while you were freaking out on the wall, it was kind of like… Like fucking biting in the circle or something? 
TW: You know how essence works with mages, right? 
Z: I just assumed that all the magician’s dicks are just like completely crazy. I’m thinking snakes. 
TW: Not most of them because most of them don’t get cyber implants because it does affect your magic. But I found that my quality of life is a lot better with a cybernetic hog. 
Z: Does that thing…? 
P: A penis? 
MM: Dak was taking a swig. He just did a spit take when Tech Wizard said cybernetic hog. 
DR: Did you say cybernetic hog? 
TW: I did cybernetic hog. Yeah, I mentioned earlier I had a robo dick. But I think you guys took that as a, I don’t know, like a little expression or a term of endearment? No, it’s literally a mechanical hog. 
P: I have so many questions. 
Z: Yeah, I do want to say we should probably call it a robo dick and not a cybernetic hog, just because we have run into cybernetic bison and I’d hate to get confused. 
TW: That’s a great point. Let’s meet in the middle. Call it robo hog. 
P: A robo hog? 
DR: Look, old Dak Rambo had a robo hog for a week. 
TW: You talking about Bubbles? I saw that on your brother’s Facebook. It was your…
Z: Really unclear whether we’re talking about a robotic pig or a dildo. 
TW: It was a little robotic...It was a teacup piglet. 
DR: Oh, I do see your confusion. The answer is ‘yes’ to both. 
Z: Oh, it was a pig that was a robotic dildo as well? 
DR: Nope. It was a pig who was a robotic pig, but I also had robotic dildo for a week at a separate time in life. I did a couple of porno vids down in LA where we’re headed. 
Z: See, I just think you guys think all cybernetic implants are dick related, and I don’t like that. 
DR: No, that’s not true. I know you and you have other robotic implants like robot balls, I’m assuming. 
Z: No. 
TW: Hey, Dak? Can I just say...So, you already have a regular dick. So, I’m imagining you put that one next to your regular dick and would call that a two-headed lizard? 
DR: Well, I would call that a two-headed lizard. But when they did that, they actually took my dick and put in a vat of goop for that week. 
TW: They removed it and put it...Okay. And they put it back on? 
DR: Well, they didn’t remove it. They took it. 
ES: Pox has put her fingers in her ears. 
CT: I’m so sorry. 
MM: Casey Toney just spit all over me. 
DR: Anyway, it was just for a week before they terminated the contract because of some stuff that went down during the shoot, but I was able to take my God-given dick back. 
TW: I definitely should have held onto my hog. At least like—
DR: Wait. You don’t have it in a vat of goop somewhere? 
TW: I mean somebody has it in a vat of goop somewhere. Maybe we’ll meet them someday? 
DR: Sounds to me like a side quest. So, how about this? How about the two robo boys and one half of the blow boys go to the cyber place and then Pox and I—two smartest members of the group—will go to the auto place. Is that cool with you, Pox? 
P: What? Oh, sorry. I’ve had my fingers in my ears. I didn’t hear any of that. I mean I did hear some of it, but then I decided to stop listening. Where are we going? 
DR: I guess we’re going to a car place. 
P: Car place. Yeah, that sounds safe. 
GR: So, Dak Rambo drops the Tech Wizard and Z off at a little establishment known as Metahuman Enhancements. Just a dumb little shack with a crappy ass sign. Okay, so you guys walk into the store. It’s dimly lit. It’s honestly seems kind of scary. Z, did you want to do something? 
BB: Oh, I was just going to say, I think all of these stores have the same ding a ling a ling a ling? And—
GR: Yeah, they all have the same ding a ling a ling a ling. 
BB: But they’re robotic, so it’s not real bells. 
CT: Peoria standard. 
GR: You go in and there’s just one light bulb hanging over a chair and there’s like dried blood and stuff on the ground. 
Z: Hello? 
B: Welcome to my store. 
Z: Oh. 
TW: Hello. 
Z: Hey. I’m—
GR: Metahuman Enhancements. My name is Bloodbutt. 
Z: Oh. 
GR: And this dwarf—who is basically a freaking robot—he’s got a skull for a face. He has human eyeballs, but they’re floating in the eye sockets. And he has a beard that is three-dimensional flames. 
Z: Bloodbutt, maybe you don’t get this question a lot, but are those human eyes inside of your head? 
B: They are. They are the only original human part of me. 
Z: Aren’t you a dwarf? 
B: Who wants… Aren’t you a dwarf? Smelly human. Can’t shorten it sometimes? Walk around saying metahuman all the time? I get knocked off frigging two years of my life just saying metahuman. Oh, don’t you mean human? Aren’t you a dwarf? Yeah, I’m a dwarf. I’m frigging small, but I can make myself big. 
Z: No, Bloodbutt—
GR: And he smacks himself on the butt and these stilts pop out of his feet. 
B: Now, I’m big! I’m so big. 
GR: And it goes out. 
B: And when I say you guys want to get some cyber enhancements? 
Z: Look, bud. I didn’t mean any offense by that. I thought maybe for a second. 
B: It’s okay. 
Z: I thought maybe for a second you were one of those guys who steals other people’s…
B: I just get really fed up with the literalist things sometimes. You don’t know this. You seem like a out-of-towners, but there’s literally a literalist society right next door and they’re up my ass 24/7. Not literally. Excuse me. Anyway, this is me going off on my own life. I’m sorry. 
Z: I was just mainly...It seemed like maybe you were one of those guys who steals other people’s eyes and then puts them inside of his…
B: Oh, I see. No. These are original eyes. 
TW: They’re beautiful. Can I just say? 
B: Thanks. 
Z: Anyway, Bloodbutt. I got a little bit of a shopping list. Should I just rattle all this off? 
B: Let’s see what old Bloodbutt can do. 
Z: Do you buy cyber machine pistols? Because I’d love to sell you the cyber machine pistol in my left hand. 
B: Oh, hell yeah. Pimp. Let’s see what we’re looking at. Yeah, whatever it costs, I’ll pay a quarter for it. 
Z: You’ll pay quarter of the cost? 
B: A quarter of what it would originally cost. Yeah, that’s pretty frigging fair and pretty standard for this sort of thing. 
Z: No, that’s fair. I mean, this cyber machine pistol has seen a lot of use, so I don’t know how useful it’s going to be. 
B: Yeah, you’re right. Normally, I do 15%, but for some reason, everyone in Peoria is real friendly. 
Z: I also got this shotg—
B: Maybe it’s because of that time we held down those robots from trying to overtake us. 
Z: Wait. You guys had an overthrow-robot-type situation? 
B: A bunch of robos tried to take over 30 years ago. It was when I was a little kid. It was really scary. They killed my parents and they—
TW: Woah. 
B: Yeah, they wanted me to become one of of them, and actually I was...can I be honest? The reason I’m a robot right now is because I think robots are really cool. And I really like them. And I believe one day the robos will rise again. Anyway, what was we talking about? You want a frigging…? It’s a quarter to quar...whatever. 
Z: And if could replace that cyber machine pistol with the shock hands. I just bought this fresh from Peoria Weapon Systems. 
B: Boom baby. 
ES: Ding a ling a ling a ling. 
MM: The door swings open and a super obese centaur walks in and says…
OC: Hey, Bloodbutt. Are you guys open right now? 
B: Yeah, it looks like we are open right now. 
OC: Because the door is closed. 
B: Are you like one of of those new members or something? I haven’t seen you around.
OC: You’re going to be seeing a lot of me, and I’m—
B: Oh, I am seeing a lot you right now, okay? Because you’re fat as hell, okay? 
BB and ES: Ha, ha! 
OC: I’m actually not fat as hell because hell is way larger than me. 
B: I cannot…
OC: stand me? Why are you standing? 
Z: Hey, can I just cut in here real quick? 
OC: No. Ow. Don’t cut anything. 
BB: And Zenith has his hands held like scissors. 
OC: That doesn’t look very sharp. 
Z: Oh yeah? You don’t look very sharp. 
OC: Yeah, because I’m a little round and there’s not sharp edges on me. I’m going to leave now. 
B: You suck, dude. You suck. 
OC: I really don’t suck. 
Z: Bloodbutt, I got to say. Those literalists are the worst. 
B: They’re literally the worst. 
OC: Now you’re talking my language and now I’m out. 
ES: Ding a ling a ling a ling. 
Z: That’s one of those literalists? 
B: Yeah, that was a literalist. I guess he’s new. Never seen him before. 
Z: Oh, he’s coming back with somebody. 
ES: Ding a ling a ling a ling. 
OC: I’m back. 
LS: I’m here for the first time. 
Z: Oh man. 
OC: This is my little sis. Her name is Little Sis. She’s a little centaur. 
LS: Yes I am. I’m much littleler. 
TW: It’s nice to meet you guys. Woah. 
LS: I wish I could say it was nice to meet you as well. 
TW: Why would you say that? Why wouldn’t you say that? I just said it to you and I meant it. 
Z: Because they’re literalists. 
TW: But why wouldn’t it literally be nice to meet me? It’s literally nice to meet you. 
LS: I’m literally not sure whether or not it’s nice yet. 
TW: Z, we should get out of here before I cause trouble. 
Z: I have more stuff I want to buy. 
TW: You guys should get out of here before I cause trouble. 
B: Can you guys leave the store? I’m allowed to say that. You guys can leave the store. I’m allowed to refuse business to anyone. You guys suck. 
OC: That’s fine. Because we don’t actually want any business. 
LS: No, we don’t. 
B: I hate you so much. Just get out of this store. I’m just trying to do business right now. 
For Christ’s sake. It’s not easy being a Bloodbu...Just go. 
OC: Bloodbutt. The secret reason we’re here is because we wanted to invite your our literalist party. 
LS: Yeah. 
OC: Literally, it’s at Friday night. At 9:30. 
LS PM. 
OC: You’re literally invited. 
LS: Be there. 
B: It sounds really great. I’ll definitely mark some time off on my calendar to definitely make it. 
LS: Will you mark some time off from your calendar? 
OC: Good luck marking time. Stronger people have tried. 
B: Jesus Christ. 
Z: Hey, buddy—
B: Please leave. 
Z: I think literally—
B: Please, leave the store. Just leave the store. I don’t know why you’re here. 
OC: I told you why I’m here. You’re invited to a—
LS: To invite you to a party. 
B: Okay. Okay.
LS: Are you coming? 
B: No, I’m not going to come. I’m not going to come to your party. You’re not enjoyable. I don’t enjoy you. I want you to go. 
OC: We’re leaving now. 
ES: Ding a ling a ling a ling. 
Z: Man, those guys fucking sucked. 
LS: I’m still only standing here. 
OC: Little sister please come. 
B: Go, go. Just go away. Just fucking go away. Go away.
LS I would just like to say—
OC: Oh boy. 
LS: It has not been nice to meet you, but I would enjoy if you came to the party Friday? 
B: What’s the party for? Why did I ask? 
OC: I’m back now. 
ES: Ding a ling a ling a ling.
OC: It’s to raise awareness for our organization. We’re just trying to broaden people’s understanding of what it is that we are about. 
Z: You guys sound like you are trying so hard not to break some sort of rule that you’ve given your own selves. 
LS: We are. It’s very difficult. 
OC: You literally would probably be a good member of our organization because you seem to be aware of things. 
LS: Very aware and literal. 
Z: You know—
B: Look, I’m trying to cut this guy up to give him new robot parts? 
Z: Yeah, I’m going to be a whole crazy new kind of motherfucker once he’s done with me. 
OC: This man is fucking mothers? 
LS: Are you a mother fucker? Yes. Oh. Wow. 
OC: Revoked. We don’t want you part of our group and you, wizard man? 
TW: Yeah? 
OC: You’re still...The verdict’s out on you. Good...
LS: day.
CT: Have they stepped outside?
MM: Yesh. 
ES: Ding a ling a ling a ling. 
MM: Ding a ling a ling a ling. 
CT: Tech Wizard casts a fucking barrier over the goddamn door. Fucking force 12, baby! Burn an edge. 
MM: Take minus one for your Kamikaze comedown. Because someone’s coming back. They’re gone. 
B: Compared to those guys, you’re basically family. I love you so much compared to how much I hate those guys. So, let’s just frigging roll through this. I can set you up with all that stuff. That sounds good. Yeah, you just sit down in that chair and I’ll…
GR: He takes out a bone saw.
B: I should just get to work I guess. You want to watch? 
TW: Yeah, I’ll watch. 
B: Alright. I’ll wash up. 
Z: Actually, could you watch? I’m going to playing video games the whole time though, so I’m not going to be aware of my body or feel any of this. 
TW: And funny business? 
Z: So, you just got to be here and make sure he’s not fucking with myself. 
B: Yeah, you’re not like squeamish or anything right? 
TW: Yeah, I’m pretty....Yeah, I’d say I’m extremely squeamish. 
B: Okay. Let’s hit it. 
GR: He’s starts going into Z and…
BB: And Z’s awareness goes from watching this huge fucking axe or saw or something—
GR: It’s a bonesaw. 
BB: And then he just flips into this video game he’s always playing. Dragon Storm. 
GR: And as the blood is spraying the walls, let’s cut back over to Dak Rambo and Pox. They’re now pulling up to a little garage. It’s got an f’ed up neon sign that says...it’s got a black sun. It’s black neon going... And it just says, “Garage” underneath. 
P: Dak, what are we doing? 
DR: We’re going get our ride pimped out, mamacita. 
P: Yay. 
DR: Let me just tell you. I hope there are no corn beasts that come out and surprise us. 
P: Don’t say that. 
GR: You hear a big beastly knock on the window. You turn around and you see your friend, Bulbous Frip. A 60-year-old elven woman. Though hard to tell. Bulbous is about 400 pounds. Very muscular. The muscles themselves protrude outwards in thick fleshy squares. She has large tusks protruding from above her cheeks that intertwine and twist down to her chest. 
BF: Well, look at that. It’s Dak Rambo. 
DR: Well, would you look at that. It’s Bulbous Frip. 
BF: Bulbous Frip. 
DR: Can I ask you a question? 
BF: Yeah. 
DR: Did you miss me? 
BF: Ah, baby. I miss you so much. You come give me a big old hug. 
MM: I give Bulbous Frip a big old hug. 
GR: She give you a hug back, and it’s nice. It’s familiar. Her smell is familiar. The way she feels is familiar. 
MM: And what about Dak? Is his smell familiar? Is the way he feels familiar? 
BF: She holds you as though...yes. 
ES: Pox just slowly raises her hand down in between their hug and slides it down in between them. 
MM: Dak puts his hands up. 
P: Hello. 
DR: This is Pox. 
P: I’m Pox. 
BF: It’s very fortunate, wonderful to meet you. To see you here. It is unfortunate to see you here because I hear you are wanted by the honored society, the society of honored truckers. 
DR: Old Dak Rambo may or may not have been kicked out of a certain organization by that name, but I assure you that the circumstances are nebulous at best. And my trucker’s heart is still as pure as your baby blues. 
BF: You still doing gigs? 
DR: I’m still doing gigs. You still offering gigs? 
BF: I I have an underground gig that need’s doing. 
DR: Well, let’s walk inside. 
GR: So, you guys walk inside to the office, and there’s robot drones and people working on cars and stuff here and there. It’s not a huge garage, but there’s a solid staff. 
BF: This is the sort of job we like to say is mouth shut. No questions asked. And you don’t know nothing. 
GR: She pulls out her com and the com shows a three-dimensional image of a big steel tub. 
BF: This right here needs to go to Los Angeles. Would you happen to be heading that way? 
P: Wow. 
DR: Wow. That’s kismet. Because…
P: We’re going right that way. 
DR: Yeah, we’re kind of on the run. 
P: To there. 
DR: We’re headed to Los Angeles to try to make a new life out west. And you’re telling us this metallic 3D tub needs going there? 
P: Now what’s in the tub? 
BF: You don’t ask. 
DR: We can’t ask that question, Pox. 
BF: You do not ask. 
P: Oh, this is the mouth shut part. 
DR: It’s one of those jobs. 
BF: That’s the thing. No questions asked. It’s a big dump.
P: I’ve got a question about you. 
BF: Yeah?
P: I can? 
BF: Mmmhmm. 
P: When you gave Dak a hug, why did you hold on for so long? 
BF: The same reason why he held on for so long. 
DR: Now my question. How’s Junie doing? 
MM: I look over and I see in the office there’s a little windowed office. And there’s a little boy. He’s peeking out at our interaction. 
GR: And he also has weirdly muscular with tiny little tusks coming out of his face, but with a beautiful flowing mullet. 
BF: Junie is strong. 
DR: He has a very strong mother. 
BF: And father. So, you want to take this container to Culver City in Los Angeles? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: Yeah, we’ll take it. No questions asked. 
BF: But just don’t open it. They’ll know if you open it. 
DR: Bulbous. I ain’t going to open it, but I am going to ask you if we can make some modifications on my sweet little ride. 
BF: Toot toot. Let’s go do it. 
DR: So, all in all. A road strip ejector, which lets us throw down spikes and tracking devices. A spoof chip, which lets us be harder to track as well as a morphing license plate. And then the best part is a six-foot mechanical arm that can do basic actions, i.e. hold onto someone who is potentially hanging out or also giving a thumb’s up. 
CT: That rocks. 
BF: How did I know that? A shame Dak Rambo was going to get every single one of those items. Somehow I knew. 
DR: And also, one last thing. Can you repaint the outside of the truck and maybe get rid of that Big Marco guy. Maybe just put NeoScum. 
BF: If you don’t mind my asking, you want a morphing license plate, but you want the words NeoScum written really big on the side of the car? 
DR: Well yeah. The license plate is how some people might try to track us. But—
BF: They’ll probably say, “It’s a big car. It says NeoScum on the side. And the license plate is 1Z7321.” 
DR: Wait a minute. That’s a different license plate. 
P: Hey, Dak? 
DR: Probably another NeoScum. 
R: Hey, I heard you guys talking and I have an idea. 
P: Yes, tall man? 
R: Hi. I work here. 
DR: It says Rusty on your…
P: Rusty. 
R: Yep. You know what we could do? We could just paint NeoSum on every single truck we work on for the next six months. That way no one has any idea which one is yours. 
DR: You’d do that for us? Bulbous? 
BF: Rusty…
R: What do you think, Bulbous? A classic Rusty idea coming straight down the pipes again. 
DR: I like Rusty.
BF: Rusty, your ideas are so outlandish...
P: Amazing. 
BF: and strange. Why do we—
CT: Bing, Bing.
MH: Yep, it’s me. Mark Harris Burger from the bank. Look, I’ve been looking at your numbers and unless you do something drastic for this store, something with a little zazz to get your marketing up there, then I’m afraid you’re going to have to close your doors. 
R: Jesus Christ. This is how you come into a business and deliver bad news out of nowhere? 
MH: Hey, we have a good rapport. We’ve known each other for a long time. 
CT: And he goes over and he hugs her tenderly and does she smell? 
MM: Dak is watching this getting concerned. 
GR: She hugs back. 
BF: It sounds like...Rusty? Get out your spray paint can. 
R: Awesome. 
BF: We’re going to spray paint NeoScum on all the trucks we get. And who cares if that makes the truckers mad. Or whatever. Thinking about that, not to mention the cost of using all that paint just to say NeoScum....
R: Oh man. I didn’t think of that stuff. 
BF: No you didn’t. 
MH: No, no, no. I would call that an investment. 
BB: Are you still hugging? 
MH: Mmmhmm. 
ES: Pox pulls two burgers out of her pockets and hands one to Dak. 
P: Cheers. 
DR: Cheers. 
BB: Oh, also can I have a quick interaction with Bloodbutt when I wake up? 
GR: Yeah.
B: Yes, here we are. 
Z: Oh nice. 
CT: And Tech Wizard got a screw tightened in the tip of his dick. 
Z: Hey, Bloddbutt. My old doc used to do this thing where every time I went under, she would sneak in a fun little secret thing. You didn’t happen to do that, did you? 
B: Maybe Bloodbutt did. 
Z: Oh, you little tricky motherfucker. 
B: I’m a tricky motherfucker. 
Z: Are going to tell me what it is? It’s not a data bomb in my head is it? 
B: It’s not a data bomb, but it rhymes with that. 
TW: I mean I know what it is. I saw him put it in. 
B: Why don’t you say what it was? 
TW: Me? 
B: Yeah. 
TW: It’s a smadish bomb. 
B: It’s a smadish bomb.
Z: Gosh. Did you seriously put a malicious virus inside of my head, man? 
TW: It was a loli. 
B: It was a loli. 
TW: There’s a loli resting somewhere deep inside of you. Thanks for the dick screw. 
Z: What’s that? I think I hear a horn coming from outside. 
BB: And then Z and Tech Wiz run out. 
CT: Ding a ling a ling. 
MM: They run out and they see two centaurs in a car beeping at a badass truck, which has—
BB: has them double parked. 
MM: It’s totally double parked. And it has blue holographic paint on the side, shimmering in the neon lights of Peoria. And in yellow paint it says NeoScum. Is that cool? 
GR: Yeah. 
ES: Yeah, I love it. 
BB: And it’s all just slightly smeared because you guys left before it was 100% dry. 
MM: But this smear, it looks cool. 
BB: Oh no, no. It looks dope. 
ES: It looks cool, but it looks like—
BB: Almost like an artistic layer effect. 
LS: Excuse me. Will you people get out of the road? 
CT: I’m going to guess is that robotic arm the one that’s shaped into middle finger directly in front of the windshield of those assholes? 
MM: Yeah, those two horsey people? 
CT: Yeah. 
MM: Yeah, it is. And check this out too. It gives them the shaka. 
GR: So, now it’s nighttime. Nighttime in Peoria. Town is just about as exciting as ever, which is to say, a little bit more exciting with these guys in town. The gang giggles and laughs as they drive their way toward the old folk’s home where Tech Wizard’s Nana...Let’s bring the camera back to the hamburger machine that people were talking to at the beginning. The hamburger machine, let’s say, is really close to that weapon’s store. That weapon’s store guy is stumbling out with a bolt in his eye. 
SC: Ah, God. I just need…
GR: And he takes out his com.
SC: Yeah, I think I need an ambulance or something? Wair. How come this com isn’t working anymore? 
GR: Shaking it in front of his thing. And then a milkshake appears in the little loading dock area and then the light turns and it’s just a little smiley face with evil eyes. And the milkshake fires out. Cut to black. 
MM: Cool. 
GR: I was trying to say the milkshake killed him. Got killed by a milkshake. 
BB: Oh, that’s fucking dub as hell, man. 
MM: That milkshake monster better remember who freed it. 
BB: He didn’t seem very happy with me once we had our last conversation, so…
ES: No, he did not. 
MM: I don’t know why you didn’t just unplug it. 
Z: Are you guys out of burgers? 
P: Out. 
DR: Hold on. 
MM: Dak reaches into his pocket, but it’s his new suede jacket and he pulls out a little Rubik's cube. He goes…
DR: What the hell? You want this, Rusty? 
R: No. Those things confuse the shit out of me. 
DR: Hey, Mr. Burger? 
MH: I’ll put it with the rest. 
BB: He just has a bag. He carries it with him. 
BF: He went for the bag. He’s very smart. 
MH: Well, I’m off to do some Kamikaze and punch a wall. It was good seeing you, Bulbous? 
Z: I thought you said you know us for a long time, mate. 
MH: I do. I have absolute power to cut out my not knowing that name. What is it? Bulbous. 
GR: Yeah, it is. You got it right. 
MH: Well, Bulvous. 
DR: Bulbous. Get it right. 
MH: Is it Bulbous or Bulvous? 
P: Bulbous. 
Z: I don’t know. 
BF: I don’t know. Did we make love or not? 
MH: Oh boy. You always get yourself in this mix, Burger. 
BB: Rusty is just sitting there blankly looking at the banker and blue paint is slowly driveling out of his nose. 

[EPISODEBREAK13]

CT: Character creation tools and management tools for NeoScum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information.
MM: Where’s my PP brigade?
BB: Ring, ring. PP phone.
BB: My PP only calls in.
MM: Hello to Brenda.
ES: Hello?
BB: Also, in my head the PP’s are 20 ft. tall and resemble upside down penguins.
MM: Sort of like Pox.
BB: Yeah.
GR: So lights up on a room not well lit. Old fashioned, fluorescent lights hanging in the ceiling. Buzzing...flickering, not looking so good. Where are we? Why, it smells of age and decay and illness. In this room we can hear a and why that is the sound of the robotic respirator inside one Margery Purpler. The gang is gathered around a sort of Tutankhamun…
BB: Esque?
GR: Esque sarcophagus, with a woman’s, a live human woman’s face where the face would be. 
MM: Oh my god.
GR: And also next to the sarcophagus is a bowl full of Werther’s Butterscotch.
MM: I’m sorry to ask but are there any jean beans, Gannon?
GR: There are jelly beans next to the Werther’s. Slightly smaller bowl, which is why I did not describe it.
MM: I’m happy to know that it was in a bowl, they were not loose leaf.
GR: They were not loose leaf, but you’re in the room the lights a quivering, looking upon ol’ Margery Purpler.
BB: Z takes a knuckle and raps it up against the tank.
DR: Aw come on Z, don’t do that.
Z: Hey sorry, no, I’m just...no this is a pretty good piece of hardware-
DR: There’s a woman in there.
Z: No, I know. This is impressive, though. I mean, this is better than I thought. I mean, look at these lights, huh?
TW: That’s my grandma.
Z: Did you really think that they were going to be this nice of a medical facility inside of this building?
DR: I’ll tell ya what, I didn’t know what to expect, but I defer to Tech Wizard at this moment.
Z: Was she like this last time you came?
TW: It’s been a long time since I last successfully visited. And some things have changed, but I see that your spirits are still good Nana!
GR: Her eyes and face wake up, but in a way that’s sort of like the uncanny valley. There’s a procedure that’s sometimes done on stroke victims where little robots are put underneath the skin to move your face, in the stead of your own muscles being able to movie the face. So it looks slightly robotic but also very realistic.
P: Tech...
GR: And she looks at you and smiles.
N: Well hello, if it isn’t my sweet grandson.
TW: Hi, Nana.
CT: And he shuffles up to the little sarcophagus and he holds it close. And he moves his little lippies up to the glass, and he gives her a long, prolonged, gentle kiss. Just holding against the glass. He’s smiling at first, but this eyebrows tense and furrow. And then he backs off.
N: Mmmm so nice to have a kiss from my grandson.
P: She’s scary.
DR: Pox, come on!
P: I’m sorry.
Z: Pox probably hasn’t see anybody in this condition before, maybe.
DR: Hey, hey there Nana. Just want to say, you’ve got a wonderful grandson. He's the CEO of a company, that we all work for him at and—
Z: Except for this woman who is his girlfriend?
P: Nana! Mmmmm, love you!
TW: Nana, I am successful in both areas of business and personal life.
N: So good to see two lovers in a room where I have seen so few human beings.
P: I’m a human being, also I see you have this candy. Mmmm.
N: Feel free to have some. If you are indeed intimate with my son, you are welcome to my precious and valuable Werther’s.
P: I’m so intimate with your son, I will take some.
ES: And she takes the entire bowl and puts it in her coat.
CT: Can we have you each say grandson, unless that was an intentional mistake.
GR: Oh.
N: Your grandson. Your grandson?
BB: Your grandson.
ES: My grandson.
MM: Your grandson?
N: My gran, gran, gran— 
Z: Oh my god, Nana are you alright?
N: Gran, gran, gran, gran, gran,
BB: Z starts really rapping at the tank.
N: Resetting. 
P: Resetting?! 
N: Resetting.
P: Resetting?!
TW: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
N: Family Resetting.
P: What’s happening?! She’s dying!
Z: Wait, wait, guys I’m going to hack her.
N: 100% uploaded. My grandson!
DR: I think we’re good. Mrs. Nana, I just wanted to say I know, I am not intimate with your grandson, but can I please have one of the remaining jelly beans?
N: Mhmm, indeed. Friendship is its own form of intimacy.
DR: Truer words have never been spoken.
Z: Hey guys, can we do a quick sidebar real quick?
DR: Mrs. Nana can we take a sidebar?
N: I think that is fine.
TW: I’ll miss you
Z: So, TW, quick little question. Did you notice that whole little thing where she forgot whether or not you were...Did that all seem pretty cool to you, like all pretty standard?
TW: No I mean but she’s getting up there.
P: I get the feeling that something’s not right, and I want to roll on the floor.
MM: You can say that again if you wanted to do an action and said, “roll dice,” but didn’t want to talk about dice.
ES: I don’t want to talk about dice.
GR: Want do you want to do?
ES: I want to roll my perception check whatever that is. 
GR: Ok great.
MM: Die you should talk about die.
ES: I want to roll die. I want to know if she died.
DR: Guys in the meantime, I just want to say I have an elaborate backstory for this company that Tech Wizard manages. It’s called Tech Wizard Industries, and we hunt cyber terrorists.
Z: Okay.
DR: 100% kill rate.
Z: 100%?
DR: We kill every terrorist we hunt!
Z: Wait, cyber terrorists? 
DR: Cyber terrorists.
Z: Do you know how hard it is to find the physical bodies of cyber terrorists?
DR: That’s why it’s more impressive to Nana.
Z: Personally, not saying I am a cyber terrorist, but I’ve worked in a position that a lot of people would call cyber terrorist.
DR: Don’t, you work for Tech Wizard.
ES: I need some dice. I need 9 dice.
CT: Your proper use of—
ES: I got two hits.
CT: Your proper use of dice made me very proud, Eleni.
BB: Well she said, “die,” which was the proper use.
CT: She didn’t. She said—
ES: I said dice
MM: It’s completely random though, so don’t get attached to it. 
ES: Die is one die.
BB: Right but you’re going to roll some die.
CT: She’s going to roll some dice.
ES: I’m going to roll dice.
BB: No, it’s a dice—
ES: No. 
BB: It’s multiple die?
CT: Stop it. Fuck you.
ES: No, it’s a die. 
BB: I don’t know guys. 
MM: I got a question though. Don’t look it up. I’ve got a question. Does Pox find the magic shit that’s wrong with Nana with two hits?
GR: Doesn’t seem like anything is funky, but at the same time…I mean you think it’s weird the way her face is moving around but like...
P: I don’t know you guys. It seems…I don’t know, I can’t tell.
TW: Look it’s just my grandma. I’m sorry that she’s old, and I guess needs assistance from machines, and maybe that’s not acceptable to some people.
DR: Apology accepted.
Z: I guess the point I was just trying to make when I pulled you guys aside was just she literally said the word uploading, right?
DR: Well, she’s got magic plugs in her brain, I’m sure she probably uploads once a day. Hell, I’m about to upload this space weed joint. Is it cool if I smoke in here?
TW: I don’t know. 
P: I guess, coming from the most technologically inclined and adapted person here…
Z: Okay, you can call me a freak like you want to call me.
P: I don’t want to call you a freak! Don’t put words in my mouth! I said person. A robot man.
Z: Okay. 
P: You freak.
Z: Okay. 
P: Anyway...
MM: Dak takes a drag from his space weed, and blows weed, sort of, directly at Nana without really realizing that he’s just blowing weed into one of her vents.
TW: Look guys—
GM: Nana looks back and she says,
N: I’m not a lawyer, but it seems to me like your sidebar is over. So, what brings you here today? It’s been so long since I saw you.
TW: I’ve tried to visit, I really have. The staff didn’t make it easy. The staff didn’t make it easy. Plus, I’ve been actually with my business, I’ve been out in Indianapolis. I was doing some cool things in the city. It’s just...I’m actually leaving for awhile, and I wanted to see you to say goodbye.
N: Can repeat that, I’m high as hell right now.
DR: Aww yeah!
N: Baby. Psych! I caught all of that, baby. Baby. Oh yeah. Ooh, I love smoking joints.
TW: She always loves smoking joints.
Z: This has allayed a lot of my fears about our earlier interaction
P: Oh, I don’t know, I feel like she’s acting really bizarre.
Z: I mean she’s getting into it, you know? She’s feeling it.
DR: Pox, look, she just made her little neon lights on the bottom of her control panel red, green and yellow.
P: She’s dancing, she’s dancing! Look at her—
Z: Guys can I just say, you know what would be fucking sweet? Is if we rig Nana up into some sort of crazy robo suit at some point and got her really tromping all over the place, you know what I mean?
DR: I want her to join the party!
Z: What do you think Tech Wiz?
P: I just want her to be happy. Are you happy? Nana?
N: Uhhh, I love my home here.
TW: Aw, Nana.
DR: Your homies?
N: Nah, I’m just kidding. I just want to die.
TW: Nana!
N: I just...don’t give me that! You get to an age and you just look forward to the ultimate silence. Not in a way that is sad or happy. I’ve lived long enough, and this robotic tomb… I just want a hard pass on the whole thing.
Z: Alright Dak, well you’re the closest to the plug, man. I think—
TW: Woah, woah, woah. 
Z: Hey, woah, dude...
DR: Nana. Mrs. Nana, if you want Ol’ Dak Rambo to pull the plug, then all you have to do is tell me I should do it.
N: Meh, I’ll find my own time. It’s ok. I can see this bothers old Squirt.
TW: Nana, humans can live supported by technology for like two hundred years now.You can’t…
N: Yeah…
TW: You can’t leave me…
N: Mhmm.
TW: You’re the only one I have!
N: Yeah bro, I hear you, but this friggin sucks.
TW: Nana…
N: Maybe, that’s the weed talking, but…Oh boy. Didn’t mean to be a buzzkill. Have you had any candy yet?
TW: No, no, I’ll have a—
DR: Pox got all the Wether’s. I got stuck with the shitty ass jelly beans...
P: You can just ask and I’ll give you one. 
Z: Hey, some of these jelly beans look pretty good! What’s this one’s flavor?
BB: And Z picks out the cleary, it’s the gross flavor. 
DR: That’s meat flavored.
BB: Pops it in his mouth.
Z: Yeah this does taste pretty bad, actually.
N: Squirt. Can you do me a flavor?
TW: Yeah, Nana.
N: Can you put a Werther’s in my mouth?
P: Here you go, Tech
ES: She hands him a Werther’s.
CT: He slowly unwraps it, and he presses the button on the latch that covers her...Is her face popping out?
GR: Well, we said it was covered in glass before so lets say... She breathes with her mouth.
TW: OK, here. Original like we used to have. 
GR: Puts it on her tongue, and then she takes it in. Closes again. She’s enjoying it. 
P: Mmm!
TW: Nana, I love you, ok? And I’ll miss you. Please take care of yourself.
N: I love you, Squirt. Oh.
CT: Tech Wizard starts to cry, and he leaves the room.
Z: Hey Nana, got any good stories about old Tech Wiz that we can raz him about later?
DR: Yeah, we never call him Squirt Purpler, his real god given name.
N: Tank Wizard?
Z: Tech Wizard, he’s like a magician.
N: That’s right, his TV show.
Z: Yeah!
N: I remember Squirt as a boy. He cared so much for the other children on the block. Always looking out for them, that when the hard times came, and they forced us to leave, he stood up. Oh, it’s a long story and a sad story…
DK: I think we’re all game to listen for however long the story is. I see there’s three stools right here.
GR: She tells a long and touching story about how when they were displaced from their...His father was magic sensitive and that caused some trouble. And they were displaced from their magic ghetto in Idaho when Tech was about four years old. Basically the story is, when the Lone Star troops were moving them, Tech Wizard kicked at their shoes. He was so young they weren’t going to hurt him, but it was something that she would go on to tell other members of the family for a long time. And, it’s a very cherished memory of hers.
MM: The three of us listen to the story patiently and respectfully. At the end of the story, let's say there’s a moment of silence before Dak Rambo asks Nana,
DR: Now Mrs. Nana, I know you’ve lived a hard and long life. If there is any one person on this planet that you want me to put a bullet in their brain. All I need is a name.
P: He really means that.
DR: No judgement.
Z: No, he’s dead serious.
DR: I will visit them like an angel of death, and the last thing they’ll see is a bullet going right into their eye courtesy of ol’ Nana and ol’ Dak Rambo.
GR: Her eyes widen.
DR: Our little secret.
N: Come closer to me.
MM: Dak Rambo comes closer.
N: Faeglen Morose.
DR: Faeglen Morose.
Z: I got it.
P: Faeglen…
DR: It’s been a pleasure working for your son. 
N: You all seem so sweet and to the young lady. I hope one day you and Squirt can get married.
P: I hope that you are there to see what really happens.
DR: You know I am a chaplain. I could get you married right here in front of Nana, if you want.
GR: Her eyes light up!
P: Oh, we’re not ready quite yet. But— 
Z: That’s fair. Tech’s got a lot of weird, weird stuff that you kind of have to work through, right?
P: He’s got to sort out, you know. Sort it out first.
DR: That’s your boss.
Z: Yeah, he’s my boss, but you know, I like to raz him a little bit.
DR: Hey, does anyone remember name Nana said?
Z: Faeglen Morose.
DR: Faeglen Morose.
Z: I got it. Do you want me to conduct a Matrix search on it real quick?
P: Hey, Nana? 
DR: Let’s wait for a good time.
Z: Okay.
P: I’ve got to say something. Nana, I stole this entire bowl of Werther’s from you, and I stole the bowl. Can I have them? Can I have it all? Can I have the entire bowl of candy? Can I take...but I won’t take the jelly beans—
N: Ummm...
P: How bout half?
GR: She’s making that face.
P: Ah they’re so good, ah they’re so good! Alright, I’ll put it back.
ES: And she puts it back.
N: Oh, help yourself to a handful.
P: I appreciate that, and you’re the first person I’ve ever told that I’ve stolen something from. I’m very sorry that I told you, because otherwise I would have gotten out of here without telling you! Thank you!
ES: She takes two handfuls.
MM: Dak also takes a handful.
ES: There’s only four Werther’s left in the bowl.
DR: Z?
BB: Z takes one more jelly bean and it’s-
ES: Onion.
MM: Onion meat flavored.
BB: Onion meat.
Z: Ah, goddammit none of these are good
BB: And we pop outside, and he tosses it at Tech Wizard, who catches it in his mouth.
CT: Accidently, because he heard you coming, and he turned and he went,
TW: Wha-?
CT: And you toss it in his mouth. And it goes flying.
MM: Into Dak Rambo’s mouth, and he catches it like a wide receiver.
BB: A wide mouth receiver.
DR: Tech!
Z: How you doing, buddy?
TW: Hey guy, I just want to say thanks. I’ve never had friends that have actually met my family or anything. My Nanna’s the only family they had to meet, and I guess it’s never really gotten to that so…Anyway, you didn’t have to be here, thank you.
DR: Tech, your fly’s down. And your robe. I can see your hog.
P: Oh god! Why’d you point that out! Oh god!
CT: Tech Wizard shamefully tucks his little...He doesn’t tuck it. Tech Wizard shamefully retracks mechanically his Robo-Hog.
MM: It’s cool when Dak Rambo jokingly says that just to make you look, and then it turns out that your mechanical hog is actually indeed out.
TW: I’ve been wondering if there’s not something a little strange about how convenient that is
P: You think your Nanna’s...Nevermind.
TW: Okay.
GR: Are you thinking that his Robo-Hog was out the whole time he was talking to his Nanna? Cuz I was thinking that!
 
ES: No that’s not what I was thinking, but!
P: You think she saw it? You think she has questions about what’s going on down there?
TW: Pox you better shut the fuck up right now and—
P: I mean, she shouldn’t, she shouldn’t have questions. She’s entirely a robot now by this point.
Z: Right but that does bring up a pretty good point, though. What is going on down there?
TW: I’m going to the fucking car
DR: We’re going to the truck, we’re going to Xanadu
Z: We’ve done enough damage here I think, but honestly if you ever want me to hack the robots in her face and give them a little upgrade, you know who to call, my buddy! I love you, man. That’s what I was thinking the whole time. What if I hack the robots in her face and figured out they if were being controlled by someone else and making her talk from a different computer or something. That’s all I could think about the whole we were talking. 
P: Just do it now. 
TW: Right, right, right. I’d kinda, rather not know if that were the truth, but—
DR: Let’s not know.
Z: That’s what I thought, you know? 
P: Let’s not know?
TW: Can we talk about the fact that you love me?
Z: I said, “love you bud,” which is kinda like a, more like a casual phrase more than like real true love.
TW: Yeah, but it’s still like a form of love.
Z: Hey man, I’m gonna level with you, haven’t had a lot of close personal friends, okay? I’m kinda afraid to—
TW: Well, you have one here.
Z: No. Hey! hey!
CT: Tech Wizard grabs him and gives him a tight squeeze.
BB: Can I roll Escape Artist here?
MM: Pox and Dak look at each other. And they smile
GR: Next thing you guys know, star wars edit. You’re in the truck.
DR: Alright gang, so we’ve got new threads. We’ve got cool guns and blow darts! I think other folks should have gotten blow darts. Still not too late to go back and pick up another blow gun and some blow darts.
TW: I’ll tell you what, there’s room for two more in the blow boys.
Z: I’m okay.
P: You’re going to go back? Can’t I just take yours and use it? 
DR: No.
TW: No.
P: What?
Z: No. You don’t blow another man’s blow gun.
P: You don’t blow another man’s blow gun.
DR: We went to the Bloodbutt place, that sounded cool. Those literalists sure suck. And we got Xanadu pimped the F out. Did you guys see the arm on the side?
MM: Dak Rambo sticks his hand out the window and a mechanical arm swings down and gives him a high five that’s way too hard and hurts his hand, but he doesn't want you to know that it hurt.
DR: That’s my man, Xanadu. Just playing. Xanadu is a lady.
CT: Tech Wizard just thinks to himself at that moment “Dak is so strong.”
BB:Yeah, you’ve really impressed the whole team with that, although on the inside you are in pain.
MM: Yeah, Dak actually knocked himself out and is— 
CT: The car goes careening off the road
DR: Oh, I don’t know if I told Z and Tech, but there’s some sort of hot contraband in the back of the truck that we’re taking to L.A. as a sort of sweet, little trucking mission
P: Yeah, but don’t even worry about it. It looks so cool.
Z: Oh is that the cooler in the back?
DR: Not sure if it’s a cooler but it’s awfully cold.
TW: Is this going to cover us for gas and everything? Making this trip basically free?
DR: To be honest, I forgot how much money we’re getting venmoed for this one. I think it was ten million nuyen.
GR: Shut. Up.
P: It was…a lot… 
Z: I think it was more money than what exists in the world.
P: It was like five houses for each of us.
DR: Duncle Zan’s will...
Z: It was definitely going to mess up the economy of the entire game. You know like when World of Warcraft had that whole auction house thing and the economy crashed. That’s like what we’re talking about.
DR: Damn.
TW: Damn dude.
DR: They need more regulations on those big warcraft banks.
TW: Yeah when they...
CT: Oh come on, there’s a Dod Frank joke in here somewhere.
GR: OK, it pays 25,000 total.
DR: Yeah, it pays 25,000 nuyen total, and less if we open it, so let’s not look. My personal guess is that there’s a dead angel in there. Everyone gets one guess real quick. Pox?
P: I’m going to say it’s two clowns and they’re conjoined but they’re alive.
GR: Z when you look at the container you have that weird twinge of guilt that a person feels sometimes when a childhood memory that is unpleasant is awakened in them, but it’s so small you brush it off.
Z: Uh, yeah, what Pox said.
P: Yeah, clowns.
Z: Definitely clowns.
TW: Well, it’s a dead angel for me, obviously.
DR: Well it looks like two for the blow boys went with the dead angel. It looks like the no blows…
CT: This is the moment where Dak and Tech premier their secret handshake, high five thing.
MM: Yeah, and Dak accidentally punches Tech in the face.
BB: No, woah...
TW: You said you wouldn’t punch me in the face when we did this. 
DR: I thought that we lead with the punch. 
TW: No, we said...
P: That was almost—
TW: No punching. 
P: Almost cool. 
TW: But that’s okay. 
DR: I’m sorry. Yeah, so we’re doing that. I don’t know. I don’t have any business left in Peoria. 
TW: Yeah, where's the next stop, guys? 
Z: I think we’re tooled up and ready to go, personally. 
GR: So, originally we wanted to go to Los Angeles because Dak feels like he’s got an inside with Grant Junctall. 
MM: Oh yeah. 
GR: But also, this trucking job takes you right to Los Angeles. 
MM: True, but we wanted to go there before that. And I think we should honor that real quick by saying,
DR: Look, when we go to Los Angeles, we’re all going to make it. We’re going to be stars. 
Z: Wait, you want to get famous in Los Angeles? 
TW: Guys, I said there’s one thing better than money, baby. Fame. Dirty, nasty fame. 
P: In terms of fame, I would prefer the fortune over the fame, partially because people are out to get me. If I become famous, I become accessible. 
TW: But you become famous, you also become powerful. That’s the thing, guys. We’re getting chased by all these frigging fools, and basically right now, it’s just us. But think if we had the whole frigging, the hordes of teens and young adults on the Matrix out there on our side, screaming our name. That is how we become invincible, guys. 
DR: And furthermore, I got a sweet beach bungalow over a bong store on Venice Beach. And this place is nice. 
TW: I’ve seen the zillow. 
P: That does sound very nice. 
Z: I will say I’ve looked up some pictures of Venice Beach, and it seems like a trashy part of L.A. personally. 
TW: Oh Jesus Christ. 
Z: Just going to say that from…
P: Is it scary? 
Z: No, no. I mean not scary. But that’s where all the skateboarders and the weed shops are, right? 
DR: Yeah, and also the giant decomposing body of a giga giant. 
Z: Oh yeah. That. The huge giga giant. It got washed up on the beach, right? 
DR: Washed up on the beach. I know like a damned whale. He was a surfer. You should have seen the surfboard. 
P: And they just left it. They didn’t even cut it up and put it—
Z: You can’t. 
P: You can’t? No? 
Z: Too big. 
DR: You can’t move a giga giant. 
Z: You can’t cut through his skin without anything less than a…
TW: Guys, I fail to see how...
P: So, there it is. 
TW: Any of this is not frigging sweet. 
DR: And besides, what happens? We stay here in Peoria. We kick around for a couple of weeks, kicking it with Nana, getting hella’ faded off that Chronic. And then what? Big Marco and his hired goons come and get us? 
TW: Yeah right. 
Z: Or Lonestar after we hypnotized all those cops and stuff. 
TW: Or Pox’s frigging family. 
DR: Yeah, by the way, Pox. You want fortune? Didn’t you have fortune when you were living with your Fortune 500 company family? 
TW: You know it’s not about money. 
P: I did but that’s different. My family are really bad people. That’s absolutely the other kind of fortune I want. I want fortune from causing mayhem. From getting the bad men down. And killing the bad people. 
Z: Also, at the end of the days, guys. We’re Shadowrunners. And we were technically given a job to deliver something to L.A., right? 
TW: Let’s do it. 
DR: And we got this sick little app called Dark Movers that lets us pick up jobs left and right. And with a 2.1 rating like I have, you know that job’s going to get done. 
Z: Yeah, I think if we all combine our ratings, it’ll be pretty good. 
DR: We add them up, right? 
TW: I’ve almost got one. 
Z: Well, yeah you add them up and then you divide them by the number that you added up. 
P: 20. 
DR: Didn’t like that last step. 
Z: Why? 
DR; Because it makes the number lower. 
P: That’s true. 
Z: But it would still just be weighted in a way. Okay, let’s just get on the road. 
P: But luckily it brings your number up. 
DR: I don’t know how it could get any higher.
GR: In order to travel to Los Angeles, there are a few routes you can take. The I-80.
BB: Ohh, like that one. 
GR: For truckers. 
DR: Hey. 
GR: The I-40 known as the Ghost Highway. 
CT: Wait. Why? 
GR: And the I-70 aka, Ghouls Gulch. 
ES: Oh, ghosts and ghouls. 
CT: Just really quickly, Gannon. Can you just give us a quick rundown on each of these? 
GR: I can because let’s say it’s a combination of…
BB: Yeah, Z—
GR: of Z’s map layout.... 
BB: Mapsoft. 
GR between this and Los Angeles and—
Z: Let me just boot my Transys Avalon real quick. 
GR: And also, Dak, you can sound off on things you might know about these areas as a trucker who’s…
DR: I might know. I definitely know.
GR: So, the I-80..... It’s not officially known as the trucker route. Dak knows it as the trucker route because it is basically the only route taken by commercial vehicles or private vehicles. It’s relatively safe. As safe as anything can be in this world. Travelling massive distances between cities, which is to say not terrifically safe. There’s always a good chance you’ll run into gangers, but you’re getting a lot of truckers down that. Dak Rambo, you know, that the truckers up and down that way will be running with the Society of Honored Truckers, aka the League of Truckers. 
MM: Isn’t there always a chance though that a fellow renegade trucker may show their hollowed face? 
GR: It’s possible. But there’s a about a 100% chance that you’ll be seeing...League of truckers. And I’m not saying you can’t take that, but you know you’re run to guys who will be recognizing you, cause you are currently blacklisted. Booted. Kick your button, run your corpse of keel haul style. 
MM: They would have to make some rolls before they did that Gannon. 
FR: Exactly. But it’s straight away with a few turns. Pretty well up kept and also you’re getting a Lonestar presence. Next to that you have the Ghost Highway. which is also a highway taken by some truckers of greater grit, but it’s mostly overrun with motorcycle gangs. Specifically, this area is home, you know, to the Devil Girls. A biker gang of women and Ghost Riders. And also the Hot Doggers. 
CT: Gannon, are they actual ghosts and are they actual hot dogs? 
GR: No. 
CT: Which to which? 
GR: No to no. 
DR: Real quick. Dak Rambo’s an honorary Hot Dogger. From way back when. 
GR: Yeah. That’s cool. Hot Doggers are like the Green Party to the Democrats and the Republicans. If you can imagine lots of Devil Girls, lots of Ghost Riders, and a weirdly consistent amount of Hot Doggers, but definitely don’t have the presence of the other ones. 
MM: Quantity over quality.
GR: That’s right, baby. 
MM: My non Hot Dog man. 
GR: Also, the road is not as kept up. Much high potential for danger, getting jacked. But that’s the sort of danger you understand once you go down the Ghost Highway. Ghoul’s Gulch can best be described as an irradiated wasteland. There is almost no road to be seen, taken only by those with great grit and sometimes desire for treasure and adventure. It’s off road, I mean on this part of the road, you’re really seeing the worst of the nuclear warfare that happened in the early aughts. There’s a pretty high ghoul presence. Some pretty gnarly beasts up and down that stretch of land. Every now and then you’ll get a trucker or a ganger. Basically no truckers except for the most insane. There’s a group known as The Bastards that are pretty prevalent in that area, and there sociopathic cannibals. Well known to be sociopathic cannibals. 
DR: The Hot Doggers do not like The Bastards. Mortal enemies. 
BB: This conversation, as it takes place, in the truck is Z projecting information from his ocular drone on the wall and giving a Power Point presentation of various info he has and then Dak just constantly interrupting to give these little anecdotes about, “Oh and the Hot Doggers…”
DR: Sounds like your fantasy, Blair. 
P: I got distracted. Hot dogs sounds really delicious, so… What’s it? What is it again? 
Z: Well, honestly, my vote is definitely take the Hot Doggers route, because— 
P: What are they? What’s a Hot Dogger again? 
DR: A Hot Dogger is a crazy type of go ganger that always shows off the flashy side, while also being down to chill and kick with his fellow Hot Dogs in the bun zone. That’s what they call their big hangout spot. 
P: That definitely sounds like the cutest route that we can take. 
TW: And you’re friends with the Hot Doggers? 
DR: I’m friends with a Hot Dogger who under a drunken stupor, deputized me as a junior Hot Dogger. 
Z: Oh, did he teach you all the secret handshakes and code phrases? 
DR: He taught me one and then he Hot Dogged his way right into a ball pit. What? 
Z: But you’re still, you have deputy status or something? 
DR: Check out this tattoo. 
MM: And he holds up his left wrist. And underneath a Hello Kitty tattoo is a big old hot dog with vampire fangs and a little cartoon face. 
P: Oh my God. It’s so cute, that little hot dog. 
TW: Okay guys, here what I’ll say. I have always wanted to kill a cannibal. I think that’d be like a cool thing to do, but in equal measure, I have always wanted to not be eaten. 
P: Well, I was—
TW: And it really seems that depends on circumstance. 
P: I don’t think we’re going to be eaten because we’re just better than them. And also, don’t you want to kill some beasties? Some like crazy beasties? I want to see them and kill them. And they inevitably are bad, so why not find them? See what they are. Kill them and smoosh them and then we can be the lords of the ghoul patrol.
ES: What is it called? 
BB: Ghoul Gulch. 
ES: Yeah, Ghoul Gulch. 
DR: Look, I don’t got radioactive—
Z: What I was just going to say is like, are there are even roads on that third path? Can Xanadu go over it? 
GR: Xanadu could drive through there. It’s a path, but it’s like obstructions, frequent obstructions. Some pretty serious environmental hazards are all great potentials in that area. 
GR: A little faster actually than some others.
MM: Would I take a minus one to anything, Gannon? Be honest. 
GR: Yeah, there would be penalties for the roughness of the road. 
DR: Don’t likey. 
CT: What about gas and stuff like that? 
DR: I got a full tank right now. It is the future, so I get slightly better mileage than maybe a 2017 listener might have. 
BB: So, we’re talking like 35 miles per gallon on a semi truck? 
MM: Yeah. That’s about right. 
BB: Yeah, that’s pretty good. 
CT: That’s great.
MM: But I’ve got a lot of gallons. 
BB: How many gallons? 
MM: Mmm, wouldn’t you like to know? 
BB: No, but for real. How many gallons do you have? 
ES: Do you have more than 40 gallons? 
TW: I will say I had to personally siphon 16 of them…
MM: With his mouth.
TW: before we met up with you guys. 
Z: Well, 16’s not going to get us very far. 
TW: Well, I don’t know. There could be a lot more. I just know that I was sucking gas for a solid day and a half.
DR: It was a week. 
P: Well, what’s 35 times 16? That’s more that 350. That’s all I know. 
Z: But that’s not enough miles to get us to L.A. 
P: Nope. It’s not. 
DR: No, we’re going to have to go to a town and re-up. 
Z: Right, that’s what I’m saying though. Ghoul Gulch sounds like we’re going to get stuck in the middle of an irradiated wasteland with a bunch of sociopathic cannibals without gas. 
DR: I was reading—
P: Yeah, and then we’re going to murder them. 
DR: I was reading Trucker Weekly, and there is a way to make your truck radiation proof if you were to go on an irradiated highway like Ghoul Gulch. But I spent all my money on that cool arm over there, so what does the arm think we should do? 
MM: And it just gives me the finger.
DR: Come on, Xanadu! “Xana don’t.” 
MM: Dak does a little dance. 
TW: Guys, I got to put my vote in for hot dog highway. 
Z: I’m also going to vote hot dog highway. 
DR: Pox? 
P: What are you voting? 
DR: I’m waiting to find out what you vote to see if I have enough power of a tie breaker. 
Z: But you wouldn’t in any case.
P: You wouldn’t because if I voted the other thing...
Z: There’s literally not way the last person is the tie breaker. 
DR: I meant to say tie maker.
P: And then the finger, I mean the hand can be the tie breaker. 
Z: Oh yeah. We’ll leave it up to the hand. 
P: Maybe and vote for the same thing that I vote. 
DR: Okay. 
P: Wait, what’s that one called? Ghost land? 
Z: Ghost—
TW: Ghoul Gulch. 
DR: We don’t need to vote for it ff you can’t—
P: No, there’s Ghoul Gulch and there’s Ghost Runaway. What?
TW: That’s also the Hot Dog one. 
Z: The hot dog one the Ghost Road? 
P: I like that it’s called Ghost stuff. 
Z: Well, I—
P: So, I say I want the ghoul one, but I will submit to the ghost one, because hot dog sounds delish. 
DR And that’s a fourth for the Hot Doggers. 
P: Yea!
Z: What do you think, hand? 
MM: The hand points number one and wants to do the first one. 
P: Oh that’s the safe one. 
Z: Well, you’re a wuss.
TW: That’s stupid, dude. 
MM: Then it switches to its middle finger again. 
TW: Ah, he’s cool. 
Z: He’s going number two. Route number two. 
P: Route number two. 
MM: Then he goes to its ring finger. What’s it doing? 
P: Oh, what are you doing? 
Z: Alright, well can’t trust the hand at all and we have a unanimous vote without it. 
MM: The hand looks sad. 
P: Ghoul Gulch it is.
TW: No!
DR: No, no, no. Not Ghoul Gulch.
TW: The auto guidance hears that and starts veering off!
DR: How do I turn that off? 
P: Wow, so glad we’re going to…
TW: Hot Dog highway. 
DR: It’s not called Hot Dog highway. 
TW: That’s what I’m calling it. 
GR: No, it’s called Ghost Highway. 
DR: Ghost Highway. 
GR: Ghost Highway. 
MM: Good afternoon, scummers. 
CT: Good afternoon, scummers. 
MM: I’m Mike Migdall. 
CT: And I’m Casey Toney. 
MM: And this is the NeoScum, this is the official NeoScum...
CT: NeoScum…
CT and MM: ASMR…
MM: Interlude. 
CT: Interlude. We just want to thank everybody for tuning in to the interlude today. We hope you’re… somewhere dark with the earbuds in your ear. 
MM: You may ask yourself right now, it appears that it’s just Casey and Mike doing the interlude for NeoScum. Normally they’re joined by a larger group. But today, it’s just Casey and MIke. 
CT: Yeah. 
MM: And when Casey and Mike are in charge, ASMR is at large. 
CT: Is at large.
MM: We’re doing ASMR for you, and we’re also doing the interlude. 
CT: Mhmm. And this is really special for both Mike and I, because we originally wanted the podcast to be in ASMR podcast. 
MM: ANd somehow it turned into a Shadowrun far future comedy roleplaying podcast. 
CT: It went through a couple of iterations. 
MM: The character Dak Rambo was initially the Lips Smack Rambo, who spoke entirely in lip smacks.
CT: And...
MM: Kind of like that. 
CT: then the character of Tech Wizard was originally just this sound.
MM: Shh. 
CT: That’s how you said his name. 
MM: Mhmm. 
CT: Mhmm. 
MM: But we’re here in the pocket dimension, which is course the One Shot recording space. We have a beautiful summer day outside. We have the window open. 
CT: Oh, you can hear the wind. Listen to that. Oh no. 
MM: We just closed the window. 
CT: But do you see that dark cloud in the distance? I think it’s starting to rain.
MM: I open the window again. I’m going to go ahead and close the window.
CT: Still a nice summer rain. That’s nice. 
MM: Well, we’re here in the interlude and you’re loving it. 
CT: Let me just check my notes. See what we have to talk about today. Lots of notes. 
MM: Listen.
CT: Oh, what’s this?
MM: What’s that? What is that? 
CT: These are actually my eviction papers. 
MM: Oh. 
CT: My notes are over here. 
MM: I know were looking for those. Well, hold onto those. 
CT: Okay. Yeah, I should. I should Hold onto...Okay. Now I have my notes. Which of these notes should we talk about first? 
MM: Let’s talk about the second note first. I believe the one about the new subreddit. 
CT: Yes, the new subreddit. If you are fellow ASMR freaks like Mike and I, just a couple of ASMR maniacs, then you may be a member of Reddit and you may follow a number ASMR themed subreddits. Well, now you can add one more subscription to your queue. That’s NeoScum/rNeoScum. And we want to thank our new good friend, Death Crunch for putting that together and holding onto it before our enemies…
MM: could make a NeoScum Reddit account where they would parody us. And I don’t want to give any ideas out there, especially in my ASMR voice. 
CT: Yeah, no, no, no. 
MM: But please do not attempt to impersonate us. 
CT: Don’t even try it. 
MM: And spread hurtful things, because honestly the world right now is a scary enough place without a fake NeoScum account or a fake NeoScum Reddit account. 
CT: You need to know that NeoScum is only mean to bad guys. 
MM: We’re only mean to bad guys. 
CT: That’s a constant in this world and we can’t have that balance upset in any way. Okay, Mike, do want to carry this next note? 
MM: Yeah, let me see this note right here. This is actually, this is nice parchment., This is a parchment transcription of of our iTunes reviews. And this one is coming to us fast from Dannydasauceboy21. 
CT: 21, 21. 
MM: And it says, “I’m so hooked. Seriously, what have you guys done to me? I’ve listened to all the episodes 1 through 12 at this time and realize, ‘Huh. I don’t actually know what Xanadu look like.’ So I started from the beginning, and now, I’m that obsessed who watches reruns of shows. But that’s why this podcast is so awesome. This podcast is the perfect blend of comedy, gameplay, and plot progression, and I compared these points to show such as the adventure zone and campaign and the drunk and ugly.”
CT: Wow. 
MM: “Great mother trucking job. Guys, I want to meet ya’ll and play games with you and/or make NeoScum into a tv show. Anyway, keep making brilliant content, ya’ll.” If you want to meet us, we will not be at GenCon. 
CT: Yeah, we won’t be at GenCon. 
MM: We’re not going. It’s expensive and we all use all of our vacation days to make this podcast. 
CT: Yeah, so let everybody know how much you miss us and even though there aren’t NeoScum shirts yet, we trust that the cosplay community will really rep for us. 
MM: Yeah, call in a bomb threat. Tell them NeoScum sent you. If they ask, “Who’s NeoScum?” give them our Twitter account and our fresh subreddit. Tell them to make an account and comment. Throw some positive karma our way as they evacuate the convention center. Casey, don’t cut this out. 
CT: I’m not going to cut it, but I do want to say officially we don’t actually call in a bomb threat. Man, I sure hope that all this chat between friends is giving some major tingles right now. 
MM: I hope you’re getting tingles and I hope you’re all cuming. I hope you all bust a nut listening to this. Casey, don’t edit this part out. 
CT: It’s all staying in. 
MM: After you bust that first nut, that’s when it’s time to bust the second or thirds nuts. I think it’s about time. 
CT: I think it might be a little bit. 
MM: We’re at the halfway point of this interlude. 
CT: Of this interlu…
MM: Of this interlude. 
CT: What are some other things to talk about? 
MM: I mean I could do this hours, but—
CT: Me too. 
MM: Okay, listeners. Have we at you long enough? At this point, you’ve probably super tired from how much pleasure has been stimulating you. We’re going to give you ten more seconds. 
CT: Ten more seconds of just sounds. 
MM: Of this. 
CT: A beautiful soundscape, okay? So just listen. 
MM: Casey, what does it sound like to kiss you? 
CT: A little bit like that. 
MM: Thank you for sharing. 
CT: Yeah. 
MM: Bye. 
CT: Bye.
GR: Xanadu is hitting the road. Dust piling up behind up behind him. The sky darkens as they drive away from Peoria. There’s a robot street sweeper cleaning up the road, cleaning up the dust Xanadu is kicking up. All of a sudden, it stops. And its LCD eyes switch to two shakes. Ding, ding. And it stretches up in a weird way. And it turns around and starts going to the center of town. The camera pans out and there’s a bunch of robots, pointing to the center of town, to that robo shake Shack. Cut back to Xanadu. Z— 
BB: Z just has a random pang of guilt for no reason and dismisses it. 
GR: Yes. 
MM: Do we know the first hub of commerce that is along the Ghost Highway?
GR: That’s a good question. 
MM: What would we be shooting for, so we crash somewhere?
BB: Yeah, so looking at our gas mileage we’re like, “Okay, we’re looking for…” and I have this whole mapped off system, so I’m pulling up maps and we’re planning first city we’re going to stop in essentially along this highway. 
MM: Mapsoft. 
BB: Yeah. 
MM: Fuck it. Maps on. 
BB: Mapsoft. 
ES: Maps hard. 
GR: This is a hub that popped up in the Sixth World in Missouri, It’s known as Chickenville. 
MM: Yeah. 
GR: Chickenville, Missouri. It’s called Chickenville because for a while, it was the only place you could get chicken for a while. And now you can’t get chicken there, because there aren’t any chickens, but it’s still called Chickenville. And it’s kind of an outlaw hub, but it’s a place you can stop, get gas, and food. It’s a little dangerous of an area, but it’s the biggest hub. It’ll probably be your point one destination traveling the Ghost Highway. 
CT: I just want to say for the record, when we eventually get to Chickenville, I’m going to a freaking Raising Canes because I got to...if there’s a Chickenville in this goddamned world that we are building, it’s going to have a Raising Canes. 
ES: But he said there’s no chickens.
CT: Yeah, but talk to him. Everything’s tofu.
BB: Also, are you talking about Neo Raising Canes? 
MM: Or Raising Canes from, I don’t know...
CT: I’m sorry. 
BB: LIke a soy Raising Canes? 
CT: Neo Raising Canes? It’s soy, I want to be clear, Neo Raising Canes is also a…
MM: Gannon, how long of an estimated would it take for us to get to Chicken town? There I said it. 
GR: It’s nine hours. 
DR: Nine hours. Nine hours on the road. 
Z: This is the first time I’ve ever been on a big road trip. 
DR: Do you want to play a game? 
Z: Are there games? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: We have trucker games. 
P: Oh, what’s the...I don’t know a trucker game. I know road trip games. 
Z: I’ve never played a trucker game or a road trip game. 
P: What? 
DR: What’s a road trip game? 
P: It’s like when you see a horse, your say, “Horse.” And If you just see any, really you can pick anything, and you can just call out, “Horse.” And then if you see one, you get points. You get 10,000 points. 
Z: Oh I like that game. 
P: You accumulate tens of thousands of point until eventually you have so many points you don’t even know who is the winner. And then you announce, “I’m the winner.” That’s it.
TW: Cool. 
P: It’s fun. 
BB: Z throws his ocular drone directly up into the sky.
ES: No. 
CT: Horse, horse, horse. 
BB: Horse, horse, horse, horse. 
MM: Gannon, do we see any horses? 
BB: Are there any horses that Z can see with ocu—
MM: What does it look like outside as we approach the Ghoul Highway?
GR: This is Ghost Highway. 
MM: Goddamn me! 
GR: Goddamn me. It’s an unkempt highway. There has been no sort of like governmental supervision of any kind, so in terms of road, it’s rough. Bumpy. Mostly quiet. A lot more irritated than the already irradiated highways you’ve been travelling in the past. In look, not in actual things you need to worry about in terms of radiation. You’re not really seeing the moisture farms in this and that. Definitely potential to pass by VR sex dungeons, weird strip joints, convenience stores here and there of a pretty rough variety. And trucker bars. Ganger bars. 
MM: What time of day is it and—
GR: It’s about like nine p.m. You guys hitting the road. 
MM: Okay. So, it’s nighttime and we’re looking outside for horses. 
P: No, we’re looking outside for anything that could be a thing that we decide is a thing that we call a horse. 
Z: Horse.
DR: Horse. 
Z: Well, there's a lot of cars. 
DR: Horses. 
Z: I don’t see any horses, guys. 
P: Yeah, you see it. You got it. He’s got it. 
DR: You just have to say, “Horses,” and you win the game. 
P: You just see something and you say, “Horse,” and then you accumulate points. You’ve got like 70,000 points. 
DR: I’m the winner of this game. 
Z: Right, but I’m just looking outside. 
P: Yeah!
Z: And I can see everything and there’s no way Dak can see anything that even resembles a horse from his vantage point. 
DR: Look at my cat eyes. Look at yours. 
P: It’s not...the horse. 
TW: So, is this a car game because nobody has slugged me yet. And usually I’ve been slugged multiple times. 
P: What is that a game that happens? You…
TW: Yeah, there’s like...
P: punch others. 
TW: every car game involves me getting slugged. 
P: No. 
DR: Do you guys want to know a little trucker game? 
P: Yeah. 
DR: Check this out. Zenith, right by is a CB radio. Now, it’s a old piece of technology, but some truckers still use it. Go out there and broadcast out to the great unknown. You never know who you’ll get a hold of. 
Z: Is this a shortwave radio? 
DR: Yeah. 
Z: Jesus. What era is this from? 
DR: I think it’s from the 20 to...the...19?
TW: Mhmm. 
DR: Uh-huh. And anyway, what you can do with that is you can pretend to be whoever you want and nobody will see your face. 
P: Okay, so I love that game. 
CT: Tech grabs it. 
TW: Ah, breaker, breaker. This the Fist Wizard coming at ya. Who am I speaking with? 
BK: Yeah, this is the Big Kisser coming at ya on the 3k tons of chop suey. Talking the Kissy Express delivering lots of Chinese food. Honk, honk. 
MM: Honk, honk. We honk ours back. 
TW: Hey, Big Kisser, what’s it going to take for us to get some of that Chinese food, huh? 
BK: I’m a League man myself. I am loading this for anything but the big F. I’m talking the Form. 
DR: Hey, there, Big Kisser. This is Old Tinky Tanner. And I just...Is it true? I’m thinking about joining the League. Is it true that the League is fucking stupid? Got him. Hey, you just turn that breaker off now. 
P: Ah, I wanted to try one. 
Z: Oh wow. That’s the whole game? You just pick it up and you get to say anything you want? And then you hang up? 
TW: Yeah, that’s pretty cool. 
DR: You can hang up on someone. I didn’t know that guy was going to end up being a League trucker, aka a lame trucker. You know what? If you turn it back on now, we can play whole new characters. 
P: Yea. Are you going to do one? 
DR: It’s been power cycled. 
CT: Tech Wizard turns it back on. 
TW: Hey, this...Oh sorry. 
DR: Tech, you maybe want to give someone else a chance? 
Z: Yeah, you are hogging the shit out of that radio, dude. 
P: Do it. Say what you’re going to say. 
TW: I was going to League is stupid. 
P: Oh. 
DR: That was a good one. 
P: What are going to be? 
DR: You got to turn it off and on again. 
P: Oh. 
M: Ah, hello? 
Z: Oh, hey man. Hey, sorry, I...How’s it going man? 
M: I’m just really lonely right now. 
Z: I get you, buddy. 
DR: Quick question. 
Z: The League of Truckers fucking sucks. 
GR: I’m not a trucker. 
DR: Is your name Max? 
M: Yeah. Just—
DR: Max…
Z: Did your dad give you this radio? 
M: My dad...No, he was like my mom’s brother, I guess is what he wants to say, but— 
Z: Wait, you mean your uncle? Wouldn’t that be the right way of talking about him? 
M: I don’t know. He seems to look a lot alike me. But he bought it for me a while back, so I could get into touch with toughs, but mostly it’s weirdos who name themselves things like The Smooch Machine and just want me to talk about what I’m wearing. 
BB: Z is grabbing the mic and just pointing at Dak over and over and over again. 
MM: Yeah, and Dak grabs the mic back and says, off the mic, he says, 
DR: I’m sorry to take away from your breaker, breaker time. Hey there. Max? 
M: Yeah? 
DR: Where are you? 
M: Well, funniest story. Right now, well, I’ve tried to kill a trucker. First—
BB: We’re off the mic. 
M: Not for like a bad reason. It was for money. And he hit me in the head really hard. And I woke up in...I’m in the back of a truck, I think. And luckily I brought this along with me. 
DR: Shortwave radio? 
M: Yeah, just in case I got lonely.
Z: It sounds like a trap. This sounds like a trap. 
TW: Hey, Max? What is that truck carrying? Is it Chinese food? 
M: Now that you mention it, yeah, it smells like Chinese food. 
DR: Max, do you still have that gun? 
M: Still have that gun? Is this da, da, da….? 
Z: Dad? 
M: Daaak? 
DR: Yes. Look, I have to be quiet, because this an open radio, but yeah. This is Dak Rambo. And Max, I got to get you back home to my sister. I need your help. Where are you? 
M: I’m just in the back of a truck. I don’t know where I’m going. It’s dark. 
TW: Z, can you triangulate the signal? 
Z: I mean I can try I guess? 
DR: It’s a nice thing about short wave radio is that it’s impossible to track. 
TW: Yeah, but it’s—
Z: No, but literally very hard to track with modern devices. 
DR: A step down from impossible to just very hard. 
TW: And that’s why we got the best in the biz right here. 
BB: What do you think I would roll to track a shortwave radio using a wireless interface from 2075? 
DR: In the meantime, Pox, do you want to do a quick character to my sister’s kid?
ES: Pox grabs the radio. 
P: Heya, kid. My name is Derrick Landsberry. 
M: Oh, hi there. You sound strong. 
P: I am strong! I’m fat, and I’ve got all kinds of muscles. And listen kid. I’m tired of fucking around here. Tell me where you’re at or I will kill you. 
M: Oh my God! Listen, I don’t know. It’s dark in here. 
P: Just shut up! Stop pussyfooting around and just tell me where the fuck you’re at. 
M: It’s a truck. 
P: It’s a truck. Okay. Well, open something and look outside. And tell me what it looks like. 
M: Okay. I’m going to start hoppin around now. 
P: Yeah, hop around. Where’s the driver?
P: What the hell are you doing, kid? 
M: I’m trying to stand up, but I—
DR: Go easy on him, Derrick. 
M: But my legs are broken. 
DR: Wait, his legs are broken?
P: Your legs? 
Z: Alright, guys. I have an idea. So, I can’t really track the shortwave. I don’t really know how to tune into that kind of frequency anyway. But, what we could is an extended Matrix search on a huge area and see if we can pick up any signals coming off his truck. 
DR: If this guy’s on CB radio, he most likely can hear what we were saying to Max and could hear Max talking. 
Z: So, we got to hurry? 
DR: And also, I did just say I was Dak Rambo on the goddamned shortwave radio.
Z: Well, we got to kill a fucking trucker then. Do you want your son back or not? 
DR: He ain’t my son! He’s my sister’s kid. I’m tired of explaining it. 
Z: Can you please take your hand off of the breaker.
DR: I didn’t realize that you guys didn’t power cycle this after that great Garrick character, which was by the way, very intimidating. Very cool. You must have gotten three or four fives or sixes on that dice roll, sister. 
P: I did. No roll. Thank you.
BB: So, here Z is going to do a Matrix search. 
BB: Righteous. 
GR: okay. So, you’re rolling right now to detect my noise. 
BB: My thought is the highway is like cluttered with a lot of different shit, and Z having experience with searching for things through the Matrix, like specific objects. He knows it’s a truck. He knows it’s probably coded with a League thing. And has a few basic informational points that he can apply to this, because it’s in a very wide area. Obviously there’s going to be some difficulty to it. Here we go with a Matrix search.
GR: Oh. 
MM: Oh, wow. What the fuck?
BB: Okay, so I got six fails on an 11 die roll, which is a critical glitch. 
CT: No, no, no. I thought that was a good oh no. 
MM: Critical glitch song. Tensions are high, I can’t comply, You’re on a mission now and all you know is seek and destroy.
BB: Z tries to Matrix search and enacts a critical glitch. 
MM: Jesus. 
ES: Do you get stuck in the Matrix and you die forever? Permadeath? 
BB: That’s not typically what that would mean.
GR: No. So, Z in your hurried attempt, like you figure out this really great, really difficult way to try and find this information. But you move on it so quickly, that you accidentally project your, in the truck you’re in, you’re using the truck sort like a jumping off point.There, the network on the truck, accidentally, you just project to everyone in a three-mile radius. 
BB: Our exact location? 
GR: Your exact location. 
MM: Oh God. 
GR: Of specifically Xanadu that someone with an okay ability to read the Matrix would be able to tell pretty easily what was going on. 
BB: And I’m assuming these guys had no idea i just did that. 
GR: No, no, no, no. They don’t know. No one knows but you right now. 
MM: We’re still talking about Garrick. 
P: Yeah, I’ve been practicing this for a while. I imagine as I swallowed a bunch of gravel and then I talk through that gravel and water. 
Z: Uh, hey guys. 
P: What’s up? 
Z: All done with the search. 
DR: Z. Was is fun? 
TW: How’d it go? 
P: Yea!
Z: Went great. Couldn’t find the truck though. 
TW: Oh. 
Z: Also, super bummer. Just got to this out there, kind of ripping off the band-aid. I might have really loudly broadcast my signal and Xanadu call sign everywhere within like, I don’t know, 10 to 100 kilometers of our current location?
P: What? 
DR: 10 to 100 kilometers? 
Z: Right, yeah. 
P: That’s a big difference. 
Z: WEll, yeah, it’s all kind of shaky, you know, I can’t really, since I was broadcasting this signal, couldn’t really tell exactly where the range ended, so…
DR: Look, that’s bad news, but on the bright side, and don’t say Dak never looks on the bright side. I do have a license that can change numbers, so maybe, just maybe, if we all clap our hands together right now, one time. No one’s going to come and kill us. 
MM: And then a quick cut to the side of the truck, that says, “NeoScum.” NeoScum.
BB: Just wanted to say that I think anybody who was looking for us, probably just got a push notification on their phone. 
P: What? 
Z: I’m usually really good at this stuff. I swear to God guys. 
DR: Do you want to try it one more time to try to find Max before my sister’s kid is killed? 
Z: Do you guys want me to do that? 
DR: The alternative is to listen Max have his final moments, or even worse that that, maybe his not final moments. Maybe his penultimate moment over a shortwave radio. 
TW: Did you even just like old school style? When you had your ocular drone up? How many trucks were in the immediate vicinity? Do you see any chickens on them? Labeling? 
GR: Pox, there’s an ambush coming. 
P: Something’s not good. Something's not good. 
DR: Is this like the feeling you had when we fought the corn beast? But the way, I don’t Tech, Z. I don’t know. We never told you about this, but we killed a corn beast , and by the way, I forgot to tell you this. I shot Beans in the head. 
Z: Oh, dude. 
P: It was really, very crazy. 
Z: That’s pretty metal. 
P: Look, the hair on my arms are standing up. Straight up. 
MM: Hey, as we’re having this conversation, Dak is looking out the window. What are our immediate surroundings? 
GR: Dark. Everything is very dark around you. No street lights. Cat eyes!
MM: Cat eyes. 
GR: It’s quiet. They’re dead to slightly leafed trees in the distance sort of rattling in the wind. Everything feels very quiet. Though up ahead, you can make out, it looks like two big trucks are blocking off the road in front of you. 
MM: I’m slowing down as we’re maybe 200 to 300 yards away. 
DR: Hey Tech. Are you thinking what I’m thinking? 
TW: I think I am. 
MM: Dak pulls out his blowgun.
DR: Tech, you got some magic shit for us to get out of this one? 
TW: I’m not entirely sure how safe it will be? But if you keep going full speed at those trucks, I can create a gentle bridge right above them.
DR: A gentle bridge? 
TW: A ramp up and a ramp right down. 
DR: Now, you’ve never done this before. 
Z: Right, and you have tried magic things that haven’t worked spectacularly well in the past. 
TW: Oh, who is talking right now? Is this the guy who got us into this fucking mess? 
Z: Hey, woah, woah. 
TW: When he did a Google search? 
Z: Thos trucks were already there. It’s not like they set up because—
TW: Those trucks set up becuase of us. 100%. 
Z: Okay, but they didn’t like fucking magically appear out of nowhere. They were looking for us already, okay? 
M: Hey, guys? Are you still there? 
Z: Fuck. Are we just going to let him die? 
P: Let’s going on? 
DR: Uncle Garrick and Dak are here. 
M: You just seem like you guys want an update. The truck stopped moving. 
TW: Oh shit. 
Z: Well, I guess we solved that problem. He’s probably in the barricade. 
DR: Yeah, he’s probably in one of these trucks. How about this? We pull out and then gun time. Bam, bam. 
P: Yeah, I was going to say maybe we should stop our truck. 
DR: Alright.
MM: We walk right into this mother-fucking Rambu...Am. Ramush!
Z: A Rambush!. 
ES: Rambush. 
MM: This Dak Rambush! Before we step out of this car and make this a real meal, anybody want to stay in the car and maybe just smash the gas and try to commit vehicular manslaughter if the shit hits the fan? 
TW: It’s better for me to stay in the car, because I can stay protected, but still see everybody to cast spells. 
DR: Spoken like a true glass cannon. 
P: I think I’m going to put on my chameleon armor and become invisible. 
Z: Okay, so Dak and I take point. We got Pox sneaking around. You may be cutting or whipping some people. And then Tech Wiz stays in the tank and shoots fireballs out of the passenger side window.
TW: You know, on e of these days, I’m going to make a ramp. But for today,...
DR: We got to pick on cool song. Enter Sandman by Metallica starts blaring from the cabin of Xanadu. Doors. 
Z: Zenith, actually. 
DR: What? 
MM: Oh, Blair’s. Oh I see. 
ES: Oh wait. How come?
BB: Sorry. What a stupid, stupid joke. 
MM: I thought you were mad at me. 
MM: I wasn’t jo...It was intentional. Yeah. 
ES: Oh, I didn’t even get it.
MM: Yeah, Eleni was trying ti clown on me like I pulled a Mike. 
ES: I thought you said Blair and that’s why I thought you said, “Blair.’ 
MM: The cabin of Xanadu stands sealed until it’s not any more. And Enter Sandman by Metallica is very audible as Zenith and Dak Rambo emerge from opposite sides. Meanwhile, Pox, I presume, is trying to stealthily leave before the doors are closed and Tech is crouched down with his eyes peaking over the dashboard. 
BB: As a simple action, I’m just going to send a quick message to Tech and be like, 
Z: Go. Maybe get ready with that grenade launcher too. 
GR: Lights. Before not seen on top of the trucks, blare down in front of you where the visible...I guess that’s Z and Dak are standing outside? Bam! Like you’re in a stadium. You’re all lit up. 
BK: Well, well, well. Look who it is. Fallen into the web of the big kisser. I’m here to kiss your big brown—
MM: Dak has his hunting rifle, and takes a shot at the cabin of one of the com… I’m digging into the cabin. I’m taking a shot at what would be the driver’s seat of this truck. I just wanted to say that, because I didn’t want to wait until this—
GR: Yeah, because why would you let me have a soliloquy? 
MM: I’m sorry. Dak Rambo wouldn’t be lectured by some guy. 
BB: Also attacks of opportunities are just very useful. 
MM: I’m sorry, Gannon. 
GR: No, it’s okay. 
MM: Mike wants the soliloquy, but Dak doesn’t. 
BB: Dak wants one free shot before we actually have to deal with any consequences. 
MM: Two hits. 
GR: Okay. You shoot the window.
BK: You think I would still be in there? I see you loading your gun again. I’m just going to get out of the car right now, so you can who I am. 
GR: Blintz Clownoff opens the door and sticks his head out. 
CT: What? 
MM: I don't recognize him. 
Z: Wait, wait, wait, wait, Dak. Stop. 
BB: Zenith looks over at Blintz and he goes,
Z: Fuck you, dude. 
BK: No, fuck you. 
Z: No, fuck you. 
BC: Fuck you, Skull Kid. Where’s your little skull suit? 
BB: Alright, and I’m going to shoot at him. 
MM: Am I rolling defense for…?
GR: No, I got it.
BB: Six hits.
GR: Okay. So, it goes like… right where he stuck his head… “Oh, fuck you,” and like his face just opens up like a pizza. 
DR: Yeah, Z! But, deep inside Dak, for some reason, he feels sad. Anybody want to come out and get turned into tomato paste? 
GR: A opens and a familiar yawn...
WS: Never got over that. What the fuck is my voice? I’m Wa Sun!
CT: No, no. That’s not it. That’s more Mustachio. 
WS: I’m Wa Sun. I’m going to die. 
CT: That was worth it on tape. 
BB: Well, that definitely on point thematically. 
WS: Sigh. Ah, I’m out of the car now. 
BB: You’re too midwest. Oh my God. She smoked weed and then got really tired. 
WS: I’m out of the car! I’m out of the car. 
CT: Wasn’t she kind of British too?
GR: She was British. 
ES: Yes, she was. 
BB: She was definitely a little British. 
ES: Like... 
CT: I’m Wa Sun. 
ES: I’m Wa Sun. I’m out of the car. I’ve missed you. 
CT: That’s Wa Sun. We fucking get it. 
ES: I’m Wa Sun.
BB: NeoScum listeners, if you can hear us, send in your impression of what Wa Sun sounds like. And we’d love to see if any of these match the original. 
WS: I’m going to die!
GR: So, Wa Sun waffles out of the car. 
WS: I’m going to die soon. No one cares if I die. Rest in peace, me. 
GR: She trips over her shoe lace and falls face first into a pothole. 
ES: Pox puts her blade in the back of her neck.
CT: Oh my God. 
BB: She’s Big Marco’s death squad in which he’s just like, 
Z: Yeah, whatever, dude. 
BB: He fucking —
GR: So, Wa Sun flips port, falls into a ditch, audibly smashing her teeth open in the pothole and then…
ES: Pox stabs her in the back of the neck. 
GR: Okay. Thunck. You guys can see now in the light that the trucks both say, “Big Marco’s Death Squad.” 
DR: Wow. Oh my God. Look at that decal. It sucks! Anybody else want to come out? 
M: Um…
DR: Max? 
M: Can I get out of here now? 
Z: Oh shit. Let’s get him out of the truck. 
DR: Yeah, okay. 
Z: You take the left. I’ll take the right one. 
DR: I’m just going to the one that I heard Max knocking on. 
BB: Oh, I wasn’t sure if we heard that audibly or if that was like coming off in the distance. 
Z: Yeah, let’s go for the one that sounds like Max is in it. 
BB: Z goes up to Blintz’s body and he’s just looking down, being like, 
GR: Blintz is dying right now. 
Z: Hey, hey. Buddy, buddy. 
BK: You fucking shot me. 
Z: Blintz, can I be honest with you? 
BK: Fuck you. 
Z: No, come on man. 
BK: I know you’re going to try to—
Z: No, come on man. 
BK: Meet me in a common ground and betray me. 
Z: No, come on dude, You get it. 
BK No. 
Z: You get it. 
BK: Fuck you. 
Z: You get it though, right? 
BK When you die, I’ll be waiting. 
Z: No, you won’t. Okay? 
BK: To kill you again. 
Z: Because—
BK: I’m going to kill you back to life, bitch. 
Z: Look, hey, buddy. Buddy, just—
BK: I’m not your buddy. 
Z: Just look at me for one second. 
BK No, I’m looking over here.
Z: No, please just looks at me, man. 
BK: Move my head if you want me to look. 
BB: Z grabs. He’s like ragged face and forces him to look at him. 
Z: Hey, buddy. 
BK: I—
Z: Seriously. 
BK: My eyes are rolling over.
BB: Z’s just like pulling his eyelids open so that he can still him. And he’s like,
Z: Hey, buddy. Listen. 
BK: I’m going to hold my breath until I die. 
Z: In another life, we could have been friends, don’t you think? 
BB: Z is grabbing his forehead and just…
Z: Blintz. 
BK: What? 
Z: Come on. 
BK: Okay. 
Z: We could have been friends, right? 
BK: Sure, we could be friends. 
Z: We’re friends? 
BK: We’re friends. 
Z: Okay. 
BK: Fuck you. 
Z: Hey, fuck you. 
BK: I knew it was coming. 
Z: Hey, but you said, “Fuck you,” first. I didn’t break my thing. 
BK: I’ve always love you.
GR: And just like that, Blintz dies in your hands. 
BB: Z takes a quiet moment to himself and then puts his fingers on his eyelids and closes them. And then Z just slaps Blintz right across the face. 
MM: Blintz takes a big deep breath and comes back to life. Full health. A higher level.
BK: I’m back! This is for Carver. 
GR: So, you open up the back of the truck and Max in there. 
DR: Max.
M: Uh. Oh. 
DR: I can’t keep doing this. 
M: Brother. 
DR: I’ve only done this once and I can’t keep doing this. 
M: Oh my goodness. Oh thank you so much for saving me. I’m sorry. I just tried to pick up a darn Shadowrunning mission and wouldn’t you know it? They wanted me to get this guy. Gee whiz. 
DR: Get which guy? 
M: That guy over there. 
Z: Wait, your mission was to take out Blintz Klaunoff? 
M: Yeah. In hindsight it seems like he might have set it up himself as a sort of turkey grab. He was saying turkey grab a lot. 
Z: Okay. I was about to say, you don’t seem like that good of a Shadowrunner to know what a turkey grab is. 
M: No, he kept saying this is a turkey grab. 
DR: Got it. 
TW: Hey, guys. Can I come out of the truck? 
Z: Stay in the truck!
TW: Okay, okay. 
Z: It’s super dangerous out here, Tech. There’s a lot of moving pieces. 
CT: Tech Wizard creates a dome around the entire area.
MM: Do we find anything of value on these two trucks? 
GR: Yeah. In looking around the truck, you find a little cash box that’s got about 500 nuyen in it. 
ES: Pox takes it. 
BB: Pox is across the—
GR: Bull! He was looking for it. 
MM: Dak hands it to Pox, because…
P: Thank you. 
MM: he found something better. And correct me if I’m wrong, Gannon, but—
BB: His son. 
MM: Dak takes out the com link that Blintz had and I call Big Marco on it. It’s a video com link. And I started with a closeup of my butt hole.
LM: Blintz, you gotta tell me....Oh God. Oh no!
MM: I take it out and I go, 
DR: I killed your boys, LIttle Marco. You’re next if you keep this shit going on. 
LM: Oh, you know what? Actually, right now, I’m laughing. To me, this is really funny, because you literally took out the weakest ones in the death Marco Death Squad. 
Z: Hey, hey—
BB: And Zenith is trying to get in frame and like I’m going like,
MM: Yeah, I hand it over. 
Z: I just wanted to say I was the guy who killed Blintz. There was a Dak. 
DR: Yeah, this is my little minion and he killed Blintz. 
Z: Woah, okay. 
DR: That was my weakest minion. And he killed your weakest guy, so I guess we’re even, although you saw my little brown pie. 
Z: Why would we be even if we killed one guy and they didn’t kill anybody? 
DR: And that’s my strongest person. 
ES: He sees nothing, because Pox is invisible. 
P: Hello. 
DR: Just a fucking voice. Yeah, that’s my rig over there looking pretty good. Better than these shit-ass rigs. 
TW: Guys, can I come out? 
Z: Woah, lots happening out here, buddy. 
DR: We got Little Marco on the horn. 
TW: Okay, I got the dome up still if anything goes crazy. 
LM: You know, actually, I’m really glad you gave me a call, so just so I could see you one last time on the day you die. 
DR: I ain’t dying today, Tiny Marco. 
LM: Oh, you aren’t? You aren’t? 
MM: Dak holds a gun up the camera lens and goes, 
DR: Bang, bang. Bang, bang. 
LM: I can do that. 
BB: Is he actually shooting? 
MM: no. 
GR: He pulls out a gun and he going,
LM: Bang, bang. Oh shit. And it cuts out. 
BB: And the com dies. 
DR: I would say, guys, that we won that encounter. 
BB: This has been a pretty sweet encounter. 
TW: Everything cool?
DR: Anyone want one of these trucks? 
Z: No. 
M: You know what? I don’t know how to drive a truck, but I’m really glad that I get to be with you guys now. You could show me how to be way better Shadowrunner than I am. 
Z: Hey, Dak. Deadweight. 
DR: We walk over back to the cabin. 
M: Okay, but he was talking a lot about how you guys are going to die today. I don’t what he’s talking about, because those two guys are dead. 
DR: The day is almost over. Max, were there anybody else who was sent after us? 
M: I mean, I don’t know. I guess the guy now that you mentioned it said that there were a few other guys after you. 
Z: I mean if he recruited some of those people from the death fight. There’s got to be more people. 
M: There was that, uh…
GR: You hear the distance.
TW: What’s that? 
GR: It’s a helicopter.
MM: Is it coming closer to us? 
GR: Yep. 
DR: Alright, Max. Get in the car. We don’t have time to fuck around. Pox, you get all the shiny bits off those two mercenaries? 
P: Yeah, look. I got this. It’s a watch. And it’s still ticking. And I got this—
GR: The watch says, “Watch Sun.” 
Pox: Look at that. It says, “Watch Sun.” Wonder that means? Anyway, and then I also got a map, but we don’t need that. It’s too dirty. 
MM: Dak looks at it and it says, “Treasure Map.” 
CT: I was just—
MM: And there’s a picture of America with a big X over New York City. 
BB: All over the whole thing. A huge X. Like no way it even determines any actual location. 
DR: Okay, guys. 
P: Okay, that’s it. 
MM: We get in the cabin. 
GR: You can see it now. It’s got a spotlight, and it is gaining on you pretty quick. 
TW: I say we just start moving, first of all. 
DR: We get in the car. We start rolling towards Chicken City? 
GR: Chicken Town. 
MM: Chicken Town. 
GR: Xanadu rips past these two lifeless corpses and these trucks full lo mein or something? 
MM: Wait, we didn’t even get any of the lo mein.
P: Oh no. 
GR: Chow mein. It was chow mein. The chow mein and the other one had lo mein in it. It’s ripping down the highway and the camera zooms back out to this futuristic helicopter. Vroom! Coming right in on their position as the camera zooms by the helicopter. Camera pans back out, all the back. Back way down the highway. And a whole bunch of sexy Devil Ladies in motorcycle gear are gearing up. Zip goes their jackets. 
D: You ready to hit the road, ladies? 
F: I’ll say, Denise. My name’s Francis. 
D: Alright, Francis. Let’s rock and roll. 
GR: Their skin is red and they got little horns and they all hop on their motorcycles and go like, And they’re also driving in your direction. To be continued. 
GR: We can squish them, squash them, squish them. Poop and pee up my own ass. 
BB: That’s our boy. 

[EPISODEBREAK14]

MM: Hey, what’s up, everybody? This week on NeoScum, it’s a little different. We have a guest, and it’s someone who is very close to all of our hearts.
SK: It’s me, Stephen Kropa!
ES: Hey!
MM: Hi.
SK: Hiiiiii.
BB: What’s up, dude?
MM: Hi, Stephen!
SK: Hello.
MM: It’s cool thinking-
BB: Uh, guys, this is the first time NeoScum’s ever had a guest!
SK: What, what!
GR: When we started making it, he was the guest- everyone was saying, “When you gonna get Kropa on?”
MM: When you gonna get Kropa on?
BB: Yeah, so you heard it here first. Harass us on Twitter, and we’ll put people on our podcast!
GR: We do whatever people ask us.
ES: Some of you might recognize him with Mike as their roles of-
MM: Binbon and Jubna!
SK: Jubna!
ES: Yeah!
MM: From the Campaign podcast!
MM: That’s-
GR: And!
MM: And also Percival the Unwavering.
SK: Is my character, and Small Benjamin-
MM: Is my character! It’s the Compass Cats-
SK: Cats, we’re the Compass Cats, yeah.
MM: Also on One Shot, on the One Shot podcast network.
BB: Yeah, you guys are some real One Shot boys.
SK: Uh, yeah.
MM: We love it.
ES: Love it.
MM: It’s awesome.
ES: They hold hands and everything when they record, it’s the cutest.
SK: Or paws!
BB: Stephen, do you have anything else going on that’s not One Shot? Or I mean, even if it is One Shot, dude.
SK: No, not really. I have a Twitter, @KropaCabana, and that’s where I promote most of my stuff. Look out for there. I might be writing something that will be released that people can purpose, so that will be cool!
MM: Is it a book?
SK: Mm-hmmmm! Who knows?
MM: What is it, Stephen? Tell us!
SK: It is- yes, it is a book. It’ll be on Amazon and I’ll let you know when it is done.
MM: Dude, quick question. How does that work?
SK: It’s just self publishing.
MM: Okay, I gotta- we’ll talk later.
SK: Okay.
GR: Just gonna say at the top of is, just to make it clear to the listeners, if you hear hootin’ and hollerin’ in the background, it’s Pride.
SK: Yep.
GR: And we’re right on the street where it happens, and you know what? We effin’ love it. We’re hootin’ and hollerin’ in here right now. Hoot. Hoot. Hoot.
CT: Well, Stephen, dude, thank you for joining us. We got a couple tight friggin’ episodes with Stephen, so… expect that.
BB: And his character’s really cranked up.
CT: Cranked up. Just wait till you meet this character.
SK: Mmhm.
CT: He’s… somebody that the NeoScum crew has not met.
ES: That’s true!
SK: That’s true, that’s true for any character.
MM: Not yet.
BB: And we’re really gonna leave you in suspense and not tell you what minute mark he finally appears in this episode.
CT: Yeah, so don’t try to scrub.
GR: Well, he’ll be- yeah, don’t try to scrub, you’ll just get confused.
SK: I am in an episode at some point.
ES: Yeah, at some point, you’re in one or maybe more episodes.
BB: Maybe it’s this one. Maybe it’s not for-
SK: Uh-huh.
BB: -four or five episodes.
MM: Quick question.
SK: Mhmm.
MM: Beans, dead or alive?
SK: Oh, Beans is dead, bruh.
BB: Hell yeah.
ES: Yeah!
MM: Beans is dead!
BB: And I’m getting that tattooed on my face tomorrow!
CT: I think you’re gonna regret that, son.
MM: Let’s start the show!
GR: Camera turns on. Ding! It is moving down the freeway at wheel level. You see two cool wheels in front of you. They’re motorcycles. And on the motorcycles are two red Devil Ladies riding motorcycles. Zipping down the I-30 highway. Camera pans up! There’s a single pilot helicopter flying along the highway looking for someone. Where can it be? Star Wars style, camera scoots down and moves down into a bunch of fuckin’ trees. Down into an outcropping. We see Xanadu, driving forward through the trees. Camera turns around. There’s a sign that says, Blood Gulch Hideaway. Quote marks. “Grog and gas!” Let’s jump into the inside of Xanadu.
DR: You guys like how I drove through these bunch of fucking trees?
P: It’s been really bumpy. So thanks.
DR: Okay, you didn’t sound like you were actually grateful that I drove through these fucking trees.
P: It was cool.
TW: No, it’s pretty cool. It’s pretty cool.
DR: The trees were there. Ooh, turn left, turn right. This is a goddamn eighteen-wheeler, and I drove ‘em through a bunch of fucking trees. And it was bumpy, Pox?
P: You hit several trees!
Z: Yeah, you hit a lot of those trees, yeah.
P: You hit a bunch of trees!
DR: You should’ve seen the trees
Z: Yeah, we did.
DR: Those trees ate it. Really gave it to those trees.
P: I didn’t see the trees. I was looking at the signs.
TW: I was looking at the baby birds.
MM: The baby bird that got into the cabin in between this episode and the last episode? Bonus content, Patreon listeners! We kill a baby bird! $25 to James D’Amato and you can hear it.
ES: Rest in peace, little Henry.
Z: I’m just gonna come out and say it. Dak, do you know where we’re going?
DR: I know where we have arrived, my man! We’re here at Blood Gulch Hideaway.
MM: Did I get it right, Gannon?
GR: Got it 100%. And let’s say right at this moment, camera zips up! And in front of you is a scuzzy horseshoe-shaped bar. It’s an absolute clearing now. Trees surrounding you, rough road behind you, some smashed-up trees behind you. But there is a bar in front of you. And to the right in the distance, there’s a wood, tin, and improvised-plastic-spray-built garage, and there’s a truck inside of there.
MM: Ooh! What does that truck look like?
GR: It looks like a rogue truck.
MM: Nice.
GR: Like, it’s definitely- it has the insignia of the- wanna roll trucker knowledge?
MM: Yes, I do! Let me just-
BB: Ooh! Already rolling dice! Did I say that right, dice?
CT: I’m so proud of you.
MM: I’m gonna roll seven die. Thank you Hero Lab for letting me know how many dice I need to roll. When I said die, Casey Toney died. Really hates that we get that wrong.
CT: I did feel my nostrils flare.
SK: We all saw it.
BB: Guys, you heard it here first, this is the first episode that we will be 100% accurate on our use of “die” and “dice.”
ES: We swear.
MM: Hey, Daddy, I got three hits.
GR: Three hits, okay, that-
CT: Why are you telling me?
GR: I’m Daddy. That gives you enough knowledge to recognize the circle-triangle-square insignia of the-
MM: Playstation?
GR: Yeah. Yeah, um… Play-Station. Play-dash-Station wagons. They are BTL chip smugglers known for moving through criminal sectors. Big enough so that they can show off their logo.
MM: Did I get a good enough roll to know what their Dungeons and Dragons alignment is?
GR: Chaotic neutral.
MM: I can dig it. That’s Dak Rambo’s as well.
GR: Out of the garage comes an emaciated female dwarf. She’s got a robo-arm and there’s a little… it’s almost like a little dome-shaped cake-shaped drone that’s puttering behind her.
MM: Cookie cake?
GR: Yeah. She comes up to the car and she’s like,
ED: Do you guys need gas or anything like that? Need a fix-up?
MM: Hey.
Z: I think we need a fix-up, yeah.
ED: Alright.
Z: This truck’s kind of really a piece of crap, and so if we could-
DR: Are you kidding? We just got this truck fixed up, we have full hit points, Zenith. We don’t need a fix-up.
Z: We hit a lot… a lot of trees.
P: We just hit- yeah. A lot of trees.
ED: Well, if you’re looking for gas or something, you can park it over back there.
TW: Do they have snacks?
ED: We got, yeah, we got some peanuts and crackers-
DR: Jacks?
ED: Cracker snacks.
Z: Wait, you guys don’t have real food, though?
DR: Is the kitchen open? It’s-
ED: Yeah, we make soy burgers and eggs, mmm.
Z: Hell yeah.
ED: Some bean salad and quinoa mix.
DR: What do you got in the way of dessert? My friend’s got a sweet tooth. Pox? 
ED: Dessert.
P: Yeah.
Z: Sugar?
ED: Yeah, we’ve got sugar cookies.
P & DR: Sugar cookies?
P: Is that all?
ED: We have like two- honestly, it’s just something the- I’m Bobo, by the way.
Everyone: Hey, hello!
P: You’re Bobo? Lovely to meet you.
B: Yeah, I don’t run this place or anything, it’s just that Chocolate Mystery’s sleeping right now.
DR: Chocolate Mystery?
P: Wow, who is that?
Z: Can you say that one more time for my ocular drone?
DR: I know Chocolate Mystery. Chocolate Mystery’s still around?
B: Yeah, yeah. You know Chocolate Mystery, the mute troll?
DR: Yeah!
B: I’m his apprentice.
DR: Still mute, huh?
B: Yeah, he has not gotten a robo-tongue yet.
DR: The doctors have been trying to get Chocolate Mystery to take a robo-tonguing and he just refuses, he’s so proud.
B: He’s so proud.
P: Wow! Are we gonna get to meet Chocolate Mystery?
B: Oh! Chocolate Mystery, how could I forget? He’s always eating those chocolates! But I’m always too nervous to ask him where he gets them from. Why don’t you guys just park over there? I’ll get Chocolate Mystery and we’ll meet you in the bar, if you guys are old buddies.
P: Wow! Yeah.
DR: Hey, sister, that sounds like a plan. You wanna hop in and get a free ride over there with us?
B: Yeah, sounds good!
TW: You’re gonna wanna watch out for the bird.
Z: Yeah, watch out, there’s a little tiny baby bird.
DR: Little dead bird.
P: Henry.
Z: It’s dead.
B: Oh! That is so sad.
TW: We didn’t murder it, it just died.
DR: It just died. Okay, look, it got in here, by the way-
Z: It flew in while we were going fifty miles an hour through the forest.
B: Wow.
Z: You’re Bobo, right? Is that what you said?
B: Bobo’s my name, trucking and fucking’s my name.
DR: Yeah! Dak Rambo’s my name, fucking and trucking is my job.
B: Damn, that rocks.
DR: Shadowrunning is my game.
P: Dak is a… never mind.
DR: Say it, Pox.
TW: Come on.
DR: What are you gonna say, Pox?
Z: Pox, whatever you were going to say to just us, you can say in front of Bobo.
P: I was gonna say that Dak is a male prostitute, but he’s not a male prostitute.
B: Are you going to commit libel?
DR: Well, technically, I was a male prostitute. And if you had a time machine, that could be true. And we’re here at the parking spot.
B: Oh, yep! I guess it’s time for me to hop off and work on your vehicle. I’ll just bring you the check afterwards and maybe we can talk Chocolate Mystery into giving away some of those chocolate straws he’s always chewing on.
P: Wow! Where is Chocolate Mystery?
B: I feel like I said he’s asleep.
DR: Does he still have that little hammock?
B: He still has that little hammock!
P: Can we go wake him up?
DR: You don’t wanna wake up Chocolate Mystery.
P: Don’t I?
DR: Look, this guy was old when I knew him fifteen years ago.
P: Oh, he’s old?
DR: He’s an old mystery.
P: Not cute, then.
DR: An ancient chocolate mystery.
MM: Hey, Gannon, are there fireflies in the forest?
GR: Yes, there are fireflies.
MM: Yes!
GR: There are a bunch of beautiful fireflies. Now that you take a look at the forest, it is gorgeous. It’s a gorgeous bit of Illinois forest that you don’t actually get to see that much traveling through the sprawl.
CT: Tech Wizard casts a little magic barrier in the shape of a small dome and is using it like a butterfly net to catch some fireflies.
BB: Roll, dude.
GR: Yeah, you much strain are you taking? Uh, yeah, you ultra-glitched. All of the fireflies are dead now.
BB: You’ve removed all of the oxygen from the environment.
GR: And you guys are dead, Bobo’s dead.
MM: The baby bird is alive! Phoenix Down was accidentally cast. Final Fantasy IX.
BB: That’s actually not a spell, that’s just an item you can use.
MM: Uh… and we’re in the bar.
GR: I did wanna say, by the way, the helicopter has passed over your heads, so it does seem like your maneuver traveling through the woods threw it off your scent.
MM: Your maneuver or my maneuver?
GR: That was your maneuver.
MM: Thank you. We kick the door open.
GR: Ka-clunk! Inside the bar, like I said before, it’s a horseshoe-shaped room with the bar in the middle. The bar feels much larger than- like it was built a long time ago, and it has somehow managed to stay around by the grace of God. There’s just not too many people in there. But- but! It still feels vibrant in its own way. There’s a fading neon and LED light in the upper ceiling parts of the bar that’s flickering blues, yellows, rippling over the bar, giving it a very smoky, a nervy vibe. There’s decals and relics from motorcycle gangs all over the walls. Some celebrating longetivity of gangs, some celebrating outings, some battle trophies, busted-up motorbikes from bygone battles. But it’s very clear that these guys are definitely not holding an allegiance to one gang or another, which maybe to you, as a trucker- I mean, you’ve been here. So Dak maybe is a little bit more familiar.
MM: There’s sort of a… it’s neutral territory.
GR: Right.
MM: If you’re in a gang, you can come here to communicate with a rival gang and negotiate a treaty of sorts. Or if you’re a spurned lover, you can come here and drink on one side of the bar. You’re not supposed to talk to your- you know what, Casey, cut this part out, I don’t know what Dak’s saying.
CT: Oh, I’m keeping it in, baby.
GR: Keep it!
ES: Keep it in.
BB: Is Dak saying this to us as we’re walking into the bar?
MM: I’m saying it loudly.
DR: That right there is the jukebox. Over there’s the bathrooms. And there’s the little hammock where Chocolate Mystery is sleeping, it’s up by the rafters.
GR: Chocolate Mystery, I’m gonna have to say Chocolate Mystery is not in the bar bar area. Bobo’s gonna get Chocolate Mystery.
DR: Wait a second, that’s actually just a hammock with another troll.
Z: A different mystery.
GR: Yeah, that’s a hammock with a different-
CT: Mystery from The Pickup Artist?
GR: You can’t see who’s sleeping in it but it’s a very big purple flowery hat, resting over the guy’s face. Okay, I do wanna say, I don’t know the copyright rules, Casey, but there’s future biker music playing in here, which I’m gonna say sounds like 1970s proto-punk electro group Suicide.
BB: Oh!
GR: Oh, spooky monsters! You’re my little jukebox baby! Come and getcha, come and getcha- ooh! ooh! Yeah, so it’s like that.
CT: Can we get-
GR: Shoutout, Suicide!
CT: Can we get fifteen minutes of that uninterrupted so I can put it underneath?
GR: I would fucking love to do that.
CT: We’ll do it after.
GR: We’ll do it after. That would- oh my god.
BB: No, we can wait. We can wait. Let’s do it now.
MM: Do it now! We haven’t even mentioned that Stephen Kropa is here with us. Sorry, Stephen.
GR: We’re gonna get to you in like forty-five minutes.
SK: Okay. Great!
GR: Yeah, so you can see, there’s some Devil Ladies. They’re red Devil Ladies with horns, sitting around at the bar.
MM: Are they actual devils?
BB: Yeah, that was the question I had too.
GR: It’s hard to say, you’ve never seen a metatype by this before. You can’t tell if it’s genetic modification or what, unless you guys wanna roll for that. Also some Ghost Riders, and there’s a cyclops behind the bar, filling up a glass of beer.
BB: Zero pulls up Hero Lab on his cyberdeck and starts looking up what their metatype is.
MM: Is there a- the last time I was here, there were waiters that came and sat you. Is it a seat-yourself type situation now?
GR: It’s a seat-yourself situation now.
MM: That’s different.
ES: Pox sits down right next to the biker Devil Ladies and just looks at them straight in the face.
GR: One is very large. Like a troll that has these strange devil horns. They don’t have tails, but their skin is bright red and they’ve got these little- each of them have these little horns sticking out of their head. Some are very large, some are orc-sized, some are human-sized.
ES: She’s looking up at them with big wide eyes, just completely in wonder. And Pox is very, very tiny compared to them.
GR: Yeah, yeah.
ES: So it’s just like a little baby next to Mama.
GR: And one more description, if you’ve ever seen Coop’s Devil Ladies, these ladies are like an R Crumb style- his dream lady, also a devil, come to life. Very big, very tough-looking.
BB: What kind of Techstuff do we have inside the bar?
GR: Like, what do they have going on?
BB: Like, I’ve got- Zenith’s got his AR feed up, essentially, so I’m just curious if he can see any obvious matrix devices and stuff.
GR: Yeah, you’re seeing the standard matrix devices. Oh, you know what I forgot about that you do notice pulling up the AR? Is in the corner, there’s a coin-operated dispenser of some kind. Upon further inspection with the AR, it is a drug dispenser, and for a certain price you can pick up some dope. Specifically, they have cram for 10, novacoke for 10, betameth for 25, and nightwatch for 25. And a beta inhibitor for 15. Beta inhibitor’s a sex drug.
BB: Ohhhh.
CT: Do they have… do they have kamikaze? Do they have any kamikaze?
GR: Looks like they don’t have kamikaze, but kamikaze’s a pretty standard… trucker drug, so you might be able to ask around.
DR: Tech, you could probably score some K if you wanted to.
TW: Nah, I’m cool.
GR: You notice everyone has been paying attention to you coming in, and the Devil Ladies have been looking down at you. You are feeling eyes on you.
MM: Dak’s holding the lapel of his vest in a cool-guy way, and he’s smirking, making eye contact with everyone one at a time that’s looking at him. He makes singular eye contact with the cyclops behind the bar.
GR: Yeah.
MM: Gannon, what’s his name?
GR: Oh, you know his name! His name is Cy. You know him as Cy Masterson.
DR: Sigh of relief! My old buddy Cy’s here! Daaaak Rambo, moonwalking to his old buddy Cy! Who are these Devil Ladies over here?
CM: Dak, you and your fellas want a drink?
DR: Do we want a drink? Does the sun still burn in the sky?
CM: Beer or whiskey?
DR: Beer and whiskey. In a glass together.
Z: A boilermaker?
CM: Boilermaker, coming right up.
DR: Is that a thing?
Z: Oh, absolutely.
DR: I just… thought it would sound cool.
Z: Dak, I’m just gonna go ahead and say I don’t think you invented the boilermaker.
DR: I wouldn’t call it the boilermaker. I’d call it… ooh. Mac and Fleas.
P: That sounds unpleasant.
Z: That sounds almost as bad as a boilermaker actually tastes.
DR: Well, we’ll see who has the last laugh. Tech, do you want one of these bad boys? Boilermaker, whatever it’s called?
TW: No, I feel like I should try to stay cool for a day, probably.
Z: Yeah, you were pretty twerked up.
TW: Yeah, I’ve had a couple days. An interesting couple days.
Z: Yeah.
DR: Hey, Cy! What’s the Wifi password in here?
CM: It’s boilermaker.
DR: Are you freaking kidding me?
CM: All lowercase.
DR: All lowercase. You know, you should really uppercase one of that or else my man Z right here, who’s a real decker, he might hack you and steal all your data.
GR: Boom! Door opens. A large silhouette appears in the doorway. And would the large silhouette like to describe its entrance?
SK: Yes! Kicking open the door is a large- it would be considered a large man, but it’s not a man at all. It’s a large- average-sized Sasquatch. This Sasquatch has black hair and adorning its black-haired body is a long white leather duster.
MM: Ooh.
SK: With the patches of a high-ranking Hot Dog… member. Biker gang guy.
GR: AKA Hot Doggers.
SK: Hot Doggers! Great. Hot Dogger. A Hot Dogger walks in with a matching white leather cowboy hat. He takes off said cowboy hat and you can see that he has shaved his face, much like Hellboy adjusts his body to be more human, has shaved his face and part of his beard area. He looks like more of a human face but with big black mutton chops and has a coif of hair. He hangs his hat up on the coat rack, walks in. He has a staff in his hand, and with each step there’s a thunderous… landing of the foot, of the step.
MM: A hand smacking against a thigh.
GR: Thunderous sound of a hand slapping against a thigh like thunder itself.
SK: Right, like thunder itself, God slapping his thigh.
MM: Holy shit. Dak turns, sees the large imposing figure blotting out the neon lights of the ceiling, and makes eye contact.
R: As I live and breathe, Dak Rambo! Moonwalking over to say hi to my friend Dak Rambo! Dak Rambo! Moonwalking over, oh oh oh!
DR: Hoooooo, snap! It’s my old buddy Rhonnie! Rhon, we’re doing the Hot Dog Highway Handshake!
R: Who got the bun? You gut the bun!
DR: Who got the relish? He got the relish!
R: Who’s got the fun? We got the fun!
DR: Who’s got the mustard? Who got the mustard! Is that how it goes?
R: We all do! And then we all have the mustard, yes.
DR: We all have the mustard.
R: Yes.
P: We all have the mustard!
R: Thank you! Thank you, enchantee.
Z: Who’s your friend, Dak?
DR: This big ol’ lug? This is Rhonnie!
R: This is Rhon- I’m Rhon. Rhon.
DR: Oh, Rhon.
R: Rhon.
P: Rhon.
R: Rhon.
DR: Rhon.
R: I’m Rhon.
Z: Hey, I’m Zenith.
SK: He shakes your hand, and I’m assuming his hand engulfs your hand.
BB: Yeah, absolutely.
SK: Yes.
BB: Zenith is getting the fucking living shit shaken out of his hand right now.
SK: Yeah. Yeah. But very lovingly.
BB: Yeah. Of course. Over-exuberance more than anything else.
SK: Yes, of course! Oh, yeah.
CT: Tech sees that and he puts out a fist for a fist bump and he’s like,
TW: Uh, my name is Squirt Purpler, you can call me the Tech Wizard.
R: I only take those as an attack, friend.
SK: So I swat it out of the way and I give you a big hug!
BB: Yeah!
CT: Should we roll for hugs like we usually do?
GR: Yeah, let’s roll for hugs.
MM: Roll for hugs! It’s a compassion skill.
BB: You gotta roll escape artist if you try to get out.
GR: Unless you wanna engage with the hug- I guess if you’re accepting the hug you don’t have to roll for the hug, but...
MM: You can roll twelve die for your strength.
CT: You know what?
BB: He’s got augmented hugs.
CT: So Tech Wizard- Tech Wizard- Tech Wizard starts to resist instinctually, but then it’s so nice and warm, and honestly he hasn’t been touched in a while, and he just leans into it. And he is lifted off the ground, and just kind of closes his eyes and breathes in the comforting musk like a baby bear.
R: I can feel you’re tense, and I can only imagine what you’ve been through, but it’s gonna be okay. 
SK: And I let him down gently.
MM: Oh my god, beautiful.
TW: Thank you.
GR: Tech Wizard begins crying.
TW: Thank you.
GR: Tears are streaming down his face.
R: Hey, Cy, give me one of those Mac-and-freeze, okay?
P: Hello, sir!
ES: Pox yells up at him.
GR: Plonk plonk plonk plonk! Plonk. Just for good-
CT: Was that him walking?
GR: No, those are five boilermakers. Being sploshed down, thrown your way, skloosh.
P: My name is Pox, I’m also running with this crew. Very lovely to meet you.
ES: And she puts her hand out and shakes just two of his fingers, because that’s how small her hand is.
SK: And Rhon does the gentlemanly thing to do and curtsies with his duster to Pox.
MM: Wow, and he’s still taller than everyone.
SK: Yes!
MM: Even when he bows down.
BB: Yeah, how much clearance does Rhon have between the top of his head and the ceiling?
GR: A half an inch.
BB: Wow.
CT: So when he came in with the hat-
SK: Yeah.
CT: He had the hat on and he was like-
GR: With the hat on it’s half an inch. He’s basically got to keep it on.
BB: Yeah, how does he get the hat off his head?
CT: He has to duck. We didn’t mention that, yeah, you have-
SK: I bend down. I’ve been here before, it’s very easy for me to do. It’s natural at this point.
BB: Yeah, no, it’s just- that would worry the hell out of me.
Z: You are huge, man!
P: How do you use the toilet?
R: Same way everybody else does, twice a day.
DR: Yeah, Rhonnie!
Z: Sorry if we’re being rude, Rhon. It’s just I’ve never met a Sasquatch before, to be honest.
R: I’ll answer all your questions if you drink with me.
SK: I raise up my glass. I say,
R: To old friends.
SK: I cheers Dak Rambo.
R: To new friends.
SK: I cheers everybody else.
R: And to my forever enemies.
SK: And I look over at the Devil Girls.
GR: The Devil Girls look back with piercing stares.
SK: And I down my drink.
MM: Do any of the Devil Girls look maybe like- it’s a piercing stare but they’re actually happy?
GR: Mm-mm, no. They are… these are clearly looks of murderous-
MM: Intent.
GR: Murderous looks. Actually, one’s talking on their comm quietly, looking at him. You’re actually realizing there’s a great amount of tension between the Devil Girls and also the Ghost Riders that are sitting in the back of the bar looking over at you guys right now.
DR: Who are you talking to on your comm?
Z: Dak, I can just look that up.
DR: Okay. Never mind, my friend is going to hack your comm.
R: Now, I believe there were questions about my bodily functions.
P: If you go to the toilet in this establishment…
R: Mm-hm.
P: Is it too big for the hole? Like, to get-
R: Is what, little tiny?
P: Your poop.
R: My poop? Is my poop to big for the hole? Well, I go out- I don’t use the traditional, uh…
P: You can’t use the toilet.
R: I can’t- well, I can’t-
Z: Wait, so she has-
R: Out of deference to-
P: It would just blow out of the side!
Z: She asked how you use the toilet, you said the same as everyone else. You have an entirely different way. 
P: Yeah, like, you can’t fit in this toilet seat.
R: Yeah, out of deference to Chocolate Mystery, I go outside and dig myself a hole.
P: That’s very nice. I understand now, thank you.
R: Yes. Of course.
DR: Anyone else have questions for Rhon?
Z: Rhon-
P: When you-
Z: Yeah, how do you guys know each other? I mean, Dak knows a lot of people, but very rarely do a lot of them come in and give Tech Wizard a heartbreaking bear hug.
TW: Yeah.
DR: Normally they’re pretty mad at me, Rhon.
Z: Yeah.
R: How could I be mad about my little pet boy?
DR: Alright, okay. Come on.
SK: He tousles his hat.
DR: No! Okay, look, Rhon, that- we’re not back in the cave anymore. And I ain’t your pet anymore.
R: Well, see, my momma and daddy forgot my birthday. And this little bundle of joy was found in a flaming pile of plane. So they brought him over here and said “Here, play with this guy.” Well! I taught him tricks, and then we became brothers.
DR: We became brothers, I was partly raised by Sasquatches after my real parents died in a burning flame crash in the Adirondack Mountains. There, anyone else have any questions? Wanna know how I go poop?
P: No, I know how you go poop.
Z: We’ve seen it.
TW: Yeah.
DR: You guys have all seen me go poop.
P: I’ve stared you in the eye while you poop, okay.
TW: Hey, Rhon, I have a question.
R: Yes!
TW: When you guys were living together, did he ever dig into your poop to search for treasures?
R: Well, how else would we survive the winter?
TW: I knew it!
Z: It’s gotta be a- yeah, right? That’s where it comes from.
DR: I did that- to be honest, I did that before the Sasquatches. That was a big problem growing up.
ES: Pox has been drinking whiskey for the first time ever in her life. Just throwing that out there.
BB: Yeah, I was gonna say, Zenith takes a very timid sip of the boilermaker.
GR: It tastes- this is like the boilermaker where they’re not separate, they’re mixed together.
BB: Yeah, yeah.
GR: They’re gross.
BB: Oh, they’re very bad.
GR: It’s gross.
MM: Isn’t that kind of a subjective thing?
BB: Yeah. But they get you fucked up.
GR: Well, I’m talking maybe Zenith thinks it’s gross. Maybe Dak Rambo try- why don’t you try a taste of it?
MM: Ooh, I got a six.
GR: You love it.
MM: Yeah!
GR: It’s real good.
DR: Mm!
CT: Tech Wizard is trying to stay sober, so he just has both hands on his drink, like…
BB: Like you do when you’re trying to say sober.
CT: Yeah. When you’re trying to be sober, you’re holding a drink with both hands. White knuckles.
GR: Tech, why don’t you roll me a willpower? See if you can keep from drinking.
CT: Sure.
GR: Yeah, yeah. Willpower, intuition. I’m calling it.
CT: Yes, Daddy.
GR: Yes, Daddy.
BB: I just want any of the listeners who are confused, in this episode, we’re calling Gannon Daddy even though in our GroupMe that’s Casey’s name.
GR: And also it’s his name in everyday life, and he has a shirt that says Daddy that he wears sometimes when he’s feeling…
SK: Will listeners be confused about what’s happening in your GroupMe?
BB: Oh, most definitely.
GR: It’s a big part of our life, yeah.
CT: Alright, baby. Look at all these-
GR: Oh, brother.
CT: Superpower dice! Alright, let’s count these dice.
SK: You have four.
BB: Four.
GR: Four!
CT: Baby.
GR: Tech Wizard? You are strong enough not to drink.
ES: Yay!
R: Now, I take it as a personal affront if you don’t finish your drink right now.
Z: We have to finish it?
R: I’m already on my second one! Am I right, Cy? Thank you so much.
GR: Clink! Plop.
R: This’ll put hair on your chest, not that I need any more, am I right?
DR: If he’s having a second one-
Z: Dak, your fucking friend is insane.
R: What?
Z: No, I’m just saying, you’re drinking a lot, and that’s not something that’s usually part of our group dynamic.
R: Well, we’re in a bar, and I haven’t seen my little guy in a long time.
DR: I haven’t seen my big buddy! Hey, you know what, Cy? Give me a second one!
GR: Clink, plop.
MM: Glug, glug.
DR: Alright, second one of these giant drinks.
Z: Also, boilermakers are so heavy alcohol.
MM: Not in Shadowrun, they’re very light. Gannon?
GR: No, they’re really heavy. They’re really heavy.
MM: It’s good to lose.
DR: Pox, got the hiccups over there.
GR: One of the Devil Ladies looks down at you and says - and this is a huge Devil Lady, troll-sized but leaner - looks at you and says,
DL: How are you so small?
P: Um… I’m not really sure. I was just born this- How are you so big?
DL: Practice, practice, practice.
ES: And Pox just blinks. That’s all she can muster.
DR: So Rhonnie, you’re still with the Hot Doggers, huh?
R: Moving on up on the Hot Doggers, if you catch my drift.
DR: How high are you on the Hot Doggers?
R: I’m the only one with a white leather duster, if that tells you anything!
DR: I honestly- I didn’t read the book on Hot Dogger… I didn’t read the Hot Dogger secret book.
R: You never read Hot Dog Days and Summer Nights?
DR: I didn’t read that one.
R: You should.
DR: I think you gotta be a member of the Hot Doggers to read that one.
R: No, it’s at the-
GR: Every time you say Hot Dogger, you guys don’t notice because you’re deep in conversation, but you notice, probably because you’re the most sober of all of them.
CT: Mhm.
GR: It feels like everyone’s holding their breath. Or at least Cy looks extremely uncomfortable, and every time you feel the tension just radiating. And you feel it too, with your combat senses, Pox. You feel that too. There is definitely some heat between these guys and Hot Doggers.
CT: Tech Wizard does turn to Pox, kind of suspecting that this might be something, and makes eye contact like, “Um, whaaaat?”
ES: And Pox is pretty drunk, so she just looks- just looks really confused, but she can tell something weird is going on.
DR: Rhonnie, I just gotta let you know that me and my friends were kind of being hunted by a lot of very powerful organizations. And we’re sort of on the run, and I just want you to know that if anything goes down while you’re around us, that I’m sorry that you got involved in this.
R: Well, you know that Rhon never backs down from a fight. But I gotta throw the same thing right back at you. Cause I see that table over there, and that table over there, and that little hovel of people over there, and that table over there,
SK: And he’s just pointing around the room.
R: They’re all hunting me.
DR: You just pointed at every table.
R: Every single table but here.
Z: I don’t think he missed anybody.
DR: You even got the booth in the back!
R: Yeah.
Z: Did you point at Cy?
R: Oh, yeah. I owe him a lot of money.
Z: Okay!
GR: Cy nods.
R: Hey, Cy, blowjob shots for everybody else!
MM: Does he give us blowjob shots?
GR: He gives-
SK: Well, I said for everybody else.
GR: Everybody else. He starts pouring out blowjob shots.
DR: Everyone in the bar?
R: Everyone in the bar besides our group.
DR: Alright, Rhon! Getting the party started! Hey, all of you people who are getting blowjob shots! I just want you to thank my big Sasquatch buddy right here. He’s paying for all of ‘em.
P: It’s got whipped cream on it!
R: Oh, yeah, if you want one as well. It’s kind of an insult shot, but you’re welcome to have one as well.
GR: One of the Ghost Riders looks over and, in a moment of silence, says,
GhR: After you read this bar, you’re all going to die. But especially you, fuckwad.
GR: And he points at Sasquatch.
Z: Whoa!
R: Whoa, me? Okay.
GR: Cy’s like,
CM: Cool it! Hey, cool it! Cool it, this is a neutral zone. We set- this is a designated neutral zone. We don’t do fights. Don’t do fights!
MM: Dak Rambo stands in the way of the finger and takes the finger bullet like a Secret Service man.
R: No! Noooo!
BB: The guy’s trying to point at Rhon to say fuckwad-
SK: Yeah.
BB: And you keep getting in the way.
MM: I try to get in the way, and he eventually, he points up because Dak can’t just be magically taller.
CT: And chase it.
SK: And I pick Dak up and hold him right in front of my face.
DR: Neener neener neener neener neener, ooh!
R: I got my buddy!
DR: You’re gonna have to take me out if you wanna take out Rhon, shithead!
Z: I think that’s what he literally just said that they’re gonna-
DR: Well, he’s gonna have to kill me first.
R: If you wanna get to me, you’re gonna have to go through him. If you wanna get to him, you’re gonna have to go through me.
DR: Z, you wanna get in front of me and take the bullet for me?
Z: Uh, I’m gonna stay over here, where my-
R: Let’s get this loyalty conga line going! Come on.
Z: -where my machine pistol is at most effective range.
DR: Oh, you hear that? My man’s got a machine pistol in his hand!
Z: Don’t!
GR: Cy’s like,
CM: No violence! No violence. No violence.
Z: Uh… okay, here’s- I have a question about this, though, because obviously the neutral zone thing, that’s always been part of gang culture, right? But where exactly does the line stop? Like, as soon as we exit the front door, or- can these guys waste us in the parking lot?
GR: You’re asking Cy or you’re asking me?
BB: Oh, no, this is Z asking Cy.
GR: Cy looks at you and he says to those guys,
CM: This guy wants to know where the line is. I dunno, I guess they can kick your ass if they wanted to, yeah. They can kick your ass in the parking lot, that’s no problem, but if you’re wasting guys it’s just gotta be off the property.
Z: Okay, cool.
CM: Just gotta be off the property, but they can kick your ass.
DR: They can kick his ass, and they may not kick his ass as long as Dak Rambo’s around. What’s this one guy’s issue?
Z: I’m not really worried about anybody kicking my ass, but-
DR: Ooh, yeah, my man’s tough! Pox over there, she’s killed so many motherfuckers.
P: It’s true, I have!
GR: The big Devil Lady looks at you and smiles and nods approvingly.
P: I like you!
DL: Yeah, I like you too.
SK: I take my staff and I reach across the bar, so with my arm length and my staff I can reach the Ghost Rider that’s pointing at me. And I jab it into his chest after each one of these words:
R: I’d like to see you try!
GR: It’s met- silence and a steely glare.
ES: Pox goes over to the jukebox and puts on a pop song. She’s got knowledge of pop music so she puts on one that everybody likes to alleviate the tension.
BB: Oh!
MM: Is it a Grant Junctal song?
ES: Yeah, it’s a Grant Junctal song!
CT: Grant Junctal is an actor!
GR: Yeah.
ES: It is a Grant Junctal cover of a Britney Spears song, Sleepover. It sounds like- We got the - hanging from the ceiling low, la-da-da-da-da- everyone dances and it works. Everyone feels good.
MM: Does everyone dance, Gannon?
GR: Well, Pox is dancing.
CT: Everybody’s loving this!
MM: Dak starts dancing as well.
BB: Z’s bopping his head but he’s not getting super into it.
CT: Tech Wizard is basically trying to fend off a panic attack. He feels surrounded and hyper-aware of how in danger they are.
SK: And Rhon sits down next to Tech Wizard and grabs his drink and starts lifting it up to his mouth.
TW: Hey, nonono- I’m sober-
CT: And it just- Tech Wizard just closes his mouth and so it all just pours down his chin onto his robes.
MM: Where’s Bobo?
GR: Door opens. Bobo’s standing there with a large troll. He’s got a chocolate straw hanging out the side of his mouth like a toothpick. He’s got a vest that is blue, no shirt. And he has big poofy pants and some nice shoes. He recognizes Dak and his eyes are happy, and then he looks and he sees Rhon and looks very worried, shakes his head, closes the door and leaves.
MM: What?
GR: Bobo opens the door and runs after him.
DR: What the hell was that about? Chocolate Mystery looked at me with happy eyes and then he looked at you, Rhon-
R: Mhm.
DR: It was clear he was looking at you because you’re a half inch from the ceiling.
R: He’s looking up.
DR: He looked right up, and he’s a large troll with poofy pants, and he shook his head and ran out wordlessly. What did you do? What just happened?
Z: Yeah, what’s your deal?
P: And also, have you got any candy? Because that man- well, that troll had candy and I’d like some.
TW: If you have any candy. I would just give it to her, honestly.
Z: Yeah, this question’s not gonna stop getting asked.
SK: I pat my duster for my pockets.
DR: Please have candy.
SK: And inside I have-
R: All I have are these chocolate covered raisins but they’re just loose in my pocket.
P: Oh!
SK: So I open my maw-
CT: She eats them.
SK: And she eats them, yeah.
CT: She bends over.
SK: Yes.
ES: Uh, yeah, she licks his hand. No, she takes them from him, but they’re sort of melted.
SK: Yes.
ES: And-
SK: He looks at her as he licks his big fingers, off the chocolate.
ES: She’s like,
P: This is a bond that we’re gonna share forever.
ES: And she eats them all.
Z: Well, you’ve bought Pox’s loyalty, and now you’re gonna probably need to at least answer a few questions in order to buy mine.
R: Alright.
Z: What did you do to piss all these people off?
R: I just belong to the wrong gang. see, the Devil Girls and the Ghost Riders are coming in for our territory. See, we have the easiest route to the Mississipp… i. River.
TW: Mm.
R: And they want that territory, and we’re not gonna give it up, cause we love boats too much.
DR: They’re a motorcycle gang, but they love boats, and they’re really trying to get into boats.
R: We have ski-doos as well.
Z: Oh!
DR: You guys got ski-doos?
R: Oh, do we ever!
DR: You talked about getting ski-doos, you did that real quick.
R: I made that happen, that was my big addition to the Hot Doggers.
DR: That’s why you got the white hat! Cause you got the ski-doos!
R: That’s why I got the white hat, right.
Z: What I’ve always thought was real funny about ski-doos is that, for some reason, despite hundreds of years of technological advancements, ski-doos have remained exactly the same since their invention.
R: They’re like crocodiles of technology, they don’t have to get any better or worse.
Z: Yeah.
R: They’re already the best.
P: What’s a ski-doo?
Z: It’s like a jetski.
GR: All the other motorcyclists stand up and in unison walk out of the bar.
R: Did you guys plan that?
SK: He’s shouting at whoever’s passing.
R: Did you guys plan that, was that coordinated, who- you guys-
GR: Walk walk walk walk walk. Bang, slam, door closes. Cy’s just sitting behind the bar, flipping through his comm, sweatin’.
DR: Rhon, how much money do you owe Cy? I’ll just pay it, it’s cool.
R: Oh, I think upwards of 200,000.
DR: Okay, uh-
TW: Oh, Jesus.
DR: I thought it was going to be 400 nuyen, I was ready to pay 400-
Z: You owe 200,000-
CM: Yeah.
R: Yeah.
CM: And why don’t you explain to these guys exactly why you owe 200,000 nuyen?
R: This is actually the second- or actually the third Blood Gulch Hideaway. I destroyed the first one.
TW: Oh, wow.
R: And when they built it up exactly the same, and I offered to pay for it, and I wrote an IOU. So they still have that one. And then, huh! Wouldn’t you know it, I knocked down the other one as well. And so they built this one. They keep building the ceiling a little bit smaller hoping that I won’t come in but they can’t get my height right, so I can still fit in. That was the deal we made, if I fit in I can come in!
P: Oh!
DR: Wow.
GR: Squinting with his one eye, Cy’s furious.
DR: Hey, you guys have to admit, that’s kind of a funny story!
Z: Yeah, I think we can all laugh about that one, Cy, what do you think?
DR: Cy, tell you what. Here’s 400 nuyen and- I got one other thing for you, and Pox, you’re not gonna like this, but I actually, I got this little Werther’s original. This is an original Werther's original. It’s probably worth about 200,000 nuyen. I got it from Tech Wizard’s nana, this is Tech Wizard.
TW: Hi.
DR: And it’s priceless. I think I give it to you, you give us one more round of drinks for free, and then you call off all of Rhon's debts. And you come with us, you join our gang, you become a shadowrunner.
ES: Pox puts her hand over the Werther’s and looks at Cy, right in the eye.
P: I don’t give my candy away. Luckily, this is not my candy. Take the deal.
DR: Take the deal, Cy! We’re friends!
TW: That piece of candy is from the greatest woman I know. And that alone is worth at least 200,000 nuyen.
CM: I’ll take ‘em if you leave.
DR: You know, you’re not that fun of a guy, Cy. And honestly, I liked you a lot better when you wrote woppam gungam style.
Z: Well, guys, it sounds like-
P: Looks like you didn’t know him after all.
Z: Sounds like we’re pretty close to convincing him that we can solve all of our problems by handing him a Werther’s original.
DR: It’s a good deal, Z! Make fun of it if you want, classic Z.
R: Cy, does this square us off?
CM: No. No!
SK: I throw Pox the Werther’s original.
P: Oh, yeah!
DR: That was not yours to give, Rhon.
R: Okay, little guy.
DR: Alright, now, Rhonnie, I’ve come a long way since the cave.
R: We thought we’d never talk about the cave.
DR: Ever since you burned the cave down.
R: No, you burned the cave down.
DR: No, you burned the cave down.
R: No, you burned- I did not-
DR: You burned the cave down.
R: I was afraid of tinder, you brought it.
DR: I burned the cave down.
R: Yes you did burn the cave down.
DR: I was trying to Willy Wonka you.
R: No no no no no, that’s not-
DR: I mean El Fudge you.
R: This is not a “duck season, rabbit season” thing.
DR: It’s a sasquatch season, you burned down the cave season-
R: You burned down the cave, that’s why you owe me.
GR: Cy’s broken out a cigarette. His hand is shaking, and he’s smoking the cigarette and he says,
CM: The fragility of life, moving from day to night. As the winds change, as the leaves flip in their color from summer to fall to eventual death, so must we all fall eventually to the earth which made us. Damn your souls. Damn you fools. Damn you all.
DR: Woppam gungam style!
P: What was that about?
Z: Yeah, Cy, do you want us to leave?
CM: Those are the original lyrics to Gungam Style.
Z: Oh, wow.
TW: Well, I’m gonna hit the john, and then we get outta here with our lives.
GR: Cy’s hand is really shaking bad, and he takes a drag and he’s like,
CM: We do have a bathroom on the premises, it’s around back right behind the coin-operated drug machine.
GR: You’re gonna have to pass by the drug machine.
CT: Okay.
GR: You’re gonna have to roll another willpower, bud.
CT: Alright, so Tech Wizard heads on back, baby! And with every step little echo, and the cold sweat as he sees these twinkling little hologram animations of different drugs.
GR: Mmhm.
CT: And needles and things like that floating above this machine.
BB: Oh!
GR: You made a dice tower.
BB: Oh, wow, that’s a bad roll, dude.
CT: That’s not a bad roll, I rolled three.
SK: F- oh, yeah, three.
GR: You feel very compelled to spend fifty nuyen on the beta inhibitor. You’re just like, those other drugs, those are really hard, but hey, a little drug to turn off my beta impulses and make me a strong sex man-
CT: Oh, dude!
GR: That’d be really cool! And that seems really appealing to you right now.
CT: Yeah, especially because I feel so small right now.
GR: Yeah! And you’re thinking about those, you know, some cute nice Devil Ladies. How cool would it have been if you could’ve just been like-
CT: To ask-
GR: Hey, what’s it like on the road, you know?
CT: Yeah, what’s the wifi password here?
GR: What’s the wifi password? Can I get you- ah, this is crazy, but can I get you a drink? Do you wanna… take me back to your motorcycle cave?
CT: So let’s just say you are the voice- like everything you’re saying is the voice playing in Tech’s head and- well, I mean I guess you’re the one who makes-
GR: I’m not making you, I’m just- cause you rolled a good enough roll that you can resist this if you want to. You can absolutely resist this. But you did not make a good enough roll for you not to hear how fun and cool it would be to take a beta inhibitor.
CT: Tech Wizard… takes a deep breath. And he promises himself he’ll reward himself with a piece of his grandmother’s candy afterwards. And he goes to the bathroom and he… pulls out his little robo dick. And he’s peeing and he just can’t help but notice how fucking flaccid it is, and how fucking pathetic he is. And he finishes peeing and he’s got fucking dribble on his robe and he always does this, he’s so fucking stupid! And he goes to the sink, and he washes his hands, and he goes all the way up his forearms like he normally does, and he realizes how that fucking big-ass Sasquatch out there probably doesn’t even fucking wash his hands, he’s such a man! And he walks back out, and the drug is there again. And that’s two for one, so what I’d say is that splits the roll in half to a 1.5.
GR: Okay.
CT: And he fucking smashes that like button.
GR: Smash that motherfucking like button!
BB: Like and subscribe!
CT: He subscribes to a life of drug addiction.
MM: Please give us a NeoScum iTunes rating.
CT: And- and he fucking puts it in his mouth, but then he realizes he can’t dry-swallow pills. So he huffs back and he’s like, hurrying, so he’s lifting his robes, and he goes over to the fucking boilermaker, and he grabs it, and he- and he slams it down.
Everyone: Wow, whoa, whoa! 
CT: And it clacks-
DR: Tech, what got into you? Did you jack one out in the bathroom?
TW: I don’t jack one out, Dak! I don’t jack anymore! Because… Daddy gets fucked!
DR: What?
Z: What?
P: What?!
SK: And with giant hands, Rhon starts applauding.
MM: Whenever someone applauds, starts clapping, Dak also has to.
CT: So Tech Wizard, he can’t be outdone now, so he’s- clapping too.
MM: Do Z and Pox laugh?
ES: No.
BB: No. Z is still standing with his mouth completely open. just looking at Tech.
ES: Pox is bobbing her head to the music. And the clapping.
BB: Z turns to Tech and he points at the back of his robe and he says,
Z: You, uh, got a little toilet paper stuck to your robes there, bud.
TW: Oh, did I get some toilet paper stuck to my robes?
DR: Uh-oh.
Z: Just a little bit, it’s really not a big deal.
CT: And he pulls it off, and he fucking crumples it into a little thing, and he puts it in his mouth, and he chews it and swallows it.
SK: Rhon puts both his hands on Tech’s shoulders and goes,
R: We’re gonna die today, boy!
SK: And he pulls something out of his pocket, and it looks like leaves, and he shoves it up his nose.
R: Yeah! Yeah!
DR: Wait, Rhon! What were those leaves you pulled out of your pocket? Is that Stevia? Just Stevia from the rainforest? Cause you know Daddy Dak wants some of that! Got anymore of those leaves?
SK: Without saying a word he pulls it out of another pocket and just right up the nostril.
MM: Right up Dak’s nose.
SK: Right up Dak’s nose.
MM: Mmmm. ooh, Dak pulls out his gun. He pulls out his Ares Predator, cocks it, loads it, puts it up to his head. Dramatic pause as he looks around. He goes,
DR: Hey, Cy!
Z: Don’t, don’t.
CM: Okay.
DR: Hey, Cy. How do you feel about cleaning up a big mess tonight?
CM: Oh, please, I can’t take another suicide tonight.
SK: Rhon goes up to the door and he whips his shotgun that nobody knew he had from underneath his duster and he puts it right at his crotch and he goes,
R: Somebody open that door so they can get fucked!
DR: Wait one second!
R: Yes.
DR: One second, Rhon. Cyclops?
CM: Yeah?
DR: I’m gonna blow my goddamn brains out unless you take that Werther's and erase my friend Rhon’s debt!
CM: Okay, give me the Werther's.
DR: Yeah, this is a good deal for you!
GR: You throw it at the cyclops?
MM: I- wait a second, wait a second, she just-
ES: I have it.
SK: Yeah, Pox has it.
MM: I look in my hand, and it has a little outline of a Werther's.
DR: Pox, I need that Werther's back.
ES: Pox stares at Dak. She shakes her head. She reaches her hand in her pocket and slowly takes the Werther's out and puts it in Dak’s hand. And closes his hand. And says,
P: Fuck you.
DR: Is it actually the Werther's?
P: Yeah.
DR: Aw.
P: Yeah.
DR: Pox!
P: Of course.
MM: The gun accidentally goes off and I kill myself.
SK: Oh no!
ES: No!
MM: Okay, so my new character- walks in the door, his name’s-
SK: And I shoot him cause I’m waiting by the door with my gun!
MM: Cotton-Eye Joe rolls for dodging.
SK: You get a one.
BB: He rolls a one!
GR: Cotton-Eye Joe’s dead!
MM: My next character walks in the door.
SK: I’m so done!
MM: His name is Left-Hand Luke. Okay, no, I’m just kidding-
BB: That was three hits.
GR: Dak did not die.
MM: Dak did not die.
BB: If you’re listening to this, we’re NeoScum, and Dak Rambo is still alive.
GR: Dak- I’ll say, Dak, what if you just fell asleep for a second? You just fell asleep, dreamed that you shot yourself in the head-
MM: Oh my god.
GR: That he killed Cotton-Eye Joe and then Left-Hand Luke came in, and you wake up and the gun is still to your head and everyone is looking at you.
SK: It’s a side effect of the weeds I shoved up your-
MM: Everyone else has left.
GR: Oh, yeah, it’s from the weeds!
SK: Yeah.
MM: Oh, from the, yeah!
SK: That I shoved up your nose.
MM: From the weeds! Oh my god, it all makes sense.
DR: A Werther's original!
MM: I throw it at Cy, he takes it.
GR: He opens his mouth. He sticks out his tongue. It lands on his tongue. With his tongue, which is prehensile, which… I don’t know if, you guys don’t know if that’s a cyclops thing, but it’s definitely this guy’s thing. He unwraps the Werther's, throws the wrapper to the side, and then sucks it down. Chews it up. Swallows it, goes,
CM: That was reeeeally good.
CT: Tech Wizard hocks a loogie in his open mouth.
GR: Okay? Okay. He spits it out, but he swallows half. He punches his fist into a whiskey bottle next to him and he says,
CM: Get outta my bar! Get outta my bar!
DR: Gladly!
SK: I look over my shoulder and I go,
R: We even now?
CM: We’ll be even when you’re in the goddamn grave, which is… soon enough! Soon enough!
GR: And he punches his hand into the beer machine, and beer starts spraying everywhere.
MM: Oh my god, beer! We start dancing, we start doing the Friends theme song.
BB: We?
ES: So no one told you life was gonna dance in beer-
MM: Zenith starts dancing. Actually, just Zenith.
BB: Zenith is just dancing for no reason.
ES: Alone. Everyone else stares at him.
SK: There’s beer spraying all over the place.
BB: And then he goes,
Z: Hey, guys, let’s get outta this bar!
R: I think everyone should take up arms.
ES: Pox turns invisible.
CT: Mm. That’s the stuff.
GR: So you hear- and outside all the gangs from all the motorcycles are forming a semicircle around the door, and you see them all pull up. And in the distance, do you hear? A helicopter mayhaps?
MM: Hoo.
GR: Hoo, yeah.
CT: Man.
GR: What is gonna happen? Who cares? Okay! No, but for real, lemme level with you, player. Let me level with you, good listener who I adore. Listen. It’s me, Gannon Reedy. GM of this game. I wanna tell you about a little something called Hero Lab.
ES: He took his glasses off.
BB: He did, it was insane.
GR: I took my gla- look. We record the episodes a little bit ahead of time, so we’re two or three eps ahead at this point. And lemme tell you, the combat we just ran through on this episode that we just went through, it has been such a lifesaver running things through Hero Lab. And they’ve been letting us use their software, and I just gotta say that if you are doing Shadowrun, and you’re new to it? You’re old to it? You’re medium to it? Man, I’m repping Hero Lab all the way. I want a G-D t-shirt. These guys make the game fun, easy to play, and- oh, Casey Toney.
CT: Mmm.
GR: Ohhhh, Blair Britt. Ohhhh, Eleni Sauvageau and Mike Migdall. Oh, dearly, may I tell you how I do love it so? And that ain’t no bit. Straight up, without this Hero Lab software, this podcast goes in the turlet, okay?
MM: I think- I dunno, dude, I think we can make it work.
ES: Yeah!
BB: I was gonna say, from Blair’s side of things, too? A dope thing that Hero Lab does is after you create your character, they have a whole management system. So even as you’re going through your mission and getting karma, getting loot, buying new shit, you can update it. And then you just send that little file over to your GM and he can plug everything right in, so combat stays smooth as fuck.
GR: Smoooooth.
CT: Smooth. So check it out, Hero Lab.
GR: Check it out.
CT: Yeah.
GR: Also, check out the movie Star Wars.
CT: Very-
GR: It’s this crazy movie that people who listen to the podcast might enjoy.
CT: And also, check out the rest of this episode!
ES: Oooh!
MM: And also check-
GR: Cut out the part where I say Star Wars.
MM: I like that part! Anyways.
CT: What were you gonna say, Mike? Check out what?
MM: Dude. Check out my dick. Check out my dick, check out my dick!
GR: Okay, the gang is standing around a door. Lights flickering in through windows. Gangers outside, awaiting your exit. 
DR: Cy, last time I’m gonna ask, do you wanna join our group and get in a classic Shadowrun brawl?
CM: I fucking hate you. I fucking hate you!
DR: That’s fair.
GR: Oh, also! Oh oh oh oh, oh my god. Dak, your phone’s ringing.
MM: Oh! The ringtone right now is, uh… Do you want to go to the Scarborough Fair? Rosemary, thyme and weed!
BB: It’s Dak having recorded that, too.
CT: Yeah.
BB: And set it as his ringtone.
MM: Dak picks it up and goes,
DR: Yello, this is Dak Industries.
M: Uh, yeah, this is Max? You guys just left me in the car, I’m locked in here right now.
DR: Oh, my god, Max. Max! Are you there?
M: Yeah, wha-
DR: Get down!
M: I really wanted to get a drink with you guys!
DR: Well, you should’ve come like a normal human!
M: You guys slammed the door, and I thought you were mad at me so I was afraid to call!
DR: Oh, my god. I hate how timid you are. If you ever wanna be a real shadowrunner, you have to make an impression, and we’ll start doing that tomorrow. Because right now, I need you to go to sleep. Go to sleep.
R: Wait, wait, wait. Dak, sorry to interrupt your conversation. Is someone in your truck right now?
DR: Yeah. My sister’s kid, Max. This kid is never gonna be a shadowrunner.
R: Well, why-
Z: Just wanna interject real quick, not his sister.
TW: Yeah.
Z: Absolutely not his sister.
MM: Okay, everyone’s got theories, but go to Reddit, post your theories there. We’ll read them later.
GR: Also, is Beans alive?
MM: Hashtag, it’s been many episodes. Uh-
R: Dak, I just want you to know, give em an ‘atta boy. Let him drive the truck to the front door so we can get outta here.
DR: Which truck, your truck?
R: No, my bike is in the back, and I’ll just go grab that and ride outta here.
DR: I’ll tell him to go ride your bike.
R: No, no, no! No. It’s far too large for him.
DR: Max.
R: Nope!
DR: How far away is a large Sasquatch bike?
M: Uh, I do see a big bike outside, but like I said, these doors are locked. And I gotta admit something, my hands are covered in Vaseline.
DR: Oh my god, the Vaseline is still-
Z: You found Vaseline?
DR: The petroleum jelly.
Z: You said Vaseline.
DR: Yeah, but petroleum jelly, Vaseline-
M: I just- it’s- when I’m sticky, Vaseline is the brand that I use when I need lubricant.
R: It’s like Kleenex or tissues.
DR: He’s from south of the Mason-Dixon Line, they call it Vaseline.
Z: Oh, okay. We’re definitely way north of the Mason-Dixon Line.
DR: Hey, Max, question. What do you see out there, buddy? Be my eyes.
M: Uh, okay. Well, I see a guy, he’s got a cool vest, and he’s got chocolate at the side of his mouth that he’s sorta chewing on quiet. There’s a real emaciated dwarf lady that’s trying to calm him down. And I also see a lot of gangers standing around the front door, with chains and guns and stuff. And- well, now that I looked at that, I’m really scared, so I’m not looking at them anymore.
DR: Are they looking at you, Max?
M: Uh… nope, they’re not looking at me.
DR: Okay.
M: They don’t know I’m here! I’m invisible as I’ve ever been.
DR: Hey, Max.
M: Yeah?
DR: Look in the glove compartment.
M: Okay. It’s so slippery. Here we go, opened.
DR: Okay. There should be a big ol’ smoke grenade in there. There’s another grenade, that’s just a normal grenade.
M: Okay.
DR: But the one that’s a smoke grenade is a cylinder. Do you know what a cylinder is?
M: Is that like a circle?
DR: Yeah. Now you’re getting it. It’s like a circle but a rectangle combined.
M: Wow. I just learned something!
DR: Hey, you stick with ol’ Dak Rambo and you may just get an education.
Z: Hey, Dak, Dak. How old is Max?
DR: Max… is my sister’s kid.
Z: He worked at a hotel, right?
DR: Well, he had an internship at a cyber hotel.
Z: Alright, but how old do you think he is?
DR: Mmmmm… maybe we should cut him up and see how many rings he has on the inside.
Z: You’re on the phone with him.
DR: Hey, I’m just trying to scare him a little bit. Get some hair on that naked chest. Uh, Max. Crack the window open a little bit and go ahead and just pull the pin, and then throw it. It’s gonna make a lot of smoke.
M: Okay. I’m gonna do that. Okay, I pulled it.
DR: Okay-
R: Don’t pull it!
M: Hold on! I’m pushing down on the window! Oh wait, it’s not going, these are automatic- these aren’t pull-down windows!
DR: Wrong, there’s a lever.
M: Okay!
DR: Roll the lever.
M: Okay, rolling the lever. Rolling the lever. There’s a- A lot of smoke in-
DR: Alright.
M: And throwing it out! Oh, let’s get this smoke out of here!
MM: I open the door.
SK: Oh, god!
MM: Is there smoke everywhere?
GR: Well, the garage is kind of far away from where all these guys are. So you see in the distance there’s a bunch of smoke coming away from Xanadu.
MM: Okay. Dak opens the door-
SK: Oh, god.
MM: -points at Xanadu, and goes,
DR: Fire! There’s a fire!
MM: Do people look?
GR: Yeah, they look.
MM: I shoot them all.
GR: A couple of them look. A couple of them are still looking at you. Are you engaging in combat?
BB: We’re still in the bar, so they’re not gonna shoot at us.
SK: I shut the- I put my big hand on the door and shut it.
MM: Am I on the outside?
SK: No, you’re on the inside.
GR: Okay, so you close the door. Ca-clunk.
SK: Close the door, yeah.
GR: Cy says,
CM: Listen, I hate your guts, but they’re not gonna kill you if you step out there. They’re just gonna beat your ass.
DR: Oh, they’re not gonna beat our ass, friend.
Z: Yeah, I-
CM: No, I know that. They wanna kill you, they’re gonna let you go.
DR: You think we’re gonna go out there and just take an ass-beating?
CM: They’re not gonna beat your ass. They’re gonna kill you.
DR: Wait. What?
CM: They’re gonna let you go, then they’re gonna kill you.
Z: Wait, so you’re telling us we can get into our car without them hurting us?
CM: If my suspicion is correct, that’s true. I’m still mad!
GR: Then he punches open another whiskey bottle, and his hand is just covered-
Z: I feel like we should just go outside.
DR: Let’s go outside. Let’s initiate them in talking.
Z: Yeah.
GR: Okay.
MM: Okay, we open the door.
SK: I go out the back door.
MM: Oh. Well, how about that. The NeoScum podcast regulars go out the front door.
BB: The main characters go out the front door.
MM: Sure.
SK: And the fan-favorite side character goes out the back door.
MM: It’s official, he’s a fan favorite.
GR: Let’s start with the NeoScum crew proper, see how they handle this. Eyes meet. They’re staring you down.
CT: I just wanna say for the record, Tech Wizard took this cigarette that Cy was smoking and set down in frustration at one point. And is now smoking that.
GR: Okay.
Z: I think Pox is still invisible, is that the deal?
GR: Pox is wearing her camouflage armor.
ES: Chameleon armor.
GR: Chameleon armor, chameleon armor.
Z: Hey, guys, what’s up?
MM: Ladies and gentlemen of Blood Gulch, we are the NeoScum. And we challenge you to a game of Reeeeeeeeed Rover.
BB: Are any of them talking to us?
GR: No, they’re just looking at you.
DR: Link arms, link arms.
TW: We’re not gonna do that.
Z: I can’t fire my gun if I’m holding onto you.
DR: You can be at the end, you only have to hold one hand.
Z: No, I need both hands.
TW: Guys, can we go to the fucking car? These people aren’t gonna do shit.
GR: The motorcycles peel off. They hear you say that. One of the Devil Ladies nods, not in a- actually, you interpret it however you want. She just nods at you.
CT: Oh my god, she wants to fffffffffricking- mmm!
GR: And then they kick up dust and they split off into the woods.
MM: Ooh, Dak starts kicking dust too.
SK: Just kicking dust?
DR: You guys are cowards! Send over the big red Devil Lady over!
MM: He’s just holding his own hands cause no one will hold his hand to play Red Rover with him. Red Rover’s an old, old trucker game, by the way. There’s a reason for this.
Z: Should we get in Xanadu and get out of here, Dak?
DR: Well, if they’re fucking gone, then Jesus. I thought I was gonna have to spill blood in Blood Gulch.
Z: No, that’s the whole point, right? They can’t hurt us here so we’re gonna drive off, and then they’re gonna find us, and then they’re gonna jump us and try to kill us.
DR: Do you think I really care about the rules of this goddamn bar that we wanna leave?
Z: That’s why I was getting up in Cy’s face about it. I was like, how does that even make sense? But it does sound like they’re gonna chill out for now.
MM: I look over and I see the smoke grenade is mostly on the inside of Xanadu.
GR: Yeah.
MM: Max has his mouth up against a tiny one-inch bit that the window’s cracked open.
GR: Yeah.
MM: Like he’s trying to suck in air.
SK: And you see Rhon ride his motorcycle up to Xanadu, go up to the window, and suck in all the smoke. And empties out the cabin, and then blows all the smoke out.
MM: Oh my god!
SK: And then waves.
R: Hey!
ES: Pox pulls down just her hood so she looks like a floating head, and she says,
P: That was amazing! Oh, I got a text!
ES: She checks her texts.
P: Oh, it’s just an auto-update for my app.
Z: What app?
P: It’s called… Candy Crush.
Z: Oh, wow, that’s an old game.
P: Yeah.
Z: Are you still- do you have to send friends invites and stuff?
P: No, this is like- they’re candy-themed cute boys, and you have crushes on them.
Z: Oh!
P: It’s a dating app. But fake dating, like cartoons.
GR: You just got another notification.
P: Oh! Oh, look!
Z: You should turn that on silent or something.
GR: It says Gregory… Gregory Caramel-Covered Chocolate has sent you a chocolate.
P: Oh, my god, I got sent chocolate! Oh, this is great! And you know the best part about it is that none of them are real, I don’t think.
DR: You play that game too? Gregory Caramel-Covered Chocolate died in my game.
P: He died?
MM: Seriously, this is its own podcast. We can spend hours talking about Candy Crush and Gregory Caramel-Covered Chocolate. Who, by the way, has just replaced Rhon as the new fan-favorite. Will be played by JPC. Oh, that was too real. People really love Gregory Caramel-Covered chocolate.
P: It’s because he’s so cute.
Z: And he’s covered in caramel.
P: Alright, I’m gonna- yeah, he’s covered in caramel and chocolate.
Z: Wait, but he’s- but his name-
P: His name’s Gregory.
Z: It’s Gregory Caramel-Covered Chocolate. And he’s covered in caramel and chocolate?
P: Yeah, but he’s really attractive, also. He’s very very handsome, and also I love that he’s just dripping in caramel and chocolate.
Z: And chocolate!
P: And that’s what his clothing is made of.
CT: Tech Wizard is into this.
P: And then there’s another boy, and his name is, um… Mark Pepper, and he wears- he wears… little boxer shorts that are made out of mints. I like him too, he’s very nice.
DR: Mark Pepper died in my playthrough.
P: Why do you keep killing them?
DR: I’m not killing them, they killed each other over me. See, I told Mark Pepper that Gregory Caramel-Covered Chocolate sent me some chocolate, and it wasn’t enough. They fought each other and they died.
P: Oh my god.
Z: Hey, speaking of dead people, did Max just pass out and fall below the level of the window?
MM: Gannon?
GR: Yes.
MM: I open the door.
SK: Did you guys cross the field?
CT: Tech Wizard has lingered behind, so as the rest of the crew approach the car Tech Wizard is still by the building, and he’s smoking his cigarette. And he pulls it down to just the butt, tosses it on the ground. And he opens the door of Blood Gulch and he goes,
TW: Hey, Cy! Third time’s the charm.
CT: And then he casts Flamethrower at the base of the building and lights it on fire.
MM: Oh, my god.
GR: Oh my goodness.
CT: Baby, force fuckin’ 8.
BB: Damn!
GR: I just made a surprised face
CT: Oh, wow. He spends an edge. All 8, baby.
GR: You see Cy’s one eye, a look of sheer panic in that one eye before flames immediately catch all the alcohol that he’s been punching and spraying around. It catches, whoosh! And you see flames go up in front of him, and the building catches like a box of tinder.
CT: Tech Wizard, of course, walks away from it as it goes up.
GR: Smoking a cigarette.
CT: Yeah. And you can’t help but notice, that, well… there’s-
GR: No.
CT: Never mind.
ES: eah! Say it!
BB: Let’s get it and not use it.
ES: Yeah, you gotta say it!
CT: In the silhouette of the walk away, I think you know what you see under those ol’ robes.
Z: Hey, Tech, is your dick super hard right now?
P: Yes, he’s got a raging boner!
R: If you call that a dick.
DR: Oh, yeah!
Z: Hey, Tech, what the fuck, man? That building is the only neutral ground.
TW: Yeah. It’s either kill or be killed, and by that I mean it’s kill, so let’s get in the fucking car and do this.
MM: Dak was actually just waving to Chocolate… Mystery?
GR: Yeah, Chocolate Mystery.
MM: And he was trying to say goodbye. And he’s holding eye contact with Chocolate Mystery, who’s not looking behind him, but there’s the sound of timber falling behind him. Dak is like, there’s a little Dak in his head who’s talking to another Dak, and he’s like, “Don’t let Chocolate Mystery turn around.” And the other Dak just goes, “I’m Daaaak Rambo!” And then Dak goes, “Oh my god, it’s on fire!”
GR: You see Bobo running towards the fire with her drone, and the drone is squirting little tiny spurts of water to try to put it out. That’s all you see as you turn. I imagine you’re wheeling the car around getting ready to leave with that guy?
MM: Yeah, I immediately unlock the doors and jump in. I sit on Max’s lap because he passed out in the driver’s seat.
GR: Yes.
MM: What? He’s my sister’s kid!
SK: I pull up to the driver’s side door. We’re almost at eye level because of my height.
MM: You’re so big.
SK: I’m so big.
R: Alright.
DR: We ride.
R: This is gonna be a tough road.
DR: I’ve already smashed a bunch of trees.
Z: Yeah, we pretty much leveled the whole way coming in here.
DR: It’s an easier road now.
R: We have to get to my-
DR: The hot dog dome?
R: My sanctuary.
DR: The Hot Dogger’s dome?
R: The bun.
DR: The bun! That’s a better name than the Hot Dogger’s dome.
R: That’s alright, we were workshopping it. I thank you for your input. It’s somewhere between 70 and 150 miles from here. I don’t quite remember.
GR: It’s in Chicken Town.
R: It’s in Chicken Town.
DR: Oh, it’s in Chicken Town, it’s still in Chicken Town.
Z: Oh. yeah.
GR: You hear the sound of revving engines all around you in the woods. Vroom-
MM: Okay, yeah yeah yeah. Dak takes off and we follow Rhon’s lead.
SK: Sea Triscuit. My motorcycle’s called Sea Triscuit.
MM: Like Sea Biscuit?
SK: No, Sea Triscuit. It’s better.
GR: Rhon’s in the- okay, cool. You see from behind, Rhon’s got two spider eyes on the back of his head. He’s got two eyes of a spider so he can see behind him.
MM: Dak waves.
SK: With one of my spider eyes I wink.
MM: Oooh!
BB: Ooooooh!
MM: That’s cool.
BB: Wait, there’s lids on the spider eyes?
GR: Oh my god.
SK: Yeah!
CT: Oh my god!
SK: Yes! And that is how I will, as we’ve done before on our past missions, I will signal to you which way to turn.
MM: Oooh, cool!
ES: Ahhh!
CT: As opposed to using-
BB: As opposed to us just following you when you turn?
MM: Dak is-
SK: Well, cause if have to make a quick turn, if I’m going to feint or something like that.
MM: Dak is explaining-
DR: No, if he has to make a quick turn, if he has to feint or something like that.
Z: Hey, look, I’m just glad you guys have something.
P: He’s gonna faint while he’s driving?
Z: No, like a juke or a-
DR: Uh oh, he just blinked both eyes. That means stop.
GR: The sounds of revving- the sounds of motorcycling kick in even louder, and six motorcycles pour out of the woods and are pulling alongside you right now.
MM: Ooh.
GR: And we’re gonna go into combat. First up, we’ve got Dak Rambo. You’re piloting the car right now, and I’m gonna make you take a regular piloting test, because there are a bunch of trees and stuff that you have to maneuver around.
MM: Four hits.
GR: You’re able to do good, you’re driving good. Is there another action you wanna take driving the car, looking at these? It’s three by three, three motorcycles on your left, three on your right. Two Ghost Riders in the front, two Devil Ladies on your left, one Devil Lady and one big Devil Lady on your right.
MM: Okay. Can I… with my mechanical arm, are they close enough- I imagine we’re in close quarters. Are we close enough that the giant mechanical arm on the top of the cabin of Xanadu, I’d just like to go reach over, pluck one of the Devil Ladies up by the head and crush her head. 
SK: Jesus!
GR: Okay.
BB: Just knock her off the bike!
GR: You can roll for that.
CT: Tech Wizard resisted all drain, by the way. With the most amazing roll that nobody was paying attention to.
ES: Oh!
CT: I swear I didn’t cheat.
GR: You just got eight hits?
CT: Yeah.
GR: That’s good as hell, man.
CT: And on, uh-
GR: You should’ve passed out after that.
MM: Okay, so like one of the little mechanical arms that pick up the little aliens from Toy Story, with two hits I try to pluck up one of the Devil Ladies.
GR: The arm reaches over, but the Devil Lady pilots out of the way.
DR: Those games are always rigged anyways.
MM: I whisper to Max, trying to teach him a lesson in his sleep.
GR: Next up we’ve got Zenith.
BB: I guess, which side of the car am I sitting on?
GR: Great question, where’s everyone sitting right now?
BB: I’m gonna say I’m sitting on the left behind Dak.
CT: Tech Wizard is leaning his arm out the right passenger side window, very cas.
ES: Okay, I’m in the backseat. In the backseat.
MM: I’m on the roof of Xanadu.
BB: Cool. I guess I’ll say I roll down the window, and I’m gonna try to take a shot with my machine pistol.
GR: Okay, cool. Oh, you are gonna take minus two, being in a vehicle that’s moving.
BB: Okay. Three hits.
GR: Ooh! So you spray out the window. Devil Lady peels out of the way, dirt blasting up. She laughs, ha-ha-ha, sticks out her forked tongue and pulls up the middle finger on her nice hand.
BB: Uh, I’m gonna shoot at her again.
GR: Oh, okay.
BB: Cause I can fire as a simple action if I’m just doing semi-auto. This time I got five hits.
GR: Five hits! M-bleeper! Buddy! Spray again! Hits her a little bit on the arm. She’s hurting. Ouch. She says. I’m friggin’ loving it. Okay! That very Devil Girl, it is her turn now. She reaches into her boot and unclicks a nice-looking SMG, flips it into her left hand and fires at one of Xanadu’s wheels. Okay! Xanadu’s gonna take some damage.
MM: Well, hold on here, she’s shooting at the tires?
GR: Yeah.
MM: Does this dumbass know I have eighteen tires?
GR: She’s shooting at your front tires.
MM: Ooh, my front tires! Which ones? There’s seven.
BB & SK: Seven front tires?
MM: Yeah, doesn’t make sense.
BB: They’re just in a line at the bottom.
SK: Yeah.
ES: One at the very very- 
BB: It’s like a tank tread in the middle.
GR: Thirty-six? Thirty-six armor? What’s the goddamn point?
MM: I got eighteen armor and eighteen-
GR: She’s shooting at the-
BB: Well, yeah, but that’s a-
GR: Oh, it’s 36 total dice?
ES: Yes.
BB: Yeah. Well, to resist damage.
GR: Yeah. Okay.
ES: You’re not gonna be able to hold them all again. This is like last time.
MM: Okay, now, look. Mike’s got big ol’ bear paws. One thing about me, alright, that everybody knows-
SK: Rhon is actually-
MM: I got the best hands. I got tremendous hands.
SK: Rhon was inspired by Mike Migdall. That’s the truth.
MM: Wow.
GR: Are you really- I can pull up a dice roller thing on my computer.
MM: I don’t need a dice roller, I’ve got hands.
SK: He’s got two hands!
BB: Yeah, we’re just gonna have to do this, what, how many more times are you gonna take a shot at Xanadu?
GR: I guess not any after this.
BB: Now let’s-
MM: This is gonna be one episode, this dice…
ES: How many are you holding?
BB: Why are you still counting? What the fuck, this is sick.
MM: Cause everyone’s talking to me and distracts me. I may got big hands, but I got a tiny little brain. Nine… ten…
SK: Eleven… twelve… thirteen… fourteen… fifteen… sixteen… Seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two-
BB: Oop, dropped the dice on the ground. Die on the ground.
CT: Ey!
BB: It sounded weird in my head. I’m getting there! I’m getting closer!
CT: I’m proud.
MM/ES/GR: Twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one.
MM: I need five more die.
SK: There’s three here. You need two more.
ES: Thirty-four.
SK: There’s two up here.
MM: Thirty-five, thirty-six.
GR: You gotta beat eight.
MM: Oh my god. The roll doesn’t count. I’m just kidding, it does. Wow.
GR: Do you have eight?
MM: Brother, I got thirty-six eights. I gotta count them all, though.
BB: That’s not the number we were looking for.
ES: One… two… three…
BB: Yo, Mike, you did know that they had to be six-sided die, right?
MM: Wait a second, what about this one-sided die that I brought in here?
BB: That just has an eight on the front?
MM: A piece of paper. Got seven, Gannon.
CT: Yeah!
GR: Yep! She fires at one of the tires, and the tire goes, and air starts spraying out of it slowly. Xanadu takes one damage. Specifically to the tire.
MM: Which tire?
GR: Upper mid left?
MM: Ooh, that one was flat anyway. Okay, next turn.
GR: Pox!
P: Well, I guess I’m just gonna try out my new monofilament whip.
SK: Ooh.
GR: Let’s say you’re on the right side.
ES: Uh-huh.
GR: Cabin, open up the window. So there’s a Ghost Rider in front. In the middle, though, is the big, big big big Devil Girl Lady. She is the closest to you.
ES: Oh, gosh.
GR: And she’s looking at you.
ES: And I look at her, and I say,
P: I thought we could be friends.
ES: But she doesn’t hear, because it’s way too loud. And I whip her! Across the neck, and pull.
GR: Whoa! Okay.
ES: I did bad!
BB: You should-
ES: I have two edge?
BB: Yeah.
ES: Yeah, I’ll spend one.
ES: Two hits!
GR: Two hits. And that is not a bingo. You swing that dang thing out the window, and she ducks her head, and she looks up at you and goes, Hisses.
P: Ew!
Devil Lady: No, you’re gross!
P: No, you’re gross!
Devil Lady: Come on!
P: Turn your face back to the road.
Devil Lady: No thanks.
P: Ew!
Devil Lady: As if.
ES: She just rolls the window back up.
GR: Tech Wizard, it’s your turn.
TW: Hey, Dak?
DR: Hey, what’s up, Tech?
TW: Veer left.
CT: Tech Wizard makes a very steep ramp taking up three-fourths of the road and off to the space around, and then there’s just trees on that side. With a physical barrier, everybody! We’re doing it!
BB: It’s back!
CT: Everybody’s favorite spell!
BB: The thing where we try to kill people by making them run into walls and stuff!
CT: Listen, dude-
ES: Yay!
MM: Tech Wizard is pretty much just the Pokemon Mr. Mime.
CT: This one’s a ramp, though. I wanna see them fly because they’re motorcycles.
GR: Okay, what kind of force you dropping on this thing?
CT: Oh, what kind of force am I dropping?
GR: That’s what I asked.
CT: I’m sorry, that was just- I was just joking, Gannon, I know.
ES: Ohhh, PP?
MM: Are we still recording?
GR: No, we aren’t. Sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry to be sassy.
CT: Yeah, okay. A height equal to the spell’s force and a length equal to its force times two. 
SK: What?
CT: So I’m gonna do force… force sev… force seven.
GR: See, this is what I like about Shadowrun. The needless specificity that you have to adhere to to make the spells work. That, to me, I fucking honestly love that shit. Shoutout to complicated rules.
CT: Well, I guess I didn’t glitch, so the wall is made.
ES: The wall of walls.
CT: And it’s a ramp, mind you. And not a shallow ramp, it’s one of those that curves up like a fucking half-pipe.
BB: Like a half-pipe. So they’re just… It’s not like they’re flying forward-
CT: Yeah.
BB: They’re literally converting all of their momentum into vertical movement.
CT: Yeah. So their physical recovery here, because it was so fast, has gotta be, how fucking sick are they that they can land it afterwards?
BB: This sounds terrifying and honestly mean.
MM: Too mean.
GR: Dak Rambo, can you give me a pilot grind for the vehicle, see how well you can whip it, whip it good?
SK: Is this gonna affect me at all?
GR: Oh yeah, sorry! Sorry, I forgot that you’re-
SK: I’m here, yes!
GR: It’s gonna be, let me tell you, let me tell you.
BB: This is Stephen’s first roll.
CT: Gonna spend some karma-
SK: I got… six!
BB: -melee weapon skill.
MM: Hey, Gannon?
GR: Okay, that’s good.
MM: I’d like to spend an edge.
GR: Six.
BB: We have a theme!
GR: Let’s paint the picture. What does it look like? You go first and then we’ll go.
SK: Oof.
MM: Dak, in his mind’s eye, he sees himself, he has an out-of-body experience.
SK: Great.
MM: He sees himself gripping the steering wheel, all of the color drains from this world. It’s just black and white and… there’s a flash of red! Everything’s red. He bleeds into the machine, and suddenly you can’t tell what’s Dak and what’s Xanadu. You can tell the other passengers, because they stick out like sore thumbs. You’ve got Max, who Dak is sitting on. Looks like a schmuck. You’ve got the rest of the gang, they look cool. Check out Will Kirkby’s art, it looks cool. You can’t tell what’s Dak, what’s the truck, and suddenly Dak’s face is superimposed on the grill of the truck.
SK: Yes. Yes!
MM: Sort of like Thomas the Tank Engine, only it’s Dak the Dak Engine.
CT: Oh, you know I gotta know what it says.
MM: What does it say?
CT: Yeah, what does- I’m sure that old mouth opens up and says something.
MM: First thing before it opens, you see the big goofy Dak cat eyes on the headlights. And they just sort of roll around! Sort of roll around like- if you’ve ever seen an episode of Thomas the Tank Engine, you know those eyes are just moving around, and it’s kind of creepy, but it’s also kinda sexy. And the mouth opens up, and goes, “Choo chooooo! Just kiddin’, I’m a truck. Honk, honk! I’m Daaaaaaak Truckbo!”
CT: Yeah!!
MM: This is one of Dak’s Digimon evolutions. Fuses with the truck and becomes a powerful truck-Dak hybrid.
BB: Dak Truckadoo?
MM: Yeah. Te- Dak Truckadoo! It’s not its official name, that’s just yours. And-
BB: That’s my name?
MM: That’s your name.
ES: Your name!
MM: That’s your name, Blair. Daaaaaak Truckadoo Britt.
BB: Great.
MM: Follow him on Twitter. He goes, like Pacman, on invisible-
CT: What?!
MM: On invisible dots. This has gone on way too long. So somebody stop me, seriously, I feel like a real Dakhole right now.
SK: And as that’s happening, Rhon uses his forced focus and everything slows down, and all the tree trunks become Sasquatch legs.
MM: Oooh!
CT: What?
SK: And from above, from above the skyline, you can’t see cause it’s so tall, but hands come down and point the direction he should be veering.
CT: Oh, shit.
SK: And so he slowly does. And then kisses his fingers and gives them back up to the sky.
MM: Oh.
BB: And he fucking nails it, right?
SK: Yeah, nailed it. Nailed it.
GR: Nails it. Xanadu nails it. The bikers? Just hit the ramp and go, just- like, they could not- it happened way too fast for any of them. And they just- shoot off into the woods, and you see sparks fly as they fall off their motorcycles. The motorcycles smash up against trees, bodies hit the floor.
ES: Bodies- hit the floor, let the bodies hit the floor-
SK: Please let those bodies hit the floor!
GR: And they smash and flip as you guys peel out and keep on driving. They are out of commission!Congratulations.
Z: How we doing on that drain, Tech Wiz?
CT: Tech Wizard takes two drain, which is like, Tech Wizard takes two drain when he’s taking a-
BB: A dump?
CT: Dump. So it-
BB: You’re telling me he astrally projects when he’s taking a dump?
CT: I don’t want to. He’s gotta get the magic fingers to pull the rest of it out! He doesn’t have a good diet!
MM: Dak starts laughing because this is the actual conversation you guys are having in the cabin, but Dak is- his face is still on the grill of Xanadu. And as he’s laughing, smoke is coming out of the hood because you shouldn’t laugh if you’re a truck face. It’s a rule, don’t laugh.
GR: You guys did a maneuver like and then all six hit the ramp and flew off.
BB: Holy shit.
ES: That’s amazing.
GR: It was a good roll! What can I say?
CT: Hey, guys, sometimes you roleplay as a big man. And sometimes you roll as a big man. Sometimes you do both.
BB: I thought you were delivering this as Tech Wizard and it took me a little while to realize you were talking as Casey.
CT: Blair!
ES: Oh my god, no!
MM: How’s, uh…
SK: Let’s pull over.
BB: Yeah, pull over.
SK: Yeah, as I’m riding I put up one of my fists, in a closed fist as a pull-over sign.
CT: Oh, I thought you just closed both spider eyes.
BB: No, that’s stop.
SK: That’s stop.
CT: Oh.
BB: Which we’re technically also doing, but this is another signal.
SK: Right.
MM: Dak raises his hand also victoriously, gives a little of the same fist.
SK: And we both raise it up and down slowly.
MM: This was a thing we’ve done-
R: I wanna hear that horn!
DR: Oh, yeah yeah yeah.
MM: Dak Rambo goes in and pulls the horn. Can I get that again one more time? So we pull over, and Dak and Rhon look at each other.
SK: Rhon takes off his hat and starts fanning himself.
MM: Dak takes off his trucker hat that says “beef ravioli,” which is someone’s headcanon on Twitter, they said that Dak has a hat that says “beef ravioli.”
SK: Now it’s real canon.
MM: Now it’s real canon.
GR: And I’m a real Gannon.
DR: Rhon, that was awesome.
R: That was great. I really didn’t do anything beyond riding my trusty wheels, but-
Z: Hey, man, it’s all part of being with the NeoScum crew, is all of us are trying to do something and not everybody gets to be useful all the time.
R: Hey, we all made it out stronger, better, faster.
TW: Rhon, you love to charge like a real alpha. I respect that.
SK: He puts his hat back on.
R: I’m just doing me.
P: I think I speak for all of us when I say, can I ride on the back of the motorcycle with you?
R: Of course.
P: Wow!
TW: I’ll drive the truck.
DR: You ain’t driving the truck, pal.
TW: Buddy, I feel like I gotta drive a truck. At least let me sit on the top and say yeehaw.
Z: Tech, I know you’re riding this cool guy thing right now-
R: Tech-
Z: -but you’re really stepping on some of Dak’s toes that he does not want to be stepped on.
R: Tech, I’ve got the one thing that’s gonna cure what ails ya.
TW: Hm.
R: Why don’t you throw one leg over on the side of Sea Triscuit and I’ll rev it for you? Did I say rev?
TW: Oh, god! It’s happening! It’s happening!!
P: Oh my god, get off!
TW: Help me get off! I gotta get off!
GR: And as they hoot and holler, the camera pulls out, up into the rising sun in the distance. And what is the sound that we here? The thwop-thwop-thwop of a helicopter? Foreshadowed originally, now again? 
BB: You didn’t even know what foreshadowing was!
GR: Thwop thwop thwop, it goes? And do we peek inside? And who is piloting?
MM: Dead Beans, but he’s dead.
GR: Thwop thwop thwop thwop. Who’s in it? I don’t know! Blackout.
SK: Hey!
MM: Name that Pokemon! Alan Thatcher!
BB: I don’t think I can talk cause I have two of them.
SK: Yeah. Wait till I finish the clicking.
ES: Everyone needs to finish their own so that we can sing the alphabet song.
GR: You got the Altoid done, you have to raise your hand.
BB: I’m fucking done! I ate two of them and I finished them faster than any of you finished one.
SK: That’s because you’re chewing!
ES: That’s true!
CT: I can still hear it in your mouth, dog.
ES: I’m gonna just…
MM: You’re not done, dude.
CT: You’re not done, dude. Get your hand out, dude.
BB: I like chewing at a certain part because my whole mouth just feels very super minty.
ES: Yeah, look, they put their hands down.
BB: I don’t wanna fucking raise my hand for twenty minutes while Casey-
CT: Well, you shouldn’t have chewed your Altoids so fucking fast! We didn’t agree that we’d all chew our Altoids! You made that-
BB: I had two, I had to fucking close the gap somehow and I decided to close it in a way that made no gap at all.
ES: Now it’s just you.
BB: It was easier than me fucking fellating an Altoid in my mouth for twenty-five minutes. 
MM: Wow, Casey, did the Altoid come yet?

[EPISODEBREAK15]

SK: Character creation tools and management tools for NeoScum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information.
BB: I’m gonna take, the first thing we do. Zenith’s taking his shoes off in this episode.
ES: First thing I’m gonna do? Find a dog.
MM: First thing Dak Rambo’s gonna do is flush the toilet for the entire episode, just over and over and over again. Until the episode’s over! Why? Nobody knows! 
MM: Look over you Toney!
BB: Don’t make Toney laugh!
ES: Don’t make Toney laugh!
GR: It’s morning. It’s morning. How’s that one song go? We’re looking at a Missouri highway side on this roughly-kept gangster freeway. Zoom, goes Xanadu, choog-a-loogin’ along. Camera goes onboard! Zoop!
MM: We’ve got Daak Rambo! And he’s behind the wheel of Xanadu. And his eyes are open and his hands are gripping the wheel. And it...oh, the white leather seats of Xanadu are glistening in the morning sun!
GR: Cool, what’s everyone else up to?
BB: Zenith is kicking it in the backseat-ish area of the front cabin of Xanadu. He’s taking some of those sweet photos and videos he snapped of this crazy ramp trick Tech Wizard just pulled off, and he’s editing it all together for a nice little compilation film.
MM: Cool.
GR: Nice, what’s the song he’s putting underneath it?
BB: Honestly, it’s probably gonna end up being I Believe I Can Fly.
GR: Heh.
BB: But a little problem with it—
CT: Tech Wizard’s giving him a lot of suggestions.
BB: Yeah, yeah.
MM: Is there a non-R. Kelly cover of that song?
BB: It’s like a 2075 neo-robo cover of that song.
GR: They call that neo-neo soul.
CT: How long has it been since the end of the last episode?
BB: I was also curious.
GR: It’s been about an hour.
CT: Is the beta inhibitor still active?
GR: You know, I think it’s like, I ain’t ever taken Viagra, but it might be a Viagra-type thing where it’s like— 
CT: We don’t want it to go. 
GR: you put your brain in the zone and then it’s like, “Whoa! I’m in the zone!” And then when it’s done, I dunno, it just sort of trickles away? I don’t know, how long does Viagra last?
CT: I know four hours is too long.
SK: No more than four hours.
BB: You know, it’s funny you ask, because Hero Lab character creation and management tools cannot help us in this particular instance. For some reason they have no information on the half-life of Viagro in-game.
MM: Ooh, Viagro.
BB: Viagro!
ES: Search Google for how long does Viagra last?
Female Brit Siri: Searching Google for how long does Viagra last.
BB: I was gonna say, is it—
ES: Vee-ah-gra. Vee-ah-gra!
GR: Searching Google.
CT: I think your accent’s better than hers.
ES: Oh, thanks!
GR: How long does Vee-ah-gra last?
MM: Vee-ah-gra and Vee-ah-gro. Twins.
ES: It will vary from person to person, but it has been known to work for up to five hours at a time. Most men will find, however, that the effects of the pill will start to wear off two to three hours after first taking it.
BB: There you go.
GR: So you’re kind of getting off of it.
CT: But it’s more than just Viagra. Let’s be clear, I don’t want people who after two weeks are thinking that—
SK: Right.
CT: TW is just…
ES: Taking Viagra.
CT: A little hot boy. He’s-
SK: I also put a bunch of leaf stuff in your nose!
CT: You put leaf stuff in my nose, and beta inhibitors make you super alpha and—
SK: Mmhm.
CT: It’s more than…
SK: We don’t know what those leaves were.
BB: It’s at this moment Zenith decides that I Believe I Can Fly is not the right song for this. Instead, he sets the video to Chariots of Fire. An oldie but a goody.
GR: Oldie but a goody. What’s Pox happening?
ES: Pox is on the back of Rhon’s motorcycle.
BB: Ohhhh.
ES: And she has been crouching on the back of the motorcycle, looking backwards, and then occasionally turning around, climbing up his shoulder, and sitting on on his shoulder. Just looking off, feeling really really cool.
SK: Rhon usually rides solo, so this is a treat. He has someone to speak with. I feel like Dak and Rhon have this unspoken bond, so they’re kind of trading leading off and on. He likes to draft behind me because he can see in front, but I like to go behind and it’s a big surprise of what’s coming up.
BB: In a way that I’m assuming the rest of the crew is completely confused by.
MM: We’re just, it’s like an Audi commercial, where we’re just saloming back and forth. 
SK: Yes, exactly.
MM: And there’s other drivers on the road who are looking—
BB: Trying to pass over and over again. 
MM: Just don’t know what the hell is going on.
SK: Yeah, yeah. We block anyone who...It’s both the protagonist and the antagonist from Duel. That’s what’s happening right now.
GR: Okay. Last but not least, TW. What are you up to?
CT: At this point, then, Tech Wizard is still riding the macho train to man-town. He is… what would a tough guy, what would a real fucking man do right now?
GR: I don’t know, what would Casey Toney do?
CT: Dude, he’s laying in the backseat, and he’s got his fricking feet up on the cushions. Doesn’t even care.
BB: Oh, my god.
MM: What feet—
SK: With his shoes on?
MM: What feet—
CT: With his shoes on!
SK: Whoa!
GR: With his sandals?
BB: With his sandals on, right?
CT: Yeah.
MM: Hold on.
BB: Is that canon now?
CT: That is canon now.
BB: That is cannon everywhere?
MM: Time out, time out. What cushion are those feet on?
CT: Like the left or right, or do you mean the—
MM: Are the feet near Dak Rambo’s head?
SK: They’re probably right behind, they’re on the headrest right behind him.
MM: Let Casey-
SK: I know.
MM: Let young Casey answer that question.
CT: No, no. The head…Casey’s head, fuck! The feet are on the other side, they’re on the passenger side. The window kind of opens up a little bit and he’s got the back of his head leaning out there with the wind in the hair.
MM: That’s beautiful.
BB: Is the hat out the window, is it kind of smushed against it?
CT: No, the hat is hiding the fucking erection that he can’t make go away.
BB: Just sitting on his lap? 
MM: How? 
CT: I mean he’s alpha, but he’s not fucking…
MM: How does that work with you robo junk? 
CT: That’s a good question and that’s for the extended universe.
BB: You guys. If you want to find out more about the exact state of Tech Wizard’s cyber hog, subscribe to One Shot’s Patreon.
MM: Blair has a scientific journal article that’s 108 pages long about the science behind the robo hog. 
BB:Yeah, and then we do an analysis, so it's like a three-hour episode decked out in the secret archive. 
CT: You have to defend that this Saturday. 
BB: Oh yeah. I’m getting a PhD.
ES: Near anatomical drawings and everything. 
BB: Oh yeah. I invented a robot penis just for this podcast.
CT: Yeah, so that’s where Tech Wizard is.
GR: Nice. So, one thing I wanted to bring up. This is like a Dak Ramo specific piece of information. Dak Knows that one of his wheels got shot and is flat. You can probably make it to the next town, but there’s a possibility that it could flip up and mess up one of your axles on your truck. And if it does that, then the truck is going to be out of commission. You’re going to have to spend some time fixing it. Just so you know, that’s a risk. So, if you want to take some time to fix that right now, you can do that. And also, shout out Indiana Matt. Thanks for giving me that truck information. 
CT: Hell yeah. 
MM: From users. Are there any rest stops or—
BB: Can I pull up my map and look? 
GR: Yeah, you can pull that up. There aren’t. The last place that you guys just burned down was the last one between here and Chicken Town. 
BB: Zenith pulls up the map and projects it all like on the inside of the windshield while we’re driving. 
TW: It’s beautiful.
DR: How long to Chicken Town? Could it be cool? 
GR: You got about two hours. 
DR: Two hours. That’s nothing. 
GR: So, Dak. Something that’s but you’ve been very aware of this whole time as you’re travelling through this mossy...It’s getting, the countryside is getting a little less flat. A little greener. A lot more trees as you’re driving through this damper more lush countryside. Something that’s been in the back of your mind is this fucking helicopter that has been following you. And at first, about 30 minutes ago you were nervous it was going to overtake you guys and start fighting. Maybe you didn’t say anything at the time, but it has kept pace , so that is not getting any closer to you, but it seems to be purposefully keeping a distance. Or maybe you’re just losing it. 
MM: This helicopter, the same one that we lost when we went into the woods? 
BB: It might be. 
GR: It might be. You’re not sure. 
DR: Okay. If that’s how I feel, I’d just like to pull over on the side of the road and take a shot at it with my hunting rifle. 
GR: It’s really far away. It’s like a little black dot. 
BB: Also, are you going to do that without explaining yourself at all to the rest of the group? 
MM: Yeah. 
GR: you’re still going to do that? 
MM: Here’s what happens. We pull over on the side of the road. 
SK: Okay. You have not signalled to me to pull over, so we keep driving straight.
P: Bye, bye!
BB: Also, Zenith immediately goes, 
Z: Hey, Dak., why are we slowing down and pulling over? 
MM: Dak steps out with his hunting rifle and lines up a shot and just waits. I assume that Rhon notices that I’m not following him. 
SK: No, because we’re deep in conversation. 
ES: Yeah, we’re talking about...What, what? 
SK: Chocolate. 
ES: Yeah, chocolate. And your childhood house. 
SK: Oh yes. I’m giving you my backstory on Dak and I. 
ES: Yeah.
MM: Gannon, does the dot get closer? 
GR: It gets closer. 
MM: Let me know when I see the whites of their eyes. 
GR: You’re going to stay there until the helicopter is above you? 
BB: Zenith goes up to Dak and he says, 
Z: Dak, are you looking for something in particular? 
DR: Look, this helipcopter is clearly sent from fucking Big Marco. 
Z: Do you want to like reach out wirelessly and maybe—
DR: Can you do that? 
Z: I can try. 
DR: Yeah, can you also send Rhon a text message and let him know that we are no longer following him? 
Z: I actually already did that a while ato, just because it seemed like he kept going. And you know I think Tech Wiz is still just stuck in the cabin because he can’t get out of the door for some physical anatomical reason.
MM: What the hell? I look over. 
CT: Tech Wizard’s like breathing out the window like a dog in a hot car. 
Z: Where’s Max at right now? 
DDR: He’s in the cabin. 
GR: Oh yeah. Max is…fast asleep in the back of the cabin. He’s stress sleeping. 
CT: Up in the upper the upper deck or something? 
GR: Yeah, he’s in the upper deck. 
MM: He is wrapped up in a Dak Rambo beach towel, which there are only 10 have ever made. And they were supposed to make a lot more money than they did. Dak got conned out of a lot of money on those 10 beach towels. 
GR: You look back at the helicopter and it’s actually getting further away. It doesn’t seem to be following you. 
DR: Damn. 
BB: Can I roll a Matrix perception or something? 
GR: I guess, yea. You could roll a Matrix perception. 
BB: This, also for listeners, who heard our two episodes previous, Matrix perception not Z’s hot suit. Last time I did this, I think I got a critical glitch and alerted everybody within a 100 mile radius of our position. 
CT: Yeah, you pretty made the episode. It really set it up. We were about to roll—
GR: Yeah, actually to that point while you're looking at this helicopter, maybe you feel the same sort of anxiety Dak does, because you know you really fucked up a while ago. Like really bad. And nothing’s really happened. It’s like that silence that feels a little strange. You feel like something should have happened by now. 
BB: Yeah. 
GR So, this helicopter might be that thing. Are you guys still driving the motorcycle? 
SK: Mmm-hmm. 
GR: You see a drone flip behind some trees. 
P: Did you see that? 
R: Did I see what? I’m just looking at the road. What did you see? 
P: I saw a drone, and I think it’s following us. I’m going to put on my invisibility cloak. 
R: What?
P: I’m still here, but you're not going to see me, alright? 
R: Alright, Ifeel your presence and I feel your body and everything. 
P: Here I go. 
R: Okay. 
ES: I’ll just hug you. 
R: Ahh. 
ES: And then she puts her invisibility cloak. 
P: That drone, I’m pretty sure they’re following me, me specially. So, I don’t know, I don’t know what else to do . Now they know where you are. We can’t make you invisible. I wonder…
R: Do you want to pull over and go to the forest where I can make myself invisible? 
P: What? 
R: It’s a natural ability of all sasquatch. I become all squiggly to anybody looking at me. 
P: Let’s do it. 
R: alright. 
P: Here we go.
CT: I'd like to imagine there’s just a motorcycle just like two invisible figures on a motorcycle riding through the forest. Are you driving parallel to the road? 
SK: Yeah. 
GR: Hey, did you figure out that Matix perception there, Z? 
MM: Roll to look for local wifi signals. There’s like helicopter one.
CT: Oh, it’s not even protected. Nice. 
BB: Alright, I got four hits, which is my limit. 
GR: FOur hits. You can tell it’s a single person helicopter. It is currently carrying a medium machine gun on it. And it does seem to be pointed away from you. And it has a code name, it’s the code name on it is Ripper. 
BB: Can I tell what direction it is heading currently, I guess away from us or—
GR: Yeah, east. 
BB: Zenith real quick just repeats all that information out loud to everyone else. 
DDR: If it was Big Marco, it would’ve have been Big Marco’s Ripper or something like that. 
Z: It seemed like kind of an inexpensive unit, so maybe we don’t have to worry about it for now? 
DR: Hey, Tech? 
TW: Yeah? 
DR: There’s a helicopter. It’s named Ripper. Let’s roll.
BB: Did Rhon and Pox ever stop driving or are you guys still going forward? You guys are just —
GR: Do you guys get off the motorcycle and are you running into the woods now? What’s going on?
ES: Yeah. 
SK: We got off and we made, we covered the motorcycle in branches that I bent to make it look like a nest and we got back on the the motorcycle, and now we’re driving through the forest. 
ES: Yeah, we look like a giant tumbleweed. 
SK: Like some sort of forest tumbleweed? 
ES: Yeah. 
SK: ALright, let’s do it.
CT: It’s a bush. 
SK: It just looks like a bird’s nest. Doesn’t mean it’s right. 
CT: Going 65 miles an hour. 
SK: 105. 
ES: Travels super fast. 
MM: It’s like birds start landing in you guys. 
SK: Yeah, that’s fine. I’m friends with all God’s creatures.
BB: Zenith sends Pox a quick text, 
Z: “Hey, sorry about that. We tracked down a helicopter that might have been following us. Where are you guys?” 
ES: Pox sends a picture text of just what looks like a nest. 
CT: It’s a selfie but you don’t see them. 
ES: It’s a selfie, but you don’t see them.
BB: And Zenith turns tot Tech and goes, 
Z: I’m just going to look up her fucking location
TW: Yeah. 
MM: Is Max still asleep or is Max waking up? 
DR: There he is. 
M: Oh God. I’m not dead. 
DR: You’re not dead. You’re alive. You’re my sister’s kid and you’re so alive. 
M: Wow. 
DR: Max, we got a little bit of crumb cake left over from before we started recording this episode. If you want, it’s right there behind Tech. 
M: Oh wow. That sounds really good. The only thing I’ve just inhaled so much smoke, all I can really taste is smoke in my mouth, and it’s kind of gotten down in my stomach, and it’s giving me crazy heartburn. It’s just like not making me that hungry. I actually think I’m going to be sick. 
CT: Tech Wizard ball taps him that moment. 
TW: Fucking quit whining. I’ve got a headache.
DR: Hey, that’s my sister’s kid, alright? Don’t go ball tapping my sister’s kid. 
TW: I don’t feel shit. 
Z: Hey, what do you guys think about dropping Max off somewhere? 
DR: Look, Max is with us until we’re in Chicken Town and can drop him off with someone who will be a protective guardian. 
Z: The kid almost killed himself with a smoke grenade. 
DR: And that’s how you learn. You learn by failing. I’m sure Z over here didn’t hack the Internet successfully the first time you tried. 
Z: Actually, I did, but that’s another thing.
MM: Patreon listeners. 
GR: Yeah, hold I on. I got to say, do you remember the first time you hacked the Internet, Z? 
BB: No, no, no, no. Not at all. No, I think Z, the first Z hacked in the memory that he currently has, he already just knew how to do it. 
GR: You actually, when he refers to like memory, you feel a pang of guilt and you just think about the package in the back of the truck for some reason. 
BB: And I stare off in the middle distance for a second and kind of slowly look out the window and stop taking part in this conversation. 
CT: But you’re looking over in Tech’s direction, out that window. And he’s just looking at you like…
BB: Like Tech thinks he’s making eye contact. 
CT: Yeah, so he jukes at you.
BB: And Z’s just standing there like totally still. 
TW: Fucking take a picture. It’ll last longer. 
BB: And then he does.
TW: Fuck you! Fuck you, dude. 
MM: Dak is also watching all this happen. Not watching the road. He’s also looking at them, and then he looks back at Max and he goes, 
DR: Max, I’m super sorry about all that smoke, but it goes away after a while. Trust me. 
M: Oh, okay. 
DR: I’ve been there. 
M: That’s nice. Say, do you have anything to drink? I could just, I’m really thirsty right now. I’d sure like to wash this down. 
DR: Do you want tequila or do you….Wait a second, Max. How old are you? 
M: 33. 
BB: No way.
CT: wait a minute!
DR: Holy shit, Max. You’re 33 years old? 
Z: Dak, he’s not telling the truth. 
M: I think so.
DR: This sister’s kid of mine, I swear he’s 33 years old. 
BB: When Max said 33, immediately zapped Zenith right out of his little reverie for second. 
DR: Max, are actually 33 years old? You can be honest with me. 
Z: Let’s cut him open and count the rings. 
DR: Hey that’s a flashback.
Z: I’m just kidding.
M: That’s funny, Z. No, I’m not 33. I’m…
DR: How old are you, Max? Just out with it. Spit it out. Because if you’re under 18, I can only give you beer. 
M: 17. 
DR: Alright. Just take one of these beers…
BB: Which is legal in the year 2076. 
MM: It’s not legal in Dak’s car. But for a sister’s kid…
GR: Yeah, drinking and having open beer bottles in a moving vehicle actually is legal on the Ghost Highway. Might as well be. 
MM: We’re in Missouri currently in the present day. It is legal to drink with open containers. 
GR: Hell yeah. 
MM: We’re in the pocket dimension, and we're recording a episode like…
BB: You look out the window of our Xanadu truck. 
MM: I do the responsible thing and I just give Max a Neo Corona. 
M: Oh, man. Thanks. Mmm, this tastes good. 
DR: Were you about to say weird? 
M: Yeah. It tastes weird. 
DR: Tastes weird. It tastes weird but good, right? 
M: Yeah. I think I like the way it’s making me feel. 
Z: Man, I hope Max takes a nap soon.
GR: He dra...He fell asleep. 
DR: I tell you, that kid gets better every day. 
SK: While this has happened, Pox and I have pulled over and we felled a couple of trees in front of the road to stop any people coming by. And you’re about to hit it. 
MM: I’m like leaning back to look at sleeping Max and...
SK: Right.
GR: What kind of trees are we talking about? 
SK: Whatever the—
GR: Like little skinny ones?
SK: Both yeah. Little skinny ones. 
BB: I mean dude, do you want this guy to roll his strength. He could fucking knock you over. 
SK: Actually, I got a lot of stuff if you want to me too. Big ones. I’ll do that. 
GR: Yeah, do it. 
MM:: Kropa is flexing out of his shirt right now. 
ES: I got strength too, yeah? I’ll help you. 
SK: What am I rolling? 
BB: I think he has 12. 
GR: The guy’s just working good. 
SK: I have 12 strength. 
ES: Okay, it’s 12, okay? I have five.
MM: We have a fucked up tire too. 
ES: Five is good. 
SK: So, 12 strength, I can roll 12 die? 
BB: Yeah, against whatever trees roll to not get uprooted. 
MM: Why are you doing this? 
ES: Because we want to stop you. 
SK: Because we know someone’s following us with a drone. 
CT: What the hell’s it gonna stop us from?
BB: With a flying drone. 
ES: So, hence— 
MM: So, put some logs on the ground. 
SK: Right?
CT: Dude, no actually this does sound like something they would come up with. 
SK: Right. 
CT: This sounds like something that they think is a great idea. 
BB: Like a team plan. It sounds like Rhon and Pox free balling on the Interstate. 
MM: Guys, I read the game FAQ, and we should not do this. 
GR: How many hits? 
SK: Two. 
GR: Two hits. You got one smallish tree that fits over about a quarter of the freeway. 
SK: Great. 
GR: And about that time, Xanadu rolls up. Oh no. Actually, fuck. That might fuck up your car. The combination of having one fucked up wheel running over a full-sized tree. 
BB: You said smallish tree. 
SK: Right, but still—
GR: It’s a smallish tree, but it’s going right underneath—
MM: Gannon, for comedic effect I was not going to roo, but if this is going to have ramifications on Xanadu, then I’ll see you in court, bitch.
BB: Hey, that’s fair. 
CT: I rolled a four perception earlier and never acted on it. 
GR: Oh, honey. Okay. So, you want to do something? 
CT: So, did I see the tree? 
GR: Yeah, you saw the tree. 
CT: I fling it out of the way. 
GR: Oh, with your mind. 
CT: Yes. I’m looking at Dak like,
TW: Oh yeah, he’s going to get this. He’s going to turn around any minute…
MM: But he’s looking at Max. 
CT: But the thing is like, even though I’m so alpha right , I still respect my alpha prime. 
BB: Alpha prime. 
MM: Alpha prime sempai. 
CT: I’m like, 
TW: I’m not going to...Okay, fuck. 
CT: And right at that last second, he casts a...Let’s spend a long time finding out what force I fucking, I don’t know. It’s—
GR: No, no, no, Take your time, because I feel like I’ve got a lot of data dumping information about Chickenville that you would know that I haven't been able to get to you ahead of time. 
SK: Okay. 
GR: So, maybe I’ll just say all this stuff right now, and i—
SK: That’s fine. 
GR: And you can just repeat it back... 
SK: Great. 
GR: at some point. We want people who are like, “Hey, what’s up with Chickenville?” or we can just use this. Who cares? Okay, so Chickenville is the main hub for the Hot Doggers. Hot Doggers, they’re a lot like you. 1950s foul goofball gang, making—
SK: That’s where the bun is. Right we get it. 
GR: Yeah, right. They make their money doing basic sort of like rough them up jobs, bodyguarding. But the real way that they're making their buck recently moving some pretty heavy methamphetamine known as Crange and that’s kind of what’s received the ire of the other motorcyclists who are now on your butt and to kill you. There’s one guy above you. You’re one of the lieutenants of the Hot Dogs. There's a guy above, his name is Stinky Penis McMillan. 
CT: NeoScum, baby. 
MM: Pause for laugh. Pause for laugh.
GR: And he’s the head of the Hot Doggers. So, you guys, your main is in Chickenville or also known as Chicken Town. And it used to be a place where there were chickens, like it’s through the mid aughts, there were chickens and they would make a lot of chickens and there a big chicken producer when a lot of people were not making chickens, but eventually they kind of ran out of chickens. And when they ran out of chickens, they kind of ran out of propolerity. So, now it’s just a just a pretty junky town that’s home to vagabonds, drifters, grifters, creepozoids, go gangers, and some wharf rats because it’s right off of the Mississippi, which is also very polluted. 
BB: Are there any technocrusts? 
GR: Yeah, I mean wheerefer there’s crusts, there’s technocrusts. 
MM: Are there any neo weirdos? 
GR: There are definitely neo weirdos. For sure, neo weirdos. 
ES: How about deebs? 
GR: Deebs galore. 
CT: I have an aversion to funk monsters. 
GR: Funk monsters, well Ig ot some bad news for you, because there’s a pretty high amount of funk monsters. 
CT: Fuck. 
BB: What about cyber bison? 
GR: I mean that remains to be seen. 
SK: Electric trout? 
GR: Electric trout? That’s actually one of the Mississippi gangs. 
SK: Oh. 
GR: The electric trout. The Hot Doggers main base is inside of like a Chuck E. Cheese. Like 30 years ago, it was a very happening Chuck E. Cheese. And there’s all this backstory that you don’t know about that. I don’t know. Maybe it will come up, if it comes up. But all you need to know is like this junked up Chuck E. Cheese that has been completely abandoned, and you guys use that as your base. And it’s called Pizza Rat, because it’s got a bunch of the Chuck E. Cheese band, but they love pizza. You guys crossed out pizza on the sign and wrote Hot Dogs and now it says, “Hot Dog Rat.” But they’re still eating pizza on the inside. Oh, and I made up a symbol for you guys. 
SK: Oh wonderful. 
GR: This is the symbol of the Hot Doggers. See? It’s like a hot dog. 
SK: Oh yeah. That’s pretty cool. 
GR: So, let’s say that symbol is like all over the place. It’s the sign of the hot dog. 
SK And what are we selling? Crane? 
GR: Crange. 
SK: Crange. 
MM: Is that the little leaves that you stuffed up our nose or is that a different drug? 
GR: That would definitely not be Crange. Crange is a pretty synthetic form of a methamphetamine. 
SK and MM: That was a sasquatch drug. 
SK: Yep. I just keep it in one of my napkins. 
GR: And Pizza Rat, it also has kind of a western saloon thing. 
SK: Great. 
GR: Okay, what were you going to say, CT?
CT: I’ll say just thinking in terms of like if you saw something laying down like that, maybe picking up the whole thing at one point would be difficult, but lifting one end of it and tossing it aside would not be. So, what I’m saying is my fling might not necessarily lift this entire thing up and fly it through the air, but I could definitely grab one side of it, and fling off to the side. 
GR: is that what you are doing? 
TW: That’s what I’m doing. 
GR: Approved. Ting. This is, we're back in GM court. Your honor. Your honor. 
SK: Your Honor, I’m just a southern roleplayer. 
GR: I was going to say the same thing.
ES: I’m just a southern—
GR: Oh, that’s so funny, I’m just going to say the same thing. Isn’t that cool? When people do that? 
BB: No, we should get a line of you saying it. 
GR: Your Honor...stealing his joke? 
MM: We’re going to cut out Stephen's reggae line. 
BB: Stephen does a great delivery. Gannon can you get a line on that thing one?
GR: Your Honor, now I’m just a simple roleplayer. 
CT: I want to do a, force seven. 
MM: Wow, wait. Are you serious? 
ES: The look. The stern look in his eye. 
BB: That’s pretty high. 
GR: Yeah, sure. Sue for seven.
BB: 19 ones. 
CT: Three hits. 
GR: You’re flinging it away from the street, right? 
CT: Out of the way of the car—
BB: Into Pox and Rhon. 
GR: You aren’t seeing Pox and Rhon, also, because they are disguised. So, you guys will have to roll to make sure this tree does not hit you guys. 
SK: Great. 
MM: Why would you guys do this? Why would you do this? 
SK: We got to the something and I wanted to get back in the action. 
MM: Well, congrats. Our greatest enemy is ourselves.
GR: Okay, can you describe the flinging away? 
CT: The moment before Dak was staring back, Tech Wizard was trying to give his friend to be the king of the situation. And it doesn’t happen. And so, Tech Wizard raises his hand and says,
TW: I got you, fam.
CT: And flings the tip of it off to the side. 
BB: I would posit a good line for Tech Wizard when he got the tree out of the way would be, “Watch out for that wood.” 
CT: Oh Bad. 
BB: Because he’s rock hard at that point.
ES: Perfect. 
CT: That's really good. I should turn to you before my lines.
GR: So, you guys totally, “Oh we’re totally going to get this drone.” So you... Tree falls down
SK: Right, we park the nest motorcycle over in the woods, so that’s not in danger. We put the tree down and we’re thinking, 
R: You saw a drone, right? Somebody’s probably following that drone. 
P: Yeah. 
SK: He assumed a car passed Xanadu and that the car he sees in the distance is the car that is operating the drone. And so that’s what he’s trying to stop. We were just really excited. 
GR: At this point, you see Xanadu roaring towards you and, Woosh, all of a sudden, this big whole tree starts flinging at you, so you’re going to have to roll some sort of...So, in Shadowrun, cool thing about Shadowrun, is you’re always combining your...You take a skill and you combine it with an attribute. So, whatever you think you think would be the best way for you to avoid being hit by this tree that is flinging towards you at a rather fast spee—
CT: Your strength is already a huge roll, so if you can combine that with anything relevant. 
SK: Can I combine it with my long arms and I can catch it? 
GR: Long arms are for long bones. 
MM: Guns. 
SK: Oh, okay.
BB: That’s your shotgun skill. 
ES: He has like Spongebob arms. 
SK: I figured Sasquatch’s got long arms. 
MM: Stephen does have—
ES: Yeah, I see that. 
MM: Stephen has six dice for Sasquatch culture, and if we want to say that there's a log toss holiday. 
BB: Dude, honestly, just have him roll his strength. It’s 12. 
MM: I mean I’m waiting. 
CT: Your Honor. 
SK: Big for a Sasquatch. 
GR: Yeah, I like the idea of that. Let’s say you're a big caber tosser. I guess the Sasquatch’s kind of stole that from Scottish culture. I don’t know the history of Sasquatches. You probably don’t as much either, but yet you guys—
SK: But I mean it makes sense. 
GR: Yeah, caber, some...Okay. 
SK: So, then I’m rolling 18 die. 
GR: Let’s start with Pox. Pox, have you rolled yet? 
MM: This reminds of that scene in Neuromancer where the truck almost hits a tree and then the tree flies out of the way. And almost hits the other people. 
ES: I’m going to impersonate the tree’s mom, so it doesn’t hit me. 
SK: Oh no. 
ES: I’m kidding. 
MM: That’s straight out of Neuromancer. 
CT: I just want to say for the record, I got three drain. Not bad. 
ES: I’m going to jump out of the way by using agility and athletics. I got four hits. 
GR: Woosh. You feel the air of the tree. Right above your head as you do a little, what do you do? Like a little roll? 
ES: I do a one handed round off jump out of the way, and I don’t get hurt. 
GR: You avoid the tree.
CT: Seven. 
SK: 13.
GR: Nice! That’s so cool, although I was just thinking how funny it would be if you died right here.
CT: Oh no! It would be great. 
GR: And I got very excited at that. And I would love to kill you, but—
SK: Why thank you. 
GR: But that doesn’t happen, so it just, this 75 pound tree is flinging at you. 
SK: He has his spider eyes in the back the his head, so he sees that Pox has gotten away, so he’s just like, 
R: I’m glad my friend is safe. 
SK: And he sees this and he kind of catches on now that, oh, he can see it’s a Xanadu. He recognizes it. So, he sees it. He catches it and then uses it as a flag as if it was like the checkered flag at the end. 
ES: Yes. 
MM: Dak is so confused. Because he turns around and he sees that tree and then he sees it fling and then he sees it waved around. 
SK: You see it fling and then stop immediately and then have a very purposeful waving. 
DR: What in tarnation? 
GR: And then Max wakes up. 
M: I think I’m thirsty for some more beer. 
CT: Tech Wizard by the way, since he is invisible in the trees, Tech Wizard thinks he’s doing this with his Fling. And he’s like, 
TW: The power.
CT: And he thinks in that moment. He’s like, 
TW: I’m going to do more drugs all the time and…
BB: And Z hears him and looks at him and then just slowly loads back out at the road. 
MM: We come to a stop now because this was weird. And we open the windows. 
SK: And I have do my sasquatch call, because I can see the Xanadu. 
R: Chickaree, chicka chicka chicka churka ree. 
DR: Chickaree. Chicka chicka aree. It’s Dak Rambo. 
Z: Hey, guys. Where did Pox go? Is she still invisible? 
P: Psst. 
Z: Oh. 
DR: Oh my God She got in the car. 
Z: She’s in the car. 
DR: What the hell? Pox, were you here the whole time? 
P: No, I wasn’t. I was in the woods and we did some crazy stuff. 
DR: What happened? We were trying to get that helicopter—
P: Do you remember when we were by the pool and there was a drone up in the air. 
M: Hey, yeah. I remember seeing those drones. Yeah, I was there.
P: But that was you? 
BB: What impulse. 
GR: I guess you can go back and listen to episode five of NeoScum if you’re feeling behind.
M: What did I just say? Yeah, I was there. 
SK: Rhon walks up as this conversation is going on and puts his forearms in the window, looking in. Like he’s that tall, he’s right on the canopy. 
R: Alright, Dak. Let’s keep on the road and not leave each other behind or at least signal to me that you’re pulling over. We have very clear signals to each other. 
DR: Yeah, I know. I thought maybe one time we could go without a signal because maybe we jus…
Z: It does kind of seem like maybe if we all stick together as a group, we’ll make better group decisions going forward. 
DR: Anyway, we got to get to Chicken Town. Thank God we didn’t run over that whomping willow over there. We got, what? An hour and a half more to go? 
SK: And I can sit in the car with you. 
Z: I don’t think you’re going to fit in here with all four of us. 
R: Come one everybody. Let’s get in. 
DR: If you want, here’s what you can do. You can put your motorcycle and yourself in the trailer. There’s a little—
Z: Next to the frozen pod.
DR: Next to the frozen pod. We have a mysterious frozen pod. BT-dubs
TW: Don’t touch it. 
Z: Don’t touch it. 
DR: Tech just sounded real cool when he said that.
R: Yeah, how are you doing, brother? 
CT: Tech Wizard...
MM: You didn’t think the spotlight would be on you but...
SK: What the hell? You’re insane. 
CT: It just needs to be said is a little light-headed because to be fair, he has had an erection for the past two hours. And even when it’s a robo, it still uses his blood. 
BB: Wow. It’s a full… Why did you have to specify that? 
CT: It’s the fucking science. Look, I told you. If you want to know more, the extended universe will cover you. 
P: You look pale. 
SK: Rhon gives Tech Wizard a nut tap. 
TW: It’s just… Dink. 
R: Oh yeah. 
TW: Solid. 
R: I got modified bones too, brother.
TW: If there is some sort of way that like hypothetically we could fast forward to this fucking Chicken Town…
GR: Fast Forward to Chicken Town, aka Chickenville. Dilapidated buildings. Trees. More trees than you’ve seen before. And Chicken Town. All along the side of the MIssissippi River. 
BB:I’m assuming we left Max back at the tree, right?
GR: Max is still there. 
MM: Max is there. He’s still alive, Blair. You will never kill Max. Ladies. 
CT: Ohh. 
MM: Ladies and Gentlemen. 
CT: Gentlemen. 
MM: Welcome. Start your engines. You have entered the NeoScum interlude. Three, two, one. Zero, negative one, negative, two, negative three. 
BB: Welcome to the interlude. 
GR: Yes!
MM: Beep. 
GR: We’re here in the interlude. Oh it’s so nice because we got some things we want to chit chat about. 
MM: Hey, Gannon. WHat’s up, my man? 
GR: First and foremost...What Casey. You got your damn open? 
CT: No, I want you to talk, but I’m just transfixed by your frigging shirt. 
GR: Oh my God. That’s right becuse now I’m wearing a fucking NeoScum t-shirt. And it’s nice. And it feels good. And it looks great. 
CT: Does that mean we have merch? 
GR: We got merch. 
ES: Merch. 
BB: Hell yeah. 
MM: We got merch. 
ES: We have merch and it’s not just t-shirts. It’s t-shirts, tank tops, mugs, baby onesies, notebooks, mouse pads—
BB: Hoodies. 
ES: I don’t know if there's mousepads. 
BB: No, there are. 
ES: Oh there are? 
BB: They’re stickers you can put on mousepads at the very least. 
MM: There’s a laptop case. 
BB: And a phone case too. 
ES: And a phone case. You can do anything. 
BB: Honestly, I’m going to buy half of this stuff because yeah. 
CT: We have a phone case. 
MM: THere’s an old timey naval cannon. THat’s at my house, but you can’t buy that. 
ES: You might just made that. 
BB: You can get a full-sized semi-truck and order it and it looks exactly like Xanadu and it says NeoScum on the side. 
ES: And that only costs a billion dollars. 
GR: And everyone's inside of it. 
GR: All the characters are inside of it. They’re real. 
DR: Yes. 
GR: And I do want to say please, please, please will someone please buy the NeoScum onesie. Put it on your baby. Take a picture. Please send it to us. That would rock. You don’t have to, but it would just be cool. Don’t you want to be cool? 
BB: Also, if you got a fake toy gun, you can give your baby to hold while they have the onesie on. I feel that would be the most on brand. 
CT: Honestly, raise your baby to be a dirtbag. 
ES: Yeah, just do it. 
GR: D-I-R-T bag. Dirt bag. 
MM: Get another baby, have the gun held to its head and we’ll photoshop Beans onto that baby. 
ES: And will it be a bad ass baby? I love it.
MM: Baby truck. 
BB: Hey, we can’t get enough of kid on kid violence. 
ES: They don’t know what they’re doing. It’s past. 
MM: They’ll never remember this. 
GR: Ah, it’s the best. 
MM: #TheChumTickleTiwns. 
GR: #ChumTickleTwins. #RIPChumtickleTwins. The best characters in Dungeon Dome. 
BB: Thank you. 
M: It’s true. 
ES: Check.
BB: And that’s coming straight from Mike Migdall, one of the compass cats. 
M: The chum tickle twins were killed before their time. 
BB: Thank you. Also, we have another cool thing we’re going to start doing if we get any interest in it. If you ever have some questions you want to ask the NeoScum cast and their work appropriate….Honestly we’ll take anything, It doesn’t really have to be safe. 
CT: How we’re exactly going to do this I feel like is still up in the air. 
BB: No guarantees. 
CT: But if you have questions, send them to NeoScumpodcast@gmail.com if you want us to maybe answer your question on the show. 
MM: I just thought of a good question. Do we have anything cool coming on the way because we hit 100 iTunes reviews?
ES: Do we? 
GR: Do we? 
BB: Oh, I think we have a little special treat for our little special listeners. 
ES: And you know what it is? 
GR: Extra special for those who were children in the pre aughts era. 
BB: Let’s all say it together. 
MM,BB, CT,GR, and ES: NeoPets. 
GR: You love that. 
MM: N64. Donkey Kong. 
BB: That’s 64. 
CT: And here’s the crazy thing about this 100 reviews special gaiden episode is that it only is accessible if you review the show. There’s something about the technology. I’m not claiming to understand it, but if you want in on this episode, you have to review the show and that’s a fact. 
MM: Follow. 
ES: Fact. 
GR: You’re going to see it eventually pop up in your podcasts. And you can try to listen to it, but you won’t really be able to hear it unless you leave a review. 
ES: Because—
GR: I mean you’ll think you’re hearing it, but you’re not, so you might as well just leave review to make sure. 
BB: And remember, we said we were going to record the NeoPets episode if we got a hundred, but we’re not actually going to release it until we get 500 reviews.
MM: We’re going to release it then and if you want to listen to it in not midi form, you’re going to have to follow each and every one of us on Twitter as well as the NeoScum Twitter account. I’m looking at Twitter.com/BlairBritt. Twitter.com/CaseyToneyLovestoSail. 
BB: Blair hide the Brit. 
MM: On Twitter.com@Elein eats #. Swagger #. The real Gannon Reedy. #PresidentTrump. 
GR: That’s right. 
CT: You can find our actual Twitters as a, what, a list attached to NeoScum Twitter account. 
GR: In Hell!
BB: Or on the subreddit on that fancy little banner we got on the right. 
ES: Yeah, check out the subreddit. It’s fun. 
BB: r/NeoScum. All one word because never search Neo and Scum as two separate phrases, I swear to God. 
CT: Yeah don’t 
MM: Don’t do it. 
GR: It’s a dark time. 
ES: Don’t do it. 
GR: Dark time. 
BB: Dark time for our country. Dark time for NeoSpaceScum. 
ES: Yep, so no space. 
MM: Honestly, just stop listening to this podcast now. 
GR: Yeah, you should really go do something. 
MM: Or maybe you just listen to the rest of the episode. 
BB: But hug your—
ES: And then abandon us forever. 
BB: Call you mom though. For sure. 
GR: Call your mom. 
CT: Call your mom. 
MM: Call your mom. Tell your mom to say hi to your dad. 
BB: That’s the out. 
ES: I’m going to go. 
GR: Final announcement. I think I’d make some jokey statements about Sam Shepherd in this episode. Sorry to be sincere. He died. I like Sam Shepherd. He’s maybe my favorite playwright. Maybe that’s not a cool thing, because there’s like, “Oh I don’t like him.” This is not about cool. Sam Shepherd rules. His plays is about incest, people are interesting, which is nice for a place, so too sincere. Did not like that. 
CT: No. 
GR: But we’ll go with it. 
ES: Alright, P. 
CT: Guys, we love things. Let’s just give an I love you to the world, because isn't that what the world needs right now? 
ES: We love you. 
MM: Can we all say one thing we love real quick? 
CT: Raising Canes. 
ES: Pasta. 
CT: Yes. 
ES: I love pasta. 
GR: The new Sheer Mag album. 
BB: I love books, guys. 
MML: I love my brother Jacob. 
CT: Yeah, I love my family too. I feel bad because he said his brother Jacob. I though—
BB: Yeah, I mean I even said. 
ES: I said pasta. I could abandon pasta. I don’t need that. 
GR: I said the Niche Meg album. What kind of a fucking hipster am I? 
BB: Well, love isn't' real. Love is fake. Get back to this NeoScum episode and really soak in it. 
GR: Yeah, you dum dum. Get into it. 
MM: I sent my brother, but I actually love 69ing. 
GR: Your brother. He loves 69ing? 
MM: No, I don’t! Gannon that’s not true! I will fight you right now! Gannon stabbed me with a pen knife. 
ES: Ah, goodbye. 
CT: It’s literally just literally there was a pure bar of red. 
GR: Chicken Town, it’s an expanse, the outskirts, it’s these abandoned farms. And these tents and hovels just sort of plopped up here and there. Everywhere. As you get deeper into the town, you get more shambly blown apart buildings. Old well-to-do mansions. Things like that. But all in pretty bad shape. There’s no law enforcement. There’s no sanitation. There’s just these squatters and whatever civilization brought in by the Hot Doggers. You guys I assume would be going to the center of town to see, there's a couple of spots that might be of interest. There’s a place called Truck Time where you might be to get Xanadu fixed. 
MM: no, the thing is that Dak could probably fix Xanadu. 
GR: Oh, or you could fix it yourself. Yeah. 
MM: But he would need the equipment. 
R: Ah, we definitely have like repair stuff though. 
MM: I think we should pull up into the hangar of Pizza Rat, excuse me Hot Dog Rat. 
R: Yeah, it’s the Bun. 
MM: The Bun. 
GR: As you guys get closer to—
R: The Bun. 
GR: Yeah, roll me a perception check. 
SK: Okay. No hits. 
GR: Is that technically a glitch? 
BB: Yeah, right? 
GR: Yeah, okay. So, everything seems pretty cool. You start wondering about that drone. But you don’t see it. Everything's cool. So, the Pizza Rat, it looks like an old western-style saloon place, but way more kid friendly. Or at least that’s what it was built to be. Big sort of circular, not a lot of rough edges and lots of colors, although these colors have faded and the building is not looking its shiniest, but that’s kind of the vibe of Pizza Rat. There’s a big foofy rat with a cowboy hat and it says, “Pizza Rat.” And he says, “Humans Welcome.” Is what's saying. So, there’s like a makeshift hangar hanging off of Pizza Rat. And you can roll right on in there. There’s no one around, which seems cool to you. 
R: Alright, everybody saddle up. We can, if you want, that’s a ball pit. If you want to check that out. 
DR: Oh, I love the ball pit. 
GR: Not the ball pit. 
ES: Yeah, the ball put., 
DR: I think I’m probably going to work on old Xanadu, get that one tire replaced with one of the spares. You got a…?
R: What do you need? 
DR: A speaker? Can I plug my iPod into any speakers here or….? 
R: Sure. 
DR: I’ll just bump it off the sound system. Check this out. 
MM: He plays Black Hole Sun on really futuristic 2075 speakers. 
BB: And everybody is out of the car except for Max at this point probably, right? 
DR: Actually, you know what? Hey, Max. 
M: Yeah? 
DR: Max, you ever work on a car? 
M: Oh, no. 
DR: Alright, well you’re going to work on a car today. 
M: Okay. That’s cool. 
MM: So, Dak proceeds to try and instruct Max on how to change a wheel for an 18-wheeler big rig. 
BB: Would you say it resembles a father/son interaction in any way?
MM: Nah, it kind of resembles an uncle and his siter’s kid. 
M: This seems like a relationship that I haven't had growing up. 
DR: This seems like a weird thing for him to say. 
R: Hey, man. You can Cat’s Cradle? That’d be great. I’d love to hear that. 
DR: Yeah. Xanadu, play Cat’s Cradle. 
GR: Playing Cat’s Cradle. Cat’s in the cradle in the silver spoon. And I don’t...Wa, wa,wa, wa. Everybody, get with the sickness. Everybody get down with the sickness. 
MM: What the hell? I love it though. 
MM and GR: Wha, every down with the sickness. 
GR: And the silver spoons and the boys and the fathers and...
SK: Can I lead everybody in? 
GR: Yeah, yeah. 
So, you guys are going to stay outside and work on it or is it…? 
MM: Well, yeah. If that’s cool. 
SK That’s fine. 
GR: You know that it’s super fun in there. They got the rat band in the back and you guys have a technomancer who actually runs all the tech in the area and you can make these rats do whatever song you want and they’ll totally do it and the technology is pretty nuts. And they’ve got booze and they can hang out and you get in and like there’s not on around. Seems cool. You get a phone call. It’s your coms buzzing. There’s this big empty room for you guys to see. So, you’re walking through the saloon doors In the back, everything is very dark, which is bool. There’s a bunch of tables around, all empty. Some empty like logs of beer half drunk. Some syringes and stuff around. There's this gnarly stinky bad synthetic smell that’s coming from the edges of the building and vents and stuff like that. But you guys aren’t what it is. It’s Crange. They cook Crange in the basement. You see these robots in the back and they’re playing the song Move Ass Baby by the Stooges. Playing this rockabilly tune in the back. And it’s kind of spooky. It’s like a sparse tune. There’s no one behind the bar. Upstairs you see lights from arcade machines. But it’s rather dark. 
BB: I was going to flip on the AR display and just look around for like general Matrix devices. Because you said the robots are being controlled by some sort of Matrix-level thing. 
GR: You’re seeing like, the robos do their thing. You can see there’s a refrigerator for the beer in the back. 
BB: This place is wired though in a way that probably the last bar we were was not at all. 
GR: No, no, no. Everything, the lights are off. You can see that. There’s all these devices upstairs.
R: Oh, that’s mine. Hello? 
[GR voices Stinky Penis McMillan (SPM)]: Hey, it’s Stinky Penis McMillan. 
R: Hey, SPM. What’s going on? 
SPM: Hey, you’re in the building, right? 
R: Oh, hell yeah, brother. I’m in the building. You want me to open a beer for you? 
SPM: Yeah, I would like you to open a beer for me. 
R: Alright. 
SPM: Can you get that Dak Rambo guy in the building too? 
R: What? 
SPM: Can you get that Dak Rambo guy in the buil….You’re were the guy who knew Dak Rambo, right? 
R: Yeah, I know him. 
SPM: Yeah, can you get him in the building? 
R: Get him in the building? 
SPM: We’re having a surprise party. Yeah, we’re having a surprise party and we’re going to turn on all the lights and stuff. It’s actually—
R: For who? Who’s who? 
SPM: For you. 
R: You’re having a surprise party for me? You’re telling me the surprise right now? You just blew it, brother. That’s so, you’re so stupid. Now I know, don’t worry. I’ll act though. I’ll pretend. I’ll be like…..
SPM: I guess that was pretty stupid. 
R: Yeah, that’s weird. Come on. If you’re the leader. 
SPM: SP Mcmillan. 
R: Oh my God. You’re the leader. I got to tell everybody about this the next time we vote. 
SPM: Yeah, I guess that was pretty dumb of me. 
R: Yeah, that was real dumb. 
SPM: SP. 
R: Yeah, SPM, man. 
SPM: SPF. SP fucked.
R: Oh man. I’m going to use that later. I’m going to remember it. I love it. Yeah. 
SPM: I love you. 
SK: As I’m on the phone, I poke my head out the salon, the swinging door. Every time the doors swing open, there’s a person who goes, “Howdy.” 
GR: Yeah, it’s the pizza rat. 
SK: I swing the doors. 
R: Hey, Dak. You want to come to my surprise party? It’s happening now. 
DR: What? A surprise party? 
MM: Dak is covered in soot and Max has matching soot too. They both have soot. They both pop their head out. 
SK: Wait, I’m going to throw Dak my com, and I’m going to be like, 
R: You can be the person who brings me to the surprise party like it was the ruse. 
DR: Ha, ha. I don’t know what’s going on. 
MM: I grab the com. 
DR: Yello, this Dak Rambo. I heard there’s a little surprise party, huh? 
SPM: Oh yeah.. There’s a party. We’re having a party inside. It’s the sasquatch’s party. It’s a party for him. 
DR: Why didn’t…? I have a question. 
SPM: Yeah, sure. 
DR: Why wouldn’t you just tell us that there's a party if you’re here. 
SPM: There’s this for everyone.
DR: Why would you call us if...I’m working on my truck with my sister’s kid, Max. Do you want to talk to him? 
SPM: No. 
DR: Hey, Max. 
M: Oh hey. What’s going on? 
SPM: Uh, hello? 
M: Yeah, this is Max. 
SPM: Yeah, can you get me back to the other guy? 
M: You mean my d-d-d…
DR: I’m not your dad. 
SPM: Just say you can give the phone to the other guy. 
BB: Zenith is motioning for Dak to follow him into the restaurant and leave the phone with Max. 
CT: At this point, Tech Wizard, who is just all sorts of decisive and impulsive right now, has wandered into the basement of this place. 
GR: Oh, okay. So you’ve actually walked to the back of the room to the kitchen. 
CT: Yeah, I don’t like the feeling. 
GR: You’ve walked through the kitchen. There’s nothing really in the kitchen. 
BB: He’s following the scent. 
GR: So, you’re like pop open the door. Bad smell. Really bad smell. Really dark down there. 
TW: Smells like dick. 
GR: You say that to yourself. Then you smile in the way you’re smiling at me right now. It’s just very proud. And you walk down the stairs. Your hand brushes against...it’s very dark. But it smells really bad. But your hand brushes against a light switch. 
BB: Z and Pox are just playing video games right now. 
GR: Pox, all of a sudden...Oh actually, you guys are going to play video games, because that’s all up on the second floor. So, you guys are climbing the stairs to play video games and you’re like, “Oh my God, you’re about to get ambushed.” Let’s cut back to you. You flip on the light switch and there's a whole bunch of dead men in leather vests. There’s 16 men in leather vests all with bullet holes in their heads in a big old pile on the ground down here. And there’s also Crange being cooked at this very moment. Just like some weird drug stuff going on right now. 
CT: It’s just boiling over in the system or there are people? 
GR: No, there’s no on cooking it. There's just a big pile of dead bodies. 
CT: Tech Wizard sprints upstairs. 
GR: Okay. 
DR: Max, give me the damn phone. 
M: Oh, okay. 
GR: He gives you the phone. 
SK: Rhon has walked over to be next to Dak and he’s just like, 
R: You know, Stinky Penis is like an ironic name. It actually smells fantastic. 
DR: Well, he told me that there’s a surprise party for us. 
R: I know. He ruined it. He said to meet in here. 
DR: I don’t why he would tell us there’s a surprise party if it’s supposed to be a surprise. 
R: I know. That’s what I was saying. He’s like a dummy. 
ES: Pox and Z were halfway up the stairs and then I noticed, 
P: Holy shit. 
Z: What?
P: We’re about to get ambushed. 
Z: Oh, this one of those things? 
P: Yeah. 
Z: Oh shit. 
DR: Shit. 
P: Let’s go. 
ES: So they run. 
GR: Bam. Okay, so let’s say run up the stairs. Is there something you want to say? You are running up the stairs in a panic. 
CT: From the basement. Not in a panic. 
GR: Not in a panic. 
CT: Indecisive. 
GR: What are you doing? 
TW: Time to fuck, gentlemen. 
GR: Okay. 
CT: And Tech Wizard does an action video game slide. He is sprinting across the main floor. 
GR: You’re about up the stairs out of the kitchen right by the robo guys who are currently singing the song Move Ass Baby off of the compilation album of Stooges Rarity. Move Ass Baby. 
CT: Okay, what do they do, because I imagine it’s not like we’re doing turns but—
GR: Well, what they’re doing is really cool, actually. So, the base’s rat and the drums rat are not doing anything, but the guitar rat is just laying down a really mean groove. This nasty rockabilly Stooges don’t do me it mini rockabilly songs. This one is. But the guys who’s singing is doing straight up an Iggy Pop impression like, kind of like gyrating around and rubbing himself as he lip syncs along to Iggy Pop. And it’s spooky. It’s very spooky. And you see a table in front of you. Did you want to do a power slide underneath the table or something like that? 
CT: Yeah, yeah. 
GR: Because you say you yell, “It’s time to fuck.” 
CT: Yeah. 
BB: Time to fuck, gentlemen. 
GR: Alright, so it’s like -
CT: Yeah, so I do a slide and knock the table over into cover.
GR: Pointing towards where? 
CT: Towards the robots. 
GR: So, you have flipped the table around towards these rats, right? So, your back is now facing the swinging doors. 
CT: Yeah. 
MM: And we’re all by the door to the garage. 
GR: Yeah, you guys are right outside. 
CT: So, they must have heard me yell. 
GR: Yeah, so you say, “It’s time to fuck, gentlemen.” Everyone actually, I can say everyone heard it, which is why I’m saying, I have already rolled you into initiative. So, outside, from around a corner, a dude in all black with those Sam Fisher goggles again. Except the goggles are up so he can see you, is running around the corner with a grenade launcher. He’s going to shoot it right over at you guys. 
BB: I hope Max dies. God, I hope Max dies. 
MM: Max is not going to die, alright. 
CT: Max isn’t going to—
BB: Why? Because he’s your kid? 
CT: Sister’s kid. 
ES: He’s your godson? 
MM: That’s how he's not going to die because I’m going to protect my sister’s kid. 
CT: Ah, nuts. 
BB: Why don’t you just call him your nephew. You always say my sister’s kid. 
MM: He’s not. He’s not my nephew. 
ES: Because it’s not his sister. 
DR: He’s my sister’s kid.
GR: This guys fires them off. A grenade lands right between you, Max, and Rhon. And it’s sitting there. It does not go off yet, but it could go off pretty damn soon. So then popping up from behind an arcade system, a guy dressed in all black with these green goggles pulls an Ares Alpha out. 
BB: At least it’s not a grenade launcher. 
GR: And shoots at Pox.
ES: He shoots at Pox?
SK: He shoots at Pox. 
MM: He shoots at Pox. Interesting development. 
BB: Dear first listeners…
BB and ES: He shoots at Pox. 
ES: What else is new?
MM: It’s going to be cool when all of our characters die except for Stephen's character and then Stephen just has to continue the podcast with Gannon. 
SK: That’s fine. 
GR: Okay, so it’s an assault rifle and he’s firing just like a single fire at you. So, you do your agility and intuition.
ES: I got two hits. 
GR: Okay. Oh man, you might want to roll an edge or something. 
ES: Okay, I have one edge left, so I’ll do that. 
CT: If the GM’s saying it, yeah. 
ES: It’s an eight. 
GR: Eight. So this guy shoots you right in the upper torso and it goes right under your armor. You take eight physical damage. It really hurts. 
MM: And just know that in two physical damage that you will be permanently killed. 
BB: You’ll be unconscious. And then—
MM: If you die in the game, you die in real life.
GR: It’s very clear that these guys are a couple of notches above what you’ve normally been seeing. 
MM: Gannon, I’m afraid to ask, but what happens next? 
GR: Okay, what happens next is another dude pops up behind an arcade machine and takes a shot at Z. 
P: You can do it, Z. 
BB: How far away from the two of us are these two guys?
GR: A little further than I am to that wall. 
CT: Oh, so that’s pretty far. 
ES: They’re more like here. 
BB: They’re not in melee range. 
GR: They’re not in melee range. 
CT: Would say they’re but they’re right there in the corner? 
GR: Oh yeah. That’s perfect. 
TW: Alright, bitch. When’s my turn? 
GR: Not yet. 
BB: I got one hit, so I’m going to spend an edge. Okay, so now I have four hits. 
GR: You have four? 
BB: Yeah. 
GR: Forget about it. Dude pops up around the arcade. Thing goes, Pah! You go, “Psych bitch,” 
BB: Yeah, I say that. I look at him and I say, 
Z: Psych, bitch. 
BB: And then I look real apologetic about it.
GR: Great, that’s the end of his turn. Then, all of a sudden, from that same area, you hear the sound of a couple of arcade machine smashing. Bam, smash, bam, smash. And running through in whit athletic armor and a vibro sword is Kraenor. 
K: Come to Christ
CT: I feel so fucking betrayed that I have to do this right now. 
GR: Well, you guys did the voices for them. 
MM: I can do Kraenor. 
CT: No. 
MM: It’s me, Kraenor. Diddly dee! 
BB: I have a Kraenor as well. Uh, hi. It’s me. I’m Kraenor. 
GR: So, he’s charging at you two guys. He’s not close enough to actually attack you, so he’s sort of like mid movement running towards you guys. 
BB: This is all happening in super slo mo bullet time. 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: So, you were curious Stephen.
GR: Meanwhile...
BB: I’m watching the grenade fall on the ground. 
GR: while a fourth guy…
SK: I think it’s a prize. 
GR: runs through the swinging doors down here to take a shot at TW. 
ES: Gannon is a very nice boy and a very…
CT: Yeah, I beat it. 
ES: mean GM. 
BB: What did you just roll? 
CT: I got a four. 
GR: So, this dude’s like, fires a shot. How do you dodge it? 
CT: Tech Wizard just goes from a squat position and slides into a sitting position with his back against the table and the bullet right behind his head. He says, 
TW: Oh, you’re going to get it in a minute. 
GR: And now we’re going to actually go to Zenith, but Zenith right as soon as it’s your turn, you hear a very loud explosion from outside. 
CT: What? 
MM: Oh. 
BB” That—
GR: You’re going to have to roll body and armor and you’re going to have to roll body and armor. 
SK: Okay, I will be rolling 29 die. 
CT: Oh my God. Even Stephen, even you say die for...What the fuck is wrong with America? This is—
BB: Can we get a clean line of, “I will roll 29?” 
SK: I will roll 29 dice. 
MM: What does Max roll?
SK: I’m sorry. 
BB: What kind of t-shirt is Max wearing right now? 
MM: Body cliff armor. 
SK: As he gets ripped to shreds. 
GR: You know what? He’s taken the towel, the Dak Rambo towel and it’s tied around his neck like a cape. So, the back is Dak Rambo’s face. 
MM: That towel is—.
BB: And that’s going to be so cute when we find his body wearing the towel. 
MM: I didn’t mention this before, but the towel is made of mythril, which is in Shadowrun. It’s in Shadowrun. 
BB: and it confers nine armor to whoever the wearer is. 
GR: Oh my God. 
ES: Why are you saying, “Oh my God,” like we're in sad about what’s about to happen to us? 
CT: Yeah, when you fucking, I don’t what you’re thinking. 
ES: You murderer. 
MM: Shame on you, Gannon. 
SK: How many does it take? 
MM: I feel like Hillary right now, and this is the election. And it was stolen from me. We had it. 
BB: I love this so much!
MM: I had to cancel my fireworks show. 
SK: I have 29 dice in my hand. 
ES: He’s going to be the only one who lives of us all! This is how season two beings. Rhon. 
BB: Yeah, I’m ready to reroll another character at any moment. And we’ll just pay Will Kirkby for more character art. 
ES: Tell us now. 
MM: I spent an edge and then I got nine hits.
GR: Okay. 
SK: I have 12 hits right now. 
GR: 12 hits. 
SK: Let me know if I need to spend any…
MM: And let us know if Max needs to spend an edge. I’m just going to go ahead and say he burns an edge. 
ES: Alright, be Max. You were such a little deeb. 
SK: Woah. 
GR: Two hits. 
MM: We’re going to need to spend an edge. I’m going to spend another edge.
GR: So, he got two hits. 
BB: Dude’s dead. 
MM: Have some remorse. Max is the only innocent person here. 
GR: So, the grenade explodes in front of you guys. You take nine damage. You take, how much did you roll. 12? 
SK: I rolled 12. 
GR: You take six damage. Max takes 16 damage. You’re going to burn an edge or something so that he doesn’t die? 
SK: Yeah, burn—
MM: I burn one of Max’s edge.
BB: “This is what’s called not dead yet. Burn and edge in an instance in inevitable character death. Example: bullet to the brain, a live grenade in the butt. Burn one edge. Against all odds, the character survives. Effects of the attack still happen, the character just manages to keep himself breathing and alive despite the fact. 
GR: Popuum! We’ll take it from Dak Rambo’s perspective. You feel incredible pain and a screaming ring in your ears. You're hurting all over. There’s all these fragmentation of the grenade inside of you and when’s the last time you felt this bad? 
MM: Probably about a month ago. Two months ago. I got hit by a monster truck. I got hit by a monster truck. 
GR: I haven’t felt this bad since you got hit by a monster truck. So, you’re bleeding badly and very hurt. You can just barely come to your feet. You feel in your lap is a warm body. It’s Max and it looks like he took the brunt of the explosion. 
DR: Oh God. No. 
GR: in a pretty gnarly way. 
BB: Did he throw himself on the grenade? 
SK: Oh. 
MM: If he had done that, I feel like we would be rolling for less damage. 
GR: Unfortunately, I guess Max wasn’t smart enough to throw himself on top of that grenade. 
MM: Yeah, or he just…
BB: Or the human being who never seen a grenade run white. 
MM: He’s a real dum dum. 
BB: What an asshole. 
GR: Sorry, that was rude of me. Looks like…
MM: Max is a hero. 
GR: his left arm’s hanging by a thread and his left leg is also looking in pretty bad condition. But he’s still breathing somehow. You, Rhon, are also hurting really bad. You took six so you have four left. 
SK: No, I have six left. 
GR: You have six? Yeah, don’t take it, just a straight on grenade shot. Whatever. 
SK: So, I feel like I covered—
GR: You’re hurting. 
SK: Well, my, I have metal laced bones as well an armor long coat, so I feel like I had sense enough to close it up over myself before the explosion. 
GR: Great, well let’s take it over to Zenith, because it is your turn, Zenith. 
ES: Where did I get shot? On the right side or the left side? 
GR: Oh, that’s where your heart is. Let’s say it’s the right side. 
ES: Okay. Is left handed a thing that you have to have? Or right-handed? Is that a thing you have to choose? 
GR: I don’t know. What are you, Pox? Left- or right-handed? 
BB: It sounds like maybe this is the moment that you discovered that you’re left-handed. 
ES: I’m left-handed!
CT: I had that exact thing. 
SK: I definitely have left handed representation in pop culture. 
BB: So, I see this dude who just came in through the door that just took a shot at Tech Wizard, and Z decides to take down the single dude because he has a gun that can shoot a single person much better than three people. Z lines up a shot of his machine pistol and I’m going to go ahead and longburst that motherfucker. Zenith lines up a long burst and fires six bullets out of his right hand. Six. 
GR: Oh my God. 
BB: Oh shit. 
GR: That’s... Sorry. 
BB: This dude got a critical hit? 
GR: I forgot he just got a critical. 
BB: All hits. 
GR: All hits. 
BB: Dude, this guy dances. 
GR: It’s like he dodged a gentle leaf coming his way. No problem. That’s the end of your turn, right? 
BB: yeah. 
GR: Okay, Dak Ra—
BB: That’s all Z could do. 
GR: It’s Dak Rambo’s turn. 
MM: Dak is just hearing the ringing of the explosion that just happened and his vision is going in and out. It’s like dead silent for him because he can’t hear anything. And it goes black. He has vision again. He sees the smoke still coming off of where the bomb just went off. And he looks down at his chest because he feels the warm body of Max there. And he sees Max’s face. And Gannon, is Max still conscious or is he…? 
GR: He is breathing. You can feel faint breathing. 
MM: I feel his breath? 
GR: And it’s- It’s not good breathing. Bad kind of breathing. 
MM: It goes black again. When vision comes back it’s not of the garage that he’s in right now, he’s at a beach. And he’s there with a woman and that woman is holding a little baby sort of out by the waves, which are coming in and out of the beach. And it’s sunny out. And a seagull flies ahead. And the woman laughs and Dak’s laughing. Little baby’s giggling because he’s enjoying the sun. And you hear the woman say, “You like that, Max?” And Dak, in this memory, checks his phone. And he has a text message and in the message says, “We’re going to kill you tonight.” And he looks at his truck. And the memory stops. It goes black again. And then it comes back and Dak’s back in the hangar. And he sees this Sam Shepherd, Sam, what’s his name? 
CT: Sam Fisher. 
MM: Sam Fisher. Sam Shepherd is a…
ES: Playwright. 
MM: Playwright. But we did say Sam Shepherd one time. 
GR: We did say Sam Shepherd one time. Shout out, Sam Shepherd bury child up. 
MM: I did look Sam Shepherd up after that, and I was like, “Huh. This guy makes plays about dudes with night vision goggles?" 
GR: You know what? Actually, I think he would be a better playwright if he did. And I like Sam Shepherd. 
ES: Yes. 
MM: I guess theater isn’t lame then. Anyway, Dak sees this man and he knows that he has to kill this man because he cannot live with himself if Max dies. Because Max would just be one more person whose life was ruined by the taint of Rambo. In his horrible state, he reaches down, hand shaking, to his waistband where he keeps his Ares Predator V. He wishes he had his Marlin SS, which is a way bigger gun, but he didn’t think he’d need it. He just thought he had to fix a truck. He grabs his gun, hand shaking, and goes to fire a bullet right into the head of this man. I take a minus three, so I will roll two die, two dice. 
SK: God. Oh. 
BB: Casey’s crying right now. 
SK: O my God. 
CT: I’m not crying anymore. 
BB: You could burn and edge for a smackdown. 
MM: If I burn an edge, do I get four hits? 
BB: Automatically. 
MM: Looks like I got to burn another edge.
GR: You get two. So, two goes through. 
MM: And the damage for an Ares Predator V is one damage? I’m just kidding. It’s eight physical damage. 
GR: Eight, okay. So, you take out your gun. 
MM: It’s shaking all over. 
GR: It’s shaking all over the place. And then maybe you take a deep breath. Whatever this burning of an edge moment is and then you just go. Just imagine that anime gun bullet ripple, and the guy with his grenade launcher that he’s just fired and then all of a sudden he just takes a shot in the head. And then he sort of goes limp and collapses. 
MM: Dak exhales. 
GR: Next up, we got Tech Wizard. 
CT: Tech Wizard has taken in everything that’s gone on in this calamitous few seconds, and honestly, through everything he’s been though in the past couple of months with Dak Rambo and this new gang of NeoScum, he’s seen a lot of crazy shit, and he’s done a lot of crazy shit. But this has to be the most trying and most infuriating moment he’s ever experienced. Tech stands up. He says, 
TW: Oh, we’re playing with toys, huh? 
CT: And then he pulls out his crime cannon. Crime cannon is an oversized rocket launcher that he keeps under his robes. He points to the guy that came in the door and shot him earlier and he said, 
TW: I’m coming for you later. 
CT: And he turns around. He looks at the group of three men, the two Sam Shepherd types and....
BB: We could just say Tom Clancy, right? 
GR: I like the idea that they write incest plays on their off time. 
CT: And Kraenor, who is currently just taking his steps away from that group. They’re all bunched up in a corner and he says, 
TW: Alan wouldn’t have done this. 
CT: And he pulls the trigger, shooting a live fire-out-the-ass missile in the corner of this building, just out of range, out of blast radius of the two friends who are in the opposite corner. And right on on all of these guys. 
BB: Alan Thatcher comes up from behind and snaps Tech’s neck. 
CT: We can’t stand anymore betrayal. Don’t even joke about that. 
BB: I like this, because so far all of us have killed our own characters. 
ES: That’s true. 
CT: I love Kraenor. It’s a shame. I had hoped we’d have been able to talk. 
BB: Except for I killed Blintz. 
ES: Fucking hate Wa Sun, but she’s dead. 
GR: What is the crime cannon? Let me just—
CT: Yeah, it’s 16p. 
PP2: PP1? 
PP1: Oh, it’s me. PP1. 
MM: PP2? 
PP2: Yeah, PP? 
PP1: PP16? 
PP16: Are you’s in the blast radius for the grenade? 
PP2: Oh no, PP. 
Pp16: Help me, PPs. 
PP2: Oh no. 
PP1: PP16, drink some of my recovery milk.
PP2: Yeah, PP made it. 
PP1: Out of your nipples? 
PP2: Yes. 
GR: Okay, and this is, I feel like this is to see how well you’re hitting the general area, because it’s an explosive. 
CT: Two hits. I use a fucking edge, you bet your ass I use a goddamned edge. That’s four hits. 
GR: Rats. 
CT: I breathe deep, I spend another fucking edge. That’s five hits. At the three gentlemen in the corner, Gannon. 
GR: Okay. 
MM: Five hits at the three gentlemen in the corner.
GR: Oh. 
MM: Gannon, can NPCs ever spend edge? 
GR: Yeah, they can. But these guys are because they don’t have edge. Because they spent it jacking off last night. That’s why you don’t jack off before you fight. 
BB: Right. Tech Wizard, we keep telling you but you don’t, you keep doing it. 
GR: So, the Tech Wizard, you get down and your fire off, you want to describe firing that rocket launcher one more time? 
CT: Yeah. He looks at Kraenor and he says, 
TW: Alan Thatcher wouldn’t have done this. 
CT: And he pulls the trigger and the rocket flied out of the tip of this massive launcher and Kraenor in that moment is like, 
K: It is willed. It is willed!
GR: So, the projectile flies up and explodes right in the middle of them. Pox and Z see it just like, boom, huge smoke is bam. 
BB: Fire and smoke. 
GR: Smoke. 
MM: Fire and smoke. Water and dust. All we return to. I’m sorry. 
GR: I made up what Kraenor’s last name is. 
SK: Cosmo? 
GR: Not going to tell you. 
BB: Dukakis?
GR It’s Dukakis.
CT: Hey, Gannon? 
GR: Yeah. 
CT: It should be noted that as Tech Wizard says that and the rocket launches out of this, he flies, feet backwards, and slides across the floor. 
MM: Like a rag doll? 
CT: Like a rag doll. He’s not hurt. Just the recoil is so great that he couldn’t. 
GR: So, you’re like a lot closer to the guy who tried to shoot you now. 
MM: He bumps into that guy and kills him. 
ES: What’s that? 
MM: No, I’m—
GR: You’re a little closer. You did that, okay. So, Kaboom boom boom. It’s actually Pox’s turn now. So, the smoke is clearing and you’re seeing a bunch of disfigured and gnarled bodies in front of you. 
CT: And probably the sky outside. 
GR: And the sky outside. You see Kraenor gasping for breath. He’s alive but both of his legs were blown off. 
ES: But the other two guys are down? 
GR: There’s still one guy down here.
CT: Yeah, there’s, Tech throws you his blow gun. 
BB: It’s a complex action. 
CT: I’m just kidding. 
BB: Tech takes two more turns. 
CT: Yeah.
ES: The traitor is still alive and the other guys are dead? 
GR: Yeah, just their legs. 
TW: No, save him. Save him for me. 
P: Okay, so Pox looks over at Z. She looks down at Tech. She reaches into her pocket, pulls out a lollipop. Unwraps it. Opens her mouth. Puts the lollipop in. Smiles and blood just comes out of her mouth and she jumps off the bannister towards the guy on the ground and fucking whips him upwards, up his dick.
GR: Alright, you’re going to get a plus two from that, because you have a height advantage. 
ES: Get a good roll. I’m going to spend my last edge. I got six hits. 
GR: You slice that guy in half from dick to head. 
CT and BB: Oh my God. 
GR: You never used this weapon before, so maybe you aren’t familiar with it. You know it’s very strong. 
ES: Very strong. 
GR: It’s like the best, you know it’s great, but you just go, whoop. 
SK: Vivisect him? 
GR: And it’s like a hot knife through butter. Just. Guy feels nothing. Splat, splat. That is both sides of him. 
P: Try fucking that!
MM: Does it cut his dick in twain? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Bifurcate. It bifurcates him. 
GR: It bifurcates him. 
TW: I’m proud of you right now. 
GR: His dong. 
MM: His dong was just like completely straight? 
BB: Somehow she nailed exactly the angle. 
SK: It’s like when you make a cheese hot dog. 
BB:: Cut the dick right in half. 
MM: What’s that dong look like? 
ES: Split right in half. It was uncircumcised.
BB: Here’s a twist. He was an elf.
ES: Oh no. 
GR: Well, yeah because you can’t tell so maybe don’t look. 
SK: Just don’t look. 
ES: Not looking. I don’t know. 
BB: I hope you can’t tell what meta type he is based on the insides of his body. 
ES: Well his blood is blue, so…
GR: Okay, Rhon, You’re seeing there's the one guy that Dak shot. He’s twitching, trying to stand up straight, so he fell down and he’s trying to regain his strength. 
SK: So, there’s an explosion. I cover myself up. I feel like he rolled and so he’s on his knees holding himself. He looks up the last time. He also has a memory. The last time he saw flame like this, he was with Dak as well. And it’s when they accidentally set aflame their sasquatch home that killed a lot of people. 
GR: The cave. 
SK: Yeah, the cave. 
CT: Can you just go into that? 
SK: Yeah, as alluded to, there was a game when Dak and Rhon were little, just called firestick where they would light the end of a stick a little bit like make an ember. And they would just run around and it was tag, but with a brand essentially. 
MM: Dak was 14 years old.
SK And so they would run. So, there's these little, there’s still a little bit of a part on his back where hair won’t grow where Dak got him once good. It’s a really funny story. 
MM: And Dak has a tattoo of a dog clown that is over the brand mark where Rhon got him real good right on his tailbone. 
SK: And one time they couldn’t agree on who was going to be it, so they both grabbed onto the stick that had an ember on it and fought with it. And it came loose out of their hands. They don’t know who had it. It could have been Rhon’s. It could have been Dak’s. But it flung into the cave where the nursery was. And it just lit all the bedding on fire. And there were people sleeping in there. 
MM: I don’t want to hijack this flashback, but I want to say that we didn’t start the fires. An instrumental of that is playing. A soft instrumental. 
SK: Sure, but we don’t which of us started the fire, but one of us did. And that’s where we ran and that’s where Rhon found the love the road, because he ran away. And that was the first thing that saw he saw that made sense. So, he's seeing fire. He’s seeing Dak there. He’s seeing someone scramble. And he knows that guy caused it. So now he has all the blame and all the hatred that he has for himself and has for Dak as well. And he’s putting into that guy who’s writhing in pain in the distance. And he stands up and he has a shotgun that’s hidden below underneath his coat. He holds it with one hand and starts running. And he’s got a pretty long stride, because he’s a sasquatch. So, he makes it over there. And he looks over the guy and, does he have a helmet on or goggles or anything? 
GR: Yeah, he’s got goggles on. It’s not really a helmet. It’s just like this flap over the head. And armored flap. 
SK: So, he pulls off goggles. Do I recognize him? 
CT: Is it? 
GR: It’s Stinky Penis McMillan. 
ES: Stinky Penis McMillian. 
GR: Thank you Kylie Reedy for coming up with that name. Yeah, it’s Stinky Penis McMillan. 
SK: It is him? 
GR: Yeah, it is Stinky Penis. 
SK Rhon looks down. He goes, 
R: I’m beginning to think there’s no birthday party.
SK: And he puts the shotgun right at his jaw. 
SPM: Hey, you got it to ret... 
SK And then he goes, And he goes “Bang, bang.” And pulls the trigger. 
GR: Red paint. Just head off. Evaporated. Just splattered on the ground. 
SK: And he looks back and goes, 
R: I got him, Dak. 
MM: Dak coughs up blood and responds. 
DR: Cool. 
GR: So, we have a whole bunch of dead bodies around. I think the only living person is Kraenor and his two stumps. 
CT: Can Tech Wizard scramble over there? 
BB: Can Z get there first? 
GR: Yeah. Z’s closer. 
BB: I want to walk over and just hit him with a little stun hand. 
GR: Just to hurt him?
BB: Not like full on, just like I want to zap him a little bit. 
GR: Okay. He goes, 
K: Oh! What you don’t know is that I’m into that. 
Z: Look, dude. Chill out, okay? My buddy’s going to come talk to you, and if he doesn’t like what you say, we’re going to put you underwater. 
K: Put me underwater like the witches. Watch me sink and go to Christ. 
Z: What? 
K: I’ll come for you during Revelations. I will come back on a chariot.
Z: You don't have legs, man. 
K: I know. Fuck. It hurts. Oh fuck. 
Z; Here, sorry about all that zapping stuff. Here’s Tech Wizard. 
CT: Tech Wizard scrambles over and like flips Kraenor over and grabbing him by the lapels. He’s like,
TW: Is Alan with you? Is Alan with you? 
K: No. 
TW: Is he not with right now or is he not with you like with you guys? On your side? 
K: He’s not around at the moment. 
CT: Tech Wizard wants to kill him, but… 
GR: Let’s hear something for Kreanor to say. He looks at the Pox. He says, 
K: They told us not to kill her. But I wish I had. Sister, I wish I had. 
P: Oh yeah? 
K: I wish I had!
P: Oh yeah? 
ES: Pox stabs him in the face with the katana. 
GR: Okay. It takes a full one. 
CT: Can I say in that moment…
BB: You see Kraenor’s soul go up to Heaven. 
CT: You see there’s a light passing through the open hole where the roof has collapsed in from the explosion, and the way her katana is resting in the face of him, you see the shadow of it bounce against the wall from the light. And it looks like a cross on a hill. And then she pulls it out and flicks the blood I imagine or fucking do your cool thing. 
ES: Yeah, that's it.
GR: Shit. Goddamn. So, they’re dead. 
MM: Dak, he’s carried Max back into the cabin.
SK: Oh God. 
MM: And he’s got some bandages and stuff in there and Max just looks like swiss cheese at this moment, but Dak is wrapping him up in bandaids like a mummy while he’s crying. And he’s like, 
DR: No, you’re not dead. You’re going to be alright. 
SK: Rhon runs up right behind him. 
DR: You’re going to be alright, Max, my sister’s kid isn’t dead. My sister’s kid isn’t dead. 
SK: He goes, 
R: Hey, man. Hey, man. Hey. 
SK: And he, as he does that, he takes out other types of leaves and he starts licking them. 
MM: Dak remembers that. 
SK: And he puts them on his body and stuff like that. 
MM: Are you putting that on me? 
SK: I’m putting them on Dak’s body, yeah. 
DR: No, no, no. Put this on Max. 
R: Look. 
MM: He starts taking them and he’s rubbing them on Max. 
R: No use for...Come on brother. 
DR: What you think he’s dead? You think he’s dead? He’s not dead. Is there a doctor nearby? Is there a Hot Dogger doctor who’s not dead? 
R: I don’t think we can trust anybody anymore. 
DR: There’s no one in this fucking town who’s your friend? Who’s still alive and can bring this sweet sister’s boy back to life?
ES: I have five first aid. 
DR: Pox! Jesus Christ, you’re bleeding. 
P: I’m alright. Everything's going to be fine. 
ES: And she smiles wickedly at them. 
P: Anyway, I’ve got this first aid kit here. I can patch him up. 
TW: And, I feel like I still got a little energy for a heal or two to stabilize. 
Z: And I can look up if there’s any shops in the area. 
R: I know we have bandages and stuff in the basement. I’m going to go down to the basement where I know there’s stuff down there, Okay?
SK: And Rhon pushes past everybody and starts hauling ass down to the basement. 
TW: Oh, hey Rhon. Oh, no he’s gone. 
Z: Did you have something to tell him, Tech Wizard? 
TW: Yeah, but—
Z: You really looked like you were trying to get his attention as he ran off. 
TW: Yeah, he’s tough. He's got a long stride. 
MM: Dak has Max sitting in the driver’s seat and he’s holding his arms on the wheel and he’s like, 
DR: Look, you’re driving. You're driving. 
GR: Your arms keeps on coming loose like it’s ripping out by like a tendon. 
MM: Oh God. No. We’ll put that back on. 
R: Dak, Dak, can you come here for a minute? 
SK: And I’m at the door and I have the pads for you, but I call you over away from everybody. 
MM: And Dak knows it’s serious. 
BB: So, everyone follows him. 
MM: Yeah, we all walk over there. Yeah, Dak walks over there and looks at Rhon and he looks at the pack. 
R: Take these for your sister’s boy. 
SK: And I gave you six medi pads or whatever.
R: I think this is where we say goodbye. Brother, everybody I ever knew besides you, anybody I ever cared about is dead. Anybody I ever laughed with, anybody I shared a drink with, they all got one big one right in the head. 
DR: What are you saying, Rhon? You want us to leave? 
R: I’m saying—
DR: You’re afraid that we’re going to die? 
R: I’m saying I’m going to blow this whole goddamn thing up in the smoke. We’ve been making Crange, amn. We’ve been making Crange, and I can’t have that on my conscience anymore. 
DR: So what happens to Rhon? What happens to my—
R: Rhon goes up the same way the Crange is going up. In a purple flame. 
DR: Rhon, you still got a lot to live to live for. 
R: I got nothing to live for. But I got something to die for. 
DR: You got a human brother who used to be your little pet. You used to play the fire game in the mountains. 
R: Don’t bring up the fire game. That’s the most tragic of my memories. I could still hear the babies wail. 
DR: I know. Okay, the fire game was a bad…
BB: Z just texts real quick, 
Z: “Hey, man. Max is really losing a lot of blood in here.” 
R: Take those. Go to the edge of town. I know there’s, there might be a hospital or something. There might be somebody still operating there. 
DR: Rhon, don’t…
R: I’m going to do the best good I can. Take this stuff off the market. It’s heavy stuff and I don’t want anymore children’s lives on my hands. No more sasquatch babies. No more of your kids or maybe your sister’s kid. 
DR: Rhon, I can’t recommend what you’re about to do, but if you’re going into the darkness…
R: No, but you recommend dying, but you know, that’s what I got to do. 
DR: I want you to have this. 
MM: And Dak gives him his hand gun. His Ares Predator V that has blind science inscribed on it. 
DR: SOmething to remember me by. I hope it brings you more joy than it ever did me. 
R: This’ll certainly help me. My burn—
MM: His hand is also just way too right for the gun. 
R: I won’t have to suffer the flames like the others will. 
DR: Oh, you’re going to shoot yourself? 
R: I thought that’s why you gave me a gun?!
DR: No, I meant for you shoot a—
R: Do you understand what I’m going to do? 
DR: Yeah. 
R: I’m going to blow up the bun and I’m going to go down with it. 
DR: No, don’t. Rhon, don’t do that. I thought you were just going to kill a bunch of people. 
R: No, everybody’s dead down there. I’m going to take all this drug off the market. 
DR: Okay, but you don’t have to, you can blow it up remotely. 
R: No, I can’t.
DDR: Jesus Christ, Rhon. You can’t. 
R: I can’t blow it up remotely. That was something that we suggested but we never followed through with. Go to your boy. Go to your sister’s boy. I’m sorry. 
DR: He’s not my boy. He’s my sister’s boy. 
R: I know it. Go to your sister’s boy. I think you should drive away and look for that purple plume. And then maybe I’ll see you on a highway someday. And I hope you pick me up. 
DR: You know I will always pick you up. 
MM: And they hug. 
SK: They hug and Rhon goes and he’s at the basement door and he shuts the basement door. 
MM: Oh, and Dak opens the basement door. He’s goes, 
DR: Just in case you want to run out of here.
MM: And then he runs back to Max and starts putting the steroids on him. 
ES: And Pox says, 
P: Are we saying goodbye to Rhon? 
TW: Yeah, boy. 
SK: Between some of the pads, there is a chocolate bar filled with caramel. 
ES: And she picks it up and out of her pocket she takes a bird feather and she drops it on the ground. 
MM: And Dak, after having given some of these steroids ointments, just rubbed it all over Max and his fucked up arm. He looks like one of those kids at a Halloween party where they dress him up like a mummy with toilet paper. 
CT: Tech’s hands are glowing just trying to keep the wound sealed. 
MM: Z is goggling doctors. 
GR: Yeah, you’re seeing there’s a street doctor medical encampment about 30 miles from here. 
ES: Did my five first aid help him? 
GR: Oh, yeah. No, he’s stable. 
CT: We’re all were working on him during that same...
ES: Okay good. 
GR: You’re definitely stabilizing this guy. If you hit the road right now, you’ll probably be able to get there by the next mission. 
MM: Well, we hit the road. 
GR: Okay. 
MM: With a heavy heart. 
BB: Did you tell us Rhon’s whole thing?
MM: I said Rhon had something to do. 
Z: You guys think Rhon was just trying to blow us off, because we got his whole biker gang murdered because of people following us? 
TW: Shit, was that us? 
DR: Are you guys questioning Rhon’s character? 
TW: No. 
Z: No, I was just thinking what if—
P: I know Rhon. No man. 
MM: Dak looks back on more time. 
SK: And you hear a howl, this earth-shattering howl. But it’s a high pitched, it’s not like a wolf howl or anything. It’s like a screech, but it has a history to it. And it’s followed by a purple mushroom cloud. Boom. 
TW: Jesus. 
P: What was that? 
TW: I think we got to get out of here. Whatever caused that, I don’t want to be anywhere near. 
MM: Yeahk, Dak starts driving. 
GR: Okay, and as you’re driving away, let’s say you’re looking out the window. You’re looking out as you leave Chickentown, a town you’ve barely known at all. It’s crummy, it’s sad. But you know, maybe something about it kind of reminds you of something of the character of Rhon and maybe you’re thinking about him as Xanadu’s driving away. And then something catches your eye, you see in the distance. That helicopter again. But this time you notice something interesting about this helicopter. It’s green. And there’s a big green leaf painted on the side. And it peels off. And that leaf looks kind of like a certain leaf that’s tattooed on…
MM: Tom Nook from Animal Crossing. 
GR: Dak Rambo’s neck. It’s a big old weed leaf. And the helicopter peels off and flies away again.
ES: You guys! Everybody in here is a cunt. You’re all a bunch of cunts. Rest in peace, everybody. RIP. 
CT: That’s going to be the opening to an episode.

[EPISODEBREAK16]

ES: Character creation tools and management tools for NeoScum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information.
MM: So, daddy, what happens? 
GR Are we really starting? Are you ready? 
CT: Mm-hmm. 
GR: Okay, so right now, you guys are going over a bridge known as the Mark Twain Bridge. Below you, the lush Mississippi is rolling peacefully as if not to know what is happening on the inside of Xanadu. Cut to the inside of Xanadu. It’s white leather seats covered…
MM: Casey farted. 
CT: I worked really hard to get…
ES: It was the most innocent little- 
GR: Hole the fuck up. I went back to describe the seats just being covered in gore. You fucking…!
MM: Gannon, you just described what’s going to play before the episode starts. 
GR: I was trying to get it all set up like this going to be so great. Casey can’t…
ES: Casey just tooted. 
GR: What we do now is start now. There’s blood everywhere.... 
MM: Does anyone else have to fart? 
BB: I mean I do…
MM: It was a burp. It wasn’t a fart!
GR: Xanadu, going down the bridge. Mark Twain Bridge. It says, you know it says Mark Twain Bridge, because when you guys saw Mark Twain Bridge, although I’m sure you guys are hardly paying attention to your surroundings right now, except maybe the driver. Because, it is a high tense situation. Like I said, or maybe I’m saying it for the first time. The inside of Xanadu, it’s white leather seats covered in gore. Blood, we’ve got frigging Max Rambo done up like a, he looks like a mummy right now. Like a mummy…
MM: Not his last name.
GR: Last name? How is his name not Rambo? He’s your sister’s kid. 
MM: Yeah, guess what? She took her husband’s name.
GR: What’s Max’s last name? 
MM: It’s Epstein. But you know what? Sure. Call him Max Rambo. Let’s just roll. 
CT: That sounds so cool. 
GR: Okay, Max Epstein, right now he’s done up like a mummy. He barely made it out of the last encounter alive. Max Epstein barely made it out of the last encounter alive. His left arm and left are hanging on by a veritable thread. And his situation is unclear. You just know that he’s alive for right now and you guys are boogying to a hospital that Z pulled up on his little data device. I’ve talked enough. Want to take to the inside? 
Z: Guys, guys. Just listen to me, okay? I’m just saying cybernetic implants are not that bad, okay? If he loses an arm, we can always get him a robo arm, alright? 
TW: What’s he going to about his fucking essence, Z? How’s he going to cast…?
DR: He’s not a magic user.
TW: You don’t know that yet. 
Z: He doesn’t need essence. 
TW: He maybe hasn’t matured into it. 
DR: The boy is 17 years old. When did you find out about your powers? 
TW: Well, I was a late bloomer in everything but magic, so…
Z: Well, I’m just saying, maybe he shouldn’t be a magic...I mean you saw what he did with those smoke grenade, alright? What would he do with a fireball? 
TW: You know what? Honestly, we can talk about that once we frigging get some goddamn stitches, right? I can only sustain this heal for so long. 
DR: If it takes Max being a fucking tin can like Z, then I’m goign to call him Mr. Pepsi boy becuase this kid is going to survive one way or another. Also, my goddamn soul to keep this guy alive. 
Z: I respect the sentiment. Don’t really like the terminology. 
P: You’re going to be fine. You’re going to be fine. You’re going to be fine. 
DR: Sorry, tin can was hurtful. 
Z: Also, Pox, Dak, are you guys okay? 
DR: Ah, nah. 
P: Yeah, I’m just singing to Max. 
Z: No I mean like, you guys are pretty rough right now. 
P: Yeah, I’m not—
MM: Dak’s hands are shaking and the wheel is...There’s some corrective steering that happens with Xanadu because it’s a pretty nice truck. But if there wasn’t any corrective steering, Xanadu probably would have donuted or flipped over or some shit like that. He’s not doing well. 
TW: Look, guys. I don’t know how much we can do, but I think both Z and I are in okay shape if we can help in any way or do anything for you. 
Z: Yeah, if you want me to drive, I’ll drive. 
DR: No one wants you to drive. 
Z: Okay. Just want to put that out there. 
DR: Did someone say that? 
P: You know how to drive? 
Z: I mean I can probably drive a car that has corrective steering in it and all that. I think I could do a reasonable job at it. 
DR: You can drive when I’m dead. 
Z: Okay. Perfect. 
TW: Z, how far is this hospital? 
Z: Let me look it up. 
GR: It’s about 10 minutes away. Does anyone want to give a medical check on your boy, Max? 
MM: Do we want to say real quick…
ES: Here, I’ll put these in the middle. 
MM: that Max has his head in Pox’s lap, because that why you were singing to?
ES: Yeah. 
MM: I like that. 
BB: Here’s may be a good opportunity to talk about the usual sitting arrangement in Xanadu? 
CT: Yeah, it varies. Like last time I was in the back laying with a hat on my boner. 
BB: But there’s two rows to the front cabin, right? 
MM: I always imagine sort of like a big couch. Like we’re all just on a couch that’s got rocket boosters behind it just flying through the sky, ooh, with a chem trail behind that’s getting all the birds high.
BB: So, I do like the comfy couch and I like the social arrangement that that provides us; however, it lets less people shoot out of the windows than a two row set up. 
CT: We do have two rows. We’ve established that. 
ES: Everyone's got a window seat. 
MM: I imagine two couches. You’re laughing, but I imagine two couches. 
BB: I’m in. 
CT: And then the second couch—
ES: White leather couches. 
CT: The second white leather couch has a bunk bed above it, which is where Max was before. 
ES: That’s so cool. 
BB: Which is why we could ignore him, and it’s almost like he wasn’t in the truck for long portions at a time. 
MM: Yeah, there’s a lot of cool little gadgets and games up there if you want to...Look, if you’re up there, you’re probably jacking off, alright? There’s a lot of pleasure videos up there. There’s one sandbox-type futuristic video game. It’s like Breath of the Wild, but it’s R-rated. 
CT: During this description, Xanadu keeps veering off the left. 
MM: It’s R-rated. 
CT: And then like it auto-corrects. Goes back to the right. 
BB: Yeah, did we ever hear what the result of that roll was? 
ES: Nope. 
BB: Oh, okay. Perfect. 
ES: I got a one. 
MM: Max dies.
BB: He’s looking pretty good. 
ES: If I got...no never mind. I got one. 
GR: You do notice that he’s bleeding. He’s got bandages all over him, but there’s a lot of blood coming out of where the bandages are. Right now, it looks like the bandages are not doing the job keeping in. 
P: How far are we from the hospital? 
Z: We’re like 10 minutes out. 
P: Alright. Drive faster. 
MM: Dak turns off corrective steering and just starts hauling ass. 
TW: Dak, I think you know what button to push. 
DR: Brother, I’m going to need you to push that button for me. 
CT: Tech reaches over, looks Dak in the eye, and just palms the nut button. 
DR: Oh, I thought you were talking about my belly button. 
TW: Oh, did you want me to do that? 
DR: That’s my double nut button.
GR: Blue flame busts out of the back of Xanadul, creating a nice effect—
BB: That we’ve discussed earlier has no effect on the speed. 
GR: Doesn’t do anything but Xanadu drives onward. You pull through the warehouse district of Chicken Town, aka Chickenville, and come upon the location that was being pinged on Z’s mapsoft. Fucking maps on. So, this...What do I got here? 
Z: Take a right up here, Dak. 
GR: So, it’s a big old warehouse, what you’re seeing. There’s a sign and it says, “Hannibal Coop.” A sign on top of the sign that says, “Hannibal Coop” says, “IASSD,” which is, it’s the acronym for basically street doctors without borders type situation. 
MM: What does it stand for? I asked. 
GR: Does someone want to roll for street knowledge? 
MM: Sure.
GR: I asked.
ES: I asked.
CT: I asked. Hell yeah. 
MM: Let me see real—
ES: Casey asked. 
BB: IASSD? 
MM: I got four hits. 
GR: Okay. Stands for Independent American Socialized Street Doctors. 
ES: What did you roll for? 
MM: I rolled to know that A, it stands for whatever Gannon said. JK. JK. We pull in.
GR: You pull in. You see, this building looks like it, it looks a little janky. It looks like it’s repurposed to be a hospital type set up. So, you pull up and it’s quiet. You see there’s a sort of security patrol riding around behind you. They take a look at you guys, but, you know, you look pretty messed up. You look like guys who are going to hospital so they’re armored truck just keeps on moving. 
Z: Hey, guys, do you want to let and Tech go first and just figure out what’s going on in here before you guys jump out? 
MM: Dak picks up Max. Opens the door and just starts running in. 
DR: Man down. Man down. It’s my sister’s kid. Let me in!
GR: Okay, so you bust open the door? 
MM: Yeah. 
GR: Okay, so inside you see a waiting room. It’s again very janky. There’s fresh mud all over the floor. Red streaks, looks like some blood and stuff and there's a little administrative receptionist desk and there is a plucky blonde male sitting behind it making a weird looking smile. 
DR: You there. You old tootsie roll boy. I got my sister’s kid here and he ain’t doing well. He ain’t got much time left on this mortal coil, so you get him the best goddamned doctor you have in this bullshit establishment and then you treat me and my friends. 
BR: Ah, hello. Name please? 
DR: My name is Dak Rambo. 
BR: Okay. And the name of your guest? 
DR: This is Max Epstein. 
BR: A doctor will be with you when we are ready. We’re a little backed up right now, but we’ll get a doctor to you as soon as he can. 
GR: You hear the sound in the background. 
DR: Look, what’s the wait time? What’s my queue? 
BR: It’s a pretty heavy day right now. It might be an hour or two. 
DR: This kid does not have an hour or two. What’s it going to take to get in right fucking now? You want me to suck your dick? 
BR: No, no. No. 
DR: I will suck your dick right off your body.
BB: It’s at this moment that the rest of the cast catches up to Dak. 
P: Is this the most legitimate hospital that we’ve got nearby? 
Z: This was the closest one, okay? I don’t know if there’s another one. 
TW: What’s the holdup? Why are you still standing there?
DR: This kid won’t let me suck his dick so he could get a good doctor. 
TW: Listen, guy, what do I have to do to let you suck his dick? Do you want me to suck your dick? 
BR: Hey, hey. I can see it’s an extreme situation. Everyone looks like they’re hurting over here. Very backed up. 
Z: Well, some of us are feeling okay. 
BR: Okay. 
DR: You want to cum on my face? 
BR: No. No thank you sir. 
Z: Name your price, man. 
BR: By the way, if you think I’m surprised by someone asking to suck my dick to get in this hospital, buddy you ain’t been to many hospitals. 
DR: I’m not surprised. I know how this works. I want to suck your dick so my sister’s kid will live. 
CT: It’s 2076. Pretty standard. 
BR: Let me talk to one of the doctors, okay? 
DR: Okay. Whatever. 
BR: Here, some bandages. 
GR: He puts the bandages up on the table. 
BR: Okay, bye now. 
GR: And he walks out. 
Z: I like we didn’t already put a billion goddamned bandages all over Max. 
DR: Tech, go behind the counter. See if there’s anything you can steal. Fuck this place. 
TW: Got it. Should I change some documents? Z what do I do? 
Z: Okay, you want me to instruct you on how to hack the computer?
TW: Quick, Z. We don’t have time. 
Z: Or do you want me to just do it? 
P: No, put our name first on the list. 
TW: Z, if I don’t do it, I’ll never learn. My self-efficacy for this is really, really low. 
Z: I don’t think it’s a worthwhile investment for me to teach you how to do some of the things I do. 
TW: Z, we are burning through time here! 
Z: I’m going to hack the computer wirelessly. 
ES: Meanwhile, Pox has been rewrapping Max’s bandages and trying to tend to him as best as she can. 
GR: Okay. Can you give me a...oh and be sure to take off your wound modifiers? I think it’s minus two for you at this point. This is a standard little med kit roll. 
BB: Yeah, was there a list they put us on? Like a paper list or did they put us into the computer, just out of curiosity? 
MM: I don’t think he did either. 
GR: He was just typing on a computer when he was talking. 
ES: Two hits. 
GR: Two hits. You sure put those bandaids on him. He’s steadying. 
P: There you go, buddy. 
GR: As you remove the bandages, it is, I mean look, I’m trying to be too gross for some of our more light-eared listeners, but it’s real bad. His breathing is... Few and far between. 
MM: Can we see bones? 
ES: That was my question. 
GR: Oh yeah. It’s grisly. It’s grisly under there. I mean it looks like his left arm, left leg not going to make it. 
CT: It should be noted that Tech Wizard’s beta inhibitors have worn off or are starting to really fade out and the alpha mentality that had possessed him for the past few hours has gone away and he’s really starting to have a hard time dealing with this. He doesn’t do well with blood. And he doesn’t do well in high stress situations. 
TW: Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck. 
MM: Gannon, are there any other patients in the waiting room? 
GR: There’s one woman. Orc lady. She’s sitting down, she’s wearing a pink mumu. 
MM: Does she look like she’s okay? 
GR: She’s got an uncomfortable look on her face. 
MM: Okay. Just wondering about her. If she’s also dying, I would feel bad. 
GR: You hear some yells behind the door. 
CT: Tech Wizard gets out from behind the counter. 
P: Do you think it’s worth us just going back there? I mean the guy’s gone. We can just walk back there. 
TW: But we still need a doctor. 
Z: But we need a medical professional to help us. 
P: And they’re back there, so…
DR: He’s talking to them. I offered to suck his dick and…
P: And he walked away. 
TW: Pox, I—
DR: He walked away to go talk. 
TW: I know the health wars—
Z: What if we just calm down for one second. How long do we think Max has? Pox? 
P: 15 minutes maybe. 
DR: Oh shit. 
MM: Eleni just looks off into the distance after making up that number. 
BB: Did Gannon nod when you looked at him? 
ES: He smiled like, “Yeah.” 
MM: Like yeah or like, “Oh, that’s cute.” 
GR: I’ll say I’m not making any comment about Eleni’s speculation, I’m sorry, Pox’s speculation. That is a speculation Pox has made based off of the information that I have given her, so if what I have given makes her believe it’s 15 minutes, that is her fair assessment. 
Z: So, really the question here is do we wait for someone to come out and do a little bit of triage? 
P: No. 
Z: Or do we put a gun in someone’s face and force them to do something? 
TW: Look, guys, I don’t how healthcare works across the pond, but you can’t just force a doctor to reattach an arm and a leg. 
Z: But what if we force a doctor to pay attention to our dude over somebody else? I think we could probably pull that off. 
DR: I got another thing of Dak fuel under my seat back in Xanadu. We could load him with some of that. 
TW: If it wears off, I mean hypothetically, if there was some sort of science behind it if he rolled poorly. 
DR: Oh there's a science. 
TW: Okay, if he rolled poorly, then his heart would stop the moment that wears off. 
P: He doesn’t ever roll, does he?
TW: You get what I’m trying to say. 
GR: Z, did you roll to hack into this computer? 
BB: I can do that right now. 
MM: Thank God. Please. 
ES: Ready this entire time. 
MM: Blair just dropped his hot dog that was eating on the ground and some juice squirted in my eye. It burns. 
BB: I just rolled four hits. Hack on the fly. 
GR: You got a mark, so you can access the system in some regard if you want. 
BB: What are the files I see on the computers that I can…?
GR: Can you give me a Matrix perception? 
BB: Yeah. 
GR: So, now you’re entering the Matrix. What is your Matrix guy look like? 
BB: Like a white genie more or less. 
GR: This white genie—
BB: Like burned out black eyes. 
GR: So this is like Goku style flying through a bunch of purple grids and squares. And he flies past these 90s style rendered 3D letters. IASSD. All the letters spin around and he flies past them. And he’s not looking at the database, so let’s see that Matrix perception. 
BB: Four hits. 
GR: Four hits. Okay. You’re seeing that right now, on staff, they’re extremely understaffed. You only see three, two, maybe three doctors on the floor. And it looks like they are dealing with, just from glancing, over 20 very badly wounded folks from a nearby shanty town. Looks like you’re seeing the word “wyrm” and you’re seeing lots of descriptions of burns and mangled body parts. So, these guys are pretty messed up and, oh, they also have some drones on the floor, but it’s just all hands are on deck right now trying to help these guys out. As you're floating around there, you hear a voice that goes,
M: Oh hey. What’s going on over there? 
BB: Wait, in the Matrix? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Okay, I turn around and look at whatever that, the fuck that was. 
GR: You see it’s Max. He’s floating around in Tron armor. 
M: Hey, what’s happening? 
Z: Max, is that you? 
M: Yeah, hey. I was hoping someone would be online so we could chat. You know, what a day, huh? Hey, how’s it going out there? I can’t really see that much. 
Z: What the fuck is happening? How are you in here right now? You’re not even jacked in?
M: I’m just using brain Internet.
Z: You’ve logged in? 
M: Yeah, you know it’s like I don’t like using it unless I can’t use my com, but here I am using brain Internet. 
Z: Do you know how fucked up your body is right now? 
M: Why don’t you tell me.
Z: I, honestly…
M: It really hurt really bad. The last thing I remember…
BB: Are there any cameras in the hospital thing? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: I grab one of the feeds from it and pull it up in front of him, and then I zoom in super close on his body and I go, 
Z: This is you right now, buddy. 
M: Oh shit! 
BB: And then I take it away. 
M: Oh my God. I was hoping that wasn’t me. I saw you guys come in. I was like, “Hey, who ordered the pepperoni pizza with no cheese.” 
Z: Oh my God. Max, look, I need you to calm down, okay? You’re going to get out of this fine, but I got to go talk to the other guys, okay? 
M: Okay. 
Z: You got my Matrix code though, so send me a message if you’re feeling weird or anything. I’m honestly surprised you were even conscious right now. 
M: Yeah, I don’t think I am. Just brain Internet seems to be the only thing that’s working for me. 
Z: Okay, you want to hop on my deck? 
M: Yeah, I’ll get on that deck. 
Z: Yeah, you want to hop in? You want to hop in here? 
M: Yeah. 
GR: So, Max in his Tron armor bounces over and slides into your deck. He’s in your deck now. 
BB: Now that he’s in my system, I, 
Z: Max, how, you know anything about flying drones? 
M: No. 
Z: Have you ever flown a drone before? 
M: No. 
Z: Oh God. Okay, I have an idea, but I’m going to check with the other guys first, okay? 
M: Okay. 
Z: You sit tight. I’ll be right back. You can see everything I see in here. Everything I hear now though. 
M: Okay, I guess I’ll shoot you a text if anything’s up. 
Z: Okay, yeah. 
MM: Right before you come back into the material world, Dak is telling Tech and Pox that the time for waiting is over. Fuck it. 
DR: I’m going in there. 
MM: And he grabs his gun out and he’s getting ready to march into the operating room right as Z comes back to life. 
BB: And Z, as he does, puts his hand on the gun and just goes, 
Z: Wait, wait, wait. I have some info. Max is in the Matrix right now. 
P: What? 
TW: What? 
DR: You found his Myspace page? 
Z: No, he’s logged into the Matrix right now. Apparently, he has a cyber deck like me. 
DR: Max is right here. Max is about to fucking die in 14 minutes. 
TW: You got to delete his browser history. If he dies in the…
Z: I’ll do that. Okay, I swear. He’s piggybacking right now though. 
P: Let’s not think of that. 
TW: Dude, that is, I don’t know what piggybacking is, but that’s the kind of stuff you got to delete from his browser history. 
DR: Yeah, it’ s true. That’s the kind of stuff that Dak’s sister’s kid looks at. That’s my sister’s kid. Hell yeah. 
Z: No, he’s piggybacking on my system. 
DR: That’s nasty. 
Z: He can see. I know. 
P: Wait, he can see us? 
Z: Yeah. Wave to him. 
P: Hello, Max. Hello. 
TW: Wave where? 
DR: Wave where? 
Z: He can see through my eye. 
P: Hi. 
TW: What? 
MM: I’m waving at Max’s corpse. 
Z: He’s hooked up to me. 
CT: Tech grabs both sides of your face and looks super close. 
Z: Stop, stop, stop. I don’t know if he’s fine, but somehow his conscious brain is floating around in the Matrix and he sounds great. 
DR: That would be a miracle if that were true. And, Z, this is really a bad time to do a prank. 
Z: It’s not a prank. I swear to God. 
GR: The boyish boy comes back. 
BR: Hey, fellas.
DR: What’s the verdict, shrimp dick? 
BR: So, they’re a little busy back there. One of the doctors wanted to know if any of you were medically inclined? 
P: Yeah. 
BR: We have a syringe. 
GR: He puts a syringe of red fluid on the table. 
BR: He says that if the client is bleeding badly, not client, the patient. Sorry. I came from a corporate medicine place before this. Anyway, if the patient’s bleeding really badly, you can shoot him in the ephemeral artery. I don’t know. 
P: The aorta? 
BR: The aorta. I totally failed. 
Z: That’s in the heart. 
BR: Look, I’m an intern. 
DR: Oh boy. I was going to suck an intern’s dick? 
BR: Yeah, so you want to shoot him…? 
P: In the aorta? 
BR: In the aorta. 
Z: With a carotid artery? Is that what we’re talking about? 
BR: I don’t know. 
DR: We talking about the main vein? 
BR: I went to school for performing arts. 
Z: Fair enough. 
BR: So, just shoot him with that and it will slow the bleeding down. 
TW: Hey, guys. I’m getting some urges looking at this needle right now, so can we please empty it into this kid’s neck? 
P: Yes. 
DR: Pox. 
GR: So you shoot it into his neck? Feels okay. I don’t know. You’re not super confident, but you shoot it in and it seems to have made some impact. The guy behind the counter says, 
BR: Doctor’s going to try and get to you in about 30 minutes? 
Z: You guys got a bed we can lay him down in at least? 
BR: We’ve these couches over here. 
P: I think we want to leave his body parts as close together as possible. 
DR: Ah, yeah. Make him a ball. 
P: Yeah, let’s roll him up in a ball.
Z: Hey, man. I’ve got a question though. Was there a dragon attack? 
BR: Oh, did you hear about that? 
Z: What the fuck happened? 
TW: Wait, what? 
BR: Yeah, a drake. Apparently, a town a little bit over, oh it wasn’t even a town. It was just like an enclave, sort of like a scattered settlement. Super heroic story. This drake came in and just ravaged the settlement. This one guy, he’s a really cool guy. He’s back there right now. He’s got a nice beard. He heroically just drove all these guys out of this darn town in this big old bus. Brought them all up here. He’s going to save some lives. 
DR: Does he have a truck? 
BR: He has a bus. 
TW: Oh, okay. 
Z: You guys want to talk to Max for a second? 
P: How? 
Z: Give me one sec. 
BB: Z jumps back into his own deck. 
Z: Max. 
M: Hey. 
Z: Man, I really don’t want to do this, but I’m going to let you fly my ocular drone. 
M: Woah, okay.
Z: Okay, but this is not a toy, okay? This is not a fucking toy. This is my eye. If you lose this, if you fly off into space or something? I’m going to be really mad, okay? 
M: Got it. 
Z: And I’m going to have override control, so the second you start doing any mucking around bullshit, I’m going to yank you back. You understand me, Max? 
M: Got it. 
Z: Even if you are my friend’s sister’s kid. 
M: Okay. 
Z: Giving controls over to you. 
BB: And then I zip back out. 
CT: This is great.
GR: Okay, he pops out of your eye and starts zipping around.
DR: Z, quit dicking around with your toy. 
Z: Okay, that’s not me. I gave Max control over the ocular drone. 
TW: Max? 
GR: And it zips up. Takes a look and goes like. Little wave.
DR: Max, are you in there? 
GR: Zips over to you. Gives another wave with the eyeball. 
DR: Come here, Max. 
Z: Okay, don’t get gross with it, okay? That’s still my eye. 
DR: Come here. I’m giving your eye a hug.
Z: Alright. 
DR: This is a hug to a sister’s kid though a friend’s metallic orb eye. Can I give it a hug? Can I roll for hug? 
GR: Yeah. 
TW: Just watch out for the puss. And the different eye fluid. 
P: What pus? 
Z: What? There’s no eye fluid on it. It’s in a fucking socket in my head. 
DR: This is cannon. Z’s got a bunch of pus. You’re scooping out of his eye like the Teen Choice Awards. Slime coming out. 
ES: Whenever he’s been flying his ocular drone’s just been dripping with pus. 
BB: The sound that Z’s eye makes when it leaves his head is - And then a bunch of slime squirts out.
MM: Z’s inner eye is coated with pimples. 
ES: Oh no.
DR: That was one of Z’s eye pimples.
ES: He spit all over his computer. 
CT: I got a huge puddle of spit on my fucking keyboard. 
ES: There’s a puddle of spit on his computer. 
MM: This is why we have spit guards. 
ES: It’s like Z’s pus. 
MM: This is why we have spit guards. 
CT: This is why we have spit guards.
TW: Jesus Christ, let me clean this up before…
ES: It’s all over the screen and keyboard. 
CT: Okay, hold on. For real, let’s take a break real quick. 
MM: Does Dak successfully hug Max? 
GR: He hugs the eyeball. 
ES: Oh. 
BB: Also, Z reaches into his back pocket and pulls out the eye patch he was wearing as Skull Kid and puts it over his face, so that way it covers up his empty eye socket. 
MM: You threw that away. 
BB: Did I?
MM: But Dak picked it up. 
BB: And gave it back to me and we never talked about it. 
MM: Dak is wearing it.
BB: Did I throw it away? 
ES: Yes you did. 
MM: You did and you made a big point about how you were too good for the eyepatch now. 
BB: Okay, instead he takes a bandage and he wraps it around his head and it covers up the empty eye socket. 
DR: Z, do you want this eye patch back? I picked it up. 
BB: No, I’m too good for it.
MM: And then one of his pimples explodes in his eye and it shoots through the disgusting bandaid. 
ES: Pox says, 
P: Max? Max? High five, dude. 
GR: He bumps into your hand. 
TW: Oh, he’s still got good spirits. 
DR: He’s so brave. He really is my sister’s kid. 
P: Why say it like that? 
DR: Because she’s brave. Not like…
P: You’re brave. 
Z: Yeah, you’re brave too, man. Honestly, you’re probably way braver than whoever your sister is. 
DR: You don’t know the shit I’ve done. 
TW: Listen, man, you’ve done nothing compared to your older brother and you took care of your little brother after he got hit in the head with that rock. And don’t let anybody ever tell you you’re not the best damn Rambo there is. 
DR: If we didn’t run away from Little Marco, Max wouldn’t have been roped into this shit. If we had just faced the music...But here we are, going on a vacation when the world’s falling down. My sister’s kid is the one who paid the price. And now he’s a goddamn R2D3 flying around. 
P: You don’t know. 
DR: Max is going to die. 
P: Hey!
Z: Okay, he can hear and see everything that you’re saying. 
DR: Are you kidding me? I thought he couldn't hear shit. 
Z: No, he can hear everything. 
DR: I thought you could just fly around and see...Max, you’re going to live, buddy. Look at me. 
GR: The eyeball is like shaking. 
DR: No, no, no, Max. That was an adult joke. It was a shadowrunner joke. Dak’s going to die. Look at me. Look at my bleeding body. We all do it. It’s great. I’m going to be fine. 
P: Guys, I can’t feel my arm. 
Z: Yeah, I feel like you guys should get some basic first aid. You guys can use these bandages, right? You guys just need to recover a few points of health? 
P: Nah. 
DR: How about this? I’ll trade the bandaid that’s one your eye for this eyepatch. 
Z: You know what? I’m going to have to keep it right here. I’m too good for the eyepatch. 
TW: Don’t be…
DR: DOn’t be too proud. 
TW: Don’t be too proud. 
DR: I’m a coward. You’re too proud. He doesn’t have a brain. And she don’t have a heart. 
P: What? 
TW: Hey!
P: I’ve been saving your sister’s kid with my... 
DR: You’re clearly Dorothy. I’m sorry. 
GR: A human doctor with a bald head and black wiry beard walks through the door. His smock is covered in blood. 
DB: I’m sorry I haven't had a chance to clean this off. Is this Dak Rambo and party? 
Z: And Co., yeah. 
DR: Yeah, they all got names. 
DB: Okay, I’m going to have to check you guys up out here, because we’re a little busy in there. I’ll do this as fast as I can. 
TW: Jesus. 
Z: So, don’t worry about these two. Little man on the floor. He’s the priority. 
DB: Okay, check out little man on the floor. 
GR: Goes over. 
DB: Oh. 
GR: He’s like, 
DB: Okay, we got to. We got to take a look at this gentlemen right away. 
Z: Also, be careful what you say because that guy can hear everything that you’re about to say. 
DB: Okay. We’re going to take him back as soon as I can. I have to get back in there. 
TW: Is there anything we can do? Can we help? 
DR: I can drive a truck. I’m the handsomest trucker on the road. 
Z: We’ve killed a lot of people and we’re not going to stop. 
P: I’ve got a little bit of experience in medical stuff. I can help you back there. 
DB: Okay, we could use an extra hand, actually. 
TW: She might need a…
DB: You look…
P: I’ve got a bum arm, but I can do something. 
DB: You look pretty messed up.
BB: Take the minus three dice. 
TW: Look, Pox I’m going to do what I can for you. I’m not going to say it’s great. 
Z: Tech, are you going to show them? Are you going to show him what you can do? 
DR: Yeah, are you going to show him the agic may? 
Z: The agic may. 
P: Agic may? 
Z: Because you can ealhe eple pe? 
TW: I mean igtly slay. 
CT: Tech Wizard rubs his hands together and he’s like, 
TW: Alright, Pox. 
CT: And he puts his hand on her fucked up arm and he closes his eyes. 
P: Wait. You’re going to waste it on me? 
Z: He can’t do much for Max, but he can…
DR: If he heals you through the transitive property, he can heal whoever you heal. 
P: Okay, heal me. I’m dying. 
TW: I cast…
MM: Fireball? Aooga. 
P: You’ve done it once before. 
CT: So, I’m going to do a force five heal, concentrated on Pox’s damaged areas. Her arm and elsewhere.
P: I mean that’s fair. It’s just my arm. The rest of my body’s fine. No, it’s not. 
Z: You got shot in the torso, didn’t you? 
P: It’s not good. Yeah. 
DR: I thought you shot right in your clavicle. 
P: I did. 
BB: You got five, right? 
CT: No. 
BB: Really? 
CT: No, I got three. Three hits. 
MM: You’re our friend, but come on. 
BB: Hey, man, if you didn’t want to heal, you didn’t have to heal her, okay? 
ES: Do you heal me three? 
GR: Three’s good. 
BB: Yeah, that’s still great and she has high pain tolerance. 
CT: Oh shit. No, three was all I needed. Forget all the math, listeners. Three healing points is just enough to make it so Pox can do her magic, so to speak. 
BB: How does this guy react to the miracle of God?
DB: I, in my days, have only seen that done on Youtube. That’s impressive. 
TW: Really? 
DB: Well, you ready to give me a hand? 
P: I’m ready to give you two! 
GR: So, you are going around with this doctor and I’ll just describe what you see. You go through the door. Immediately it’s so much more grisly everywhere. It’s very gnarly. People who are burned. Body parts like people who are just as bad off as Max are being pushed around on gurneys. Others, one surgeon who’s just going nuts. And this doctor. He turns to you and he says, 
DB: Oh by the way, didn’t think I caught your name? 
P: My name’s Pox. Docs Pox. 
DB: Very nice. You can call me Doctor Thomas Ba. 
P: Doctor Ba? 
DB: Let’s get to it. 
P: Alright. 
GR: So, you guys go around and you’re like, he’s asking to hand him needles. You’re assisting the robot. The robot drones. The robot drone will be like, “Scalpel, please. “ And then you hand him a scalpel and you’re like, “Yes!” You’re putting bandaids on guys who have these huge claw marks over their stomach and it’s like, “Yeah, alright!” And pretty soon one doctor’s like, “Okay, I think I can take Max,” after about an hour and a half. Cut back to the…
MM: Oh, real quick. I like to imagine, so they took Max into the....
GR: No, Max is still with you guys. 
MM: Okay. So, we’re all…
BB: We’ve just been hanging out next to his body. 
MM: Super grisled. Covered in blood and we’re sitting next to the lady in the mumu. It’s been quiet for about 25 minutes. We’ve just stopped talking and there’s like maybe a little jazz instrumental that’s playing the lobby. And I lean over to the lady in the mumu. And I’m like, 
DR: So, what’s wrong with you? 
ZY: I ate a toy truck. 
DR: You ate a toy truck?
ZY: Yeah, it really hurts. 
DR: Can I ask why? 
ZY: I was really hungry. 
TW: Uh-oh. 
DR: I think that was probably a good cut for the montage, 
MM: I say to the director of NeoScum. 
GR: And the director for NeoScum, Stephen Spielberg, takes a big wink of that iconic eye and says, “That’s a wrap! Martini, that was the maritnin shot. Whatever.”
ES: So, there’s Doc Ba and there’s what other doctor? 
DB: That’s Max Niley. That’s Francois Grier. That’s Charlene Hazenbough. 
ES: And what do they look like? 
GR: They’re all elves except for the doctor you’re talking to. The surgeon, he’s got a beautiful long flush of blonde hair. Dark skin and bright green eyes. Very attractive surgeon. Well built, you know? He’s a real hunkey surgeon. Doctor Grier, she has freckles all over her face and also blood. And she’s washing her hands and her hands are a little shaky right now. And she looks like she’s about 40 years old? May be a mother. Got motherly vibes. And then, oh, what was the last name? 
ES: And the last one. 
GR: And the last one, the name I said before, she’s got her hair slicked back. It’s very short. Like I said, an elf. She has cool tattoos going up and down her arms. 
ES: Oh, she’s cool. 
GR: Yeah, she’s definitely cool and she’s young. 
ES: And when Pox is handing the first guy a scalpel, their hands graze slightly and she gasps. 
GR: He is just looking into the horrifying bubbly fire wound. That’s in this guys’ face. 
ES: Pox is taking this scene all very casually like it just like...used to it. 
GR: So, Doctor Ba comes out and is like, 
DB: We’re ready for the patient. 
MM: Well, they come out and I’m showing pictures of Xanadu to the lady who ate the truck just like, 
DR: Yeah, that’s my truck. 
ZY: That looks delicious. I know this sounds weird. I have a fetish for trucks and eating them. 
DR: No shaming here, sister. 
ZY: Can I get some of those pictures? 
DR: What’s your name? 
ZY: Zilphy. 
DR: Hey, Zilphy. Yeah, I’ll send them to you. 
ZY: Can I share them on my group? 
DR: You got a group? 
ZY Oh, my stomach hurts from that truck. 
Z: Oh, yeah, I can imagine. 
ZY: Oh, it just passed. 
TW: Did they say that they’re ready for Max? 
GR: Oh yeah. Doctor Ba comes in. 
DB: We are ready for the patient. 
DR: Ah!
MM: Dak picks up Max and starts…
DB: Oh no. That’s okay. I got it. 
Z: Careful, careful, careful. 
DR: Where do you need me to put him? 
DB: Don’t. No, no, no. 
DR: You got a gurney? 
DB: We got a gurney? 
DR: You got a hammock? 
DB: We got it. 
GR: He takes—
TW: The arm is like swinging like a pendulum. 
DR: Oh, you're going to want to pick that arm up off the floor. Alright. It’s off. 
GR: He picks the arm up off the floor. And he plops it on the gurney and they take it back. 
DR: Don’t you look at me like that was Dak’s fault. 
GR: The night passes on. Eventually, you guys are all seen to. You guys are being seen to by healing drones who are coming and pulling the bullets out of your body, helping you out. And everyone gets an okay night’s rest. I’m not going to say it was a good sleep, because, realistically, probably like four hours. Something like that. 
MM: Gannon? 
GR: Mm-hmm? 
MM: Was one of the doctors maybe like a 12-year old doctor who’s just super smart and very small in stature? 
GR: No. 
MM: No? Okay. 
GR: There was just those three doctors.
ES: Little doc. 
GR: And the one surgeon. 
TW: Now we know there’s an opening. 
BB: Was one of the doctors guys a serial killer behind the scenes? 
GR: That would be a speculation, yeah. 
ES: Was one of the doctors also having a crush on Pox? 
GR: That’s also speculation. 
BB: Don’t tell us which if there is. 
GR: You know there was another guy who’s helping Pox doing nursing stuff. He was a portly dwarf and he had a…
BB: A huge crush on Pox. 
DR: He was 12 years old? 
GR: He had long straight black hair that went down to the center of his back. 
BB: What’s his name? 
GR: Ichiffil. 
DR: Chiffil. 
GR: Chiffl Commonback. 
DR: The medical liability. 
ES: And their main interaction was Pox looked and was like, 
P: You’re cool, dude. 
ES: And punches him the shoulder. 
CC: intern. 
P: Oh. Cool. 
CC: It’s my first week here. 
P: Yeah, what’s your name? 
CC: Names aren’t important. 
MM: And then time poasses. 
GR: So, it’s morning. Everyone’s feeling okay rested in this scary, stinky, dirty hospital filled with hurting people. 
BB: How’s Max doing with the ocular drone? 
GR: The ocular drone decided to sleep. Let’s add a little bit of flavor. Let’s say there’s like a radio type thing, just like a broadcast thing that’s just been playing in your little area of healed people. Just something to listen in the background. And it was given a news update. And it was like, 
RA: And here with entertainment, we have Grant Junctal. Grant, we understand you’re spending some time in Chicago filming a new film. 
GJ: Yeah, actually, I had a really crazy time. Really, some of the folks I met in that area, you know, really listen, obviously I’m here to promote the Jack of Cards, but I just, I’ve been really excited. I ran into some really interesting kind of roughneck kind of people out there. Let’s just say the next Grant Junctal film—
RA: Oh, are you giving the scoop on the next Grant Junctal film? 
GJ: I’m getting there! I’m...I’m getting there. I got my guy working on a script. I’m seeing lots of truckers. Lots of truckers. Telling you very inspired from my time out in Chicago. Very, very inspired. 
RA: Well, there you have it and don’t forget to catch the Jack of Cards. That was fun shooting that? 
GJ: Yeah, is this your first day on the job?
RA: No, it’s not. OKay, and let’s go to Dennis McCleary with Sports. 
DM: Well, today’s Blitzball tournament…
MM: Blitzball from Final Fantasy 10? 
GR: Click. Doctor Ba turns off the radio. 
DB: I wanted to give you the update on your son. 
DR: He’s my sister’s kid. 
DB: My apologies. 
DR: BUt I’ll take that update, Doc. 
DB: This is going to be hard to hear. We don’t have the equipment in the facility to heal Max. 
DR: What kind of equipment do you need and how quickly do you need it, because I got a cooler in the back of my truck…
Z: Dak, Dak, calm down. 
DB: You really cut to the chase, huh? Okay, the reason we don’t have the equipment is because a helicopter that was going to provide us with two extra doctors and enough blood to help all these folks out behind me was shot down last night while you were resting.
TW: Shot down by what? By the drake? By people? 
DB: Devil Girls. 
Z: Oh God fucking damnit. 
DR: Why would they shoot a goddam…
TW: Goddamnit. 
DR: medical helicopter? 
P: Ah, those cool Devil Girls. 
DR: We killed nine of them with our truck and a magic spell and they ate it in the fucking woods. 
Z: Do you know where the helicopter went down? 
DR: Wish we could have killed more. 
DB: I’m telling you this. This is very against code. I do know where it went down. We were pinged the helicopter pilot right before, right as it crashed, so we know the location of where it crashed. Looks it was taken out. They were saying anti-aircraft missile. 
TW: Jesus. 
DB: We don’t know exactly what you’ll be dealing with out there, but let me tell you, the Devil Girls, you don’t want to mess with these women. 
DR: Did you hear what I said. We already fucking did. 
Z: Look, I know we might just look like a bunch of random hospital patrons, but we’re shadowrunners. 
DR: Yeah, we’re shadowrunners. 
Z: You whisper it, Dak. 
DR: Oh yeah. We’re shadowrunners and we’re wanted by a lot of big fucking heavy hitters. And the Devil Girls, they seem like local yokels. And what do we do with local yokels? 
P: Kill them. 
DR: Kisel moko. Smokel them. 
TW: Smokel. 
P: Oh, smokel them.
DR: But that means kill. And you were right and you were right and you were right. 
TW: Next time we’ll make sure we coordinate that. 
DR: Yeah, next we’re here with a cool doctor. By the way, were you the guy who killed that fucking drake? 
DB: No. 
Z: Goddamnit. 
DB: It was that guy. 
GR: And he points to a guy with cool sideburns. Really big sideburns and he’s wearing sunglasses and he’s nodding smiling. There’s no one around him. And he’s wearing a cool leather jacket. 
TW: Hey, dude. 
CT: And Tech Wizard walks over to him. 
BZB: Hey. 
TW: Hey, you killed that fucking drake? 
BZB: No, I just ran away. 
TW: Oh, you just ran away with the people in your car? 
BZB: Yeah, just rescued all these people. 
DR: You saved them. You want to save one more person? 
BZB: Yeah, what’s it going to take? 
DR: Oh, what’s it going to take? The answer is yes. I will fucking fight you right now if you don’t agree to join us, fellow tough guy!
BZB: You’re going to fight me? I’m going to fight you. 
DR: I want you to arm wrestle me right now. 
BZB: Alright. It’s on. 
MM: I feel this guy’s magnetism just drawing me into a goddamn trucker match. 
GR: This guy is just exuding heat. He’s hot. He’s burning hot. His beard bristles as sticks out his big arm to arm wrestle. Doctor Ba in the background’s talking to you guys. He’s like, 
DB: I guess I’ll just you guys the coordinates? 
Z: Give me the coordinates. Yeah. 
DB: Okay, here are the coordinates. Just be careful out there. I don’t know how many Devil Girls we’re talking about. 
Z: Look, can you just tell us what equipment specifically are we looking for that’s going to help? 
DB: You’ll be looking for two to four casket sized tanks of blood. 
TW and Z: Okay.
TW: Doc, so can we just get a handful of adrenaline shots or any other stim packs or stabilizers? 
DB: We’re going to need them for these guys. 
Z: Don’t give anything to this guy. 
TW: Not for that. Z, not for that. Because we need… Am I talking to myself here? 
Z: Pox, am I crazy or is this a bad idea? Does this look like a bad idea to you? 
TW: What if we get hurt? 
P: Calm yourself down. 
GR: He looks at Pox and says, 
DB: I’ll give you two medkits. 
P: Thank you. 
DB: You hold onto them. 
P: Of course I will. 
TW: That’s fine. 
ES: And she puts one in one pocket and one in another one. 
P: Any snacks? 
DB: Yeah, we’ve got some very sugary candies for when you have to draw blood. 
MM: Gannon…
Z: Don’t give those to her. Give those to him. 
P: No, give those to right to me!
MM: For this arm wrestling match that’s happening right now, I’m going to do unarmed combat plus strength if that’s okay? 
GR: That’s okay. 
MM: And as we’re doing this, we’re locking eyes and smiling madly at each other. Dak’s mullet is standing on end like…
CT: In a Ghibli film like before they do something and they lift up a little bit? 
BB: And a kid goes super saiyan? 
MM: They make it classier.
BB: It’s like super saiyan when his hair’s going nuts, right? 
MM: No, it’s not that. It’s like a Ghibli film. 
ES: No, for a moment it just rises gently... 
CT: Like lifts. 
ES: and then falls back down in once they are doing the thing. 
BB: I apologize for comparing your character to a super saiyan, Mike. 
MM: Yeah, he’s not. He’s a Namekian if anything.
BB: It seems super cool though Get into this arm wrestling match. 
MM: We are making eye contact. Smiling madly and we’re having a conversation that only we can hear because it’s a quiet conversation between macho man. 
DR: Let me tell you something, buddy. 
BZB: Yeah, tell me something. 
DDR: When I win this arm wrestling match, you’re going to join my little merry crew. 
BZB: You’ll never beat me. 
DR: Oh, I’m going to beat you. And oh, when I beat you, you’re going to be my best friend. 
BZB: We’ll see about that. After I beat you, you’re going to be my best friend.
That’s how the game works. 
DR: You like to drive trucks? I heard you drive a little bus. What are you? A school bus driver? 
BZB: Yes, I am. 
DR: I never went to school because it was fucking lame. School bus drivers hate me. 
BZB: Me neither. School bus drivers love me for that reason because the school bus driver’s never been to school. That’s rule number one of the school bus driver code. 
DR: What’s your name? 
BZB: My name is… My name is Beel Z. Bub. 
DR: Oh my God. Fucking love this guy. No I don’t. 
BZB: You can call me Beel. 
DR: No I don’t. Just kidding. I hate you!
ES: I like that during that entire conversation, you were casually shaking the dice. Just subtly shaking them the whole time. 
MM: I got three hits. 
GR: Okay, he got one. You pull his fist and then you hit against the ground and he goes, 
BZB: Ow! 
DR: I’m so sorry. 
BZB: That really hurt. 
DR: I’m so sorry. I thought it was going to be closer. 
BZB: Doctor! That really hurt. 
Z: Aren’t you a doctor?
TW: No, he’s just a dude. 
DR: He’s just a good guy. Hey man, are you okay? 
BZB: Doctor Ba, that really hurt. Dude, what is your problem? 
DR: I thought maybe I met my match and…
BZB: Ow. 
ES: Pox walks over and just sticks a Werthers in this guy’s mouth. 
BZB: Mmmm.
ES: Take a little nap. 
GR: He sits down. 
TW: No, he can’t take a nap. He got to come with…
GR: And then he falls down, passed out. 
TW: What the fuck? 
DR: He’s going to burn an edge. Fuck it. He’s burning an edge. He burns all the edges he has. 
GR: Doctor Ba is like, 
DB: You guys going to do this? 
Z: Yeah, we will, but we’re not probably not going to take that dude if that’s cool. 
P: Cool boss. 
DR: I know you didn’t like it when we tried to get that one guy to join the party back in Chicago. I’m talking about Pete Whistler who had the nastiest sack of any shadowrunner I’ve ever seen in my many 48 years. 
TW: Then he’s a good guy. A good listener and a good friend. 
Z: This guy? 
TW: No, Pete Whistler. 
Z: Oh. 
DR: Did you say Pete Whi-ssler?
TW: Yeah, that’s his name. Pete Whis-tler. 
P: Whi-ssler. Darling. Wh-isstler. 
TW: I mean I don’t what to tell you. It’s Whistler. 
GR: He looks at Dak and says, 
DB: I hope you can get that blood for your sister’s—
DR: Kid. 
DB: kid’s sake. 
DR: And if not, that blood’s on your hand. 
DB: Already is. 
GR: Lifts up his hands. 
BB: And then he walks backwards out the door. 
GR: Already is. Doctor Ba out. 
BZB: So, it looks like...Oh wait. I’m asleep.
DR: Biel was back with us for a second. I thought we had a chance of bringing him with us. 
GR: Still super passed out. 
DR: This guy, I swear to God. He could have his own DVD cover. I hope you’re all happy. We just lost one hell of a dude. 
P: We’re going to be back and we going to say hi to him. 
Z: We’ll take him with us when we leave on the second time we leave this hospital. How’s that? Does that sound good? 
DR: I mean yeah it sounds great. I would love that. 
Z: Okay, let’s do that. 
DR: Let’s go on this mission. Hopefully we won’t die because we weren’t one Beel Z. Bub short. 
Z: I’m sure there will be a bus shaped hole in the wall we have to get through and the only way we unlock is by driving a full school bus through the hole and…
TW: Oh, then we should wake up Beel Z. Bub. 
Z: Tech, this is a hypothetical, this is a crazy hypothetical I’m coming up with. 
GR: So, as the gang laughs and argues and as Doctor Ba goes back in the room, quietly gesturing, 
DB: Hey, seriously. You’re going to have to leave the hospital. I wasn’t messing around. Camera pans out of the hospital and looks off into that road. What could be awaiting them? Tune in after the break. 
MM: All aboard the interlude express. We have seats for everyone. Standing room. We have a sleeping car. There’s a restaurant car. Anything your heart desires can be found here. 
BB: Tickets please. Tickets please. 
MM: Oh, this here’s our lonely porter taking tickets for car number three. 
BB: Do you have a ticket for this interlude? 
MM: I-I’m the conductor but I don’t have a ticket. 
ES: That man doesn’t have a ticket? 
BB: Oh no, you...I would have let this go but she was sitting right there and now if I don’t enforce the policy…
MM: But I’m the Conductor. 
BB: people won’t understand that you have to have a ticket. 
ES: And I am Edna, the owner of this train.
MM: Oh Edna. 
BB: Edna Interlude. 
MM: We thought Edna was dead. Please, you carry me off this train. This is my train.
ES: Just buy a ticket. Oh, he’s gone. 
BB: Welcome to the interlude. 
MM: That’s a little bit of the interlude for you guys. This is going to be our first one-hour long interlude. We’re super jazzed to be here, but we couldn’t be here if it wasn’t for a little program...Nah. I ain’t going to them like that. A big program called Hero Lab. These guys have a great character management tool software. And you can get your Shadowrun character from your tabletop roleplaying game and it tippity type it in to this little nasty piece of software. And it will track your character and it will tell you what’s allowed and what’s not allowed by the rules because you’re too dumb to figure it out, Mike Migdall. You’re too dumb! That’s why there’s Hero Lab. 
BB: Also, while we’re in the interlude, we are still collecting questions. If you want us to read a question on the interlude and answer it for all the NeoScum fans, shoot us an email at Neoscumpodcast@gmail.com. And put “Interlude Question” in the subject line, so we know it’s not an urgent question that we should actually respond to. 
CT: Like a question you don’t want all of our listeners to know about? 
BB: Yeah.
MM: A secret question.
BB: A secret question. 
ES: Yeah, interlude question would be a public question. Secret question you can just title, “Secret Question.” 
CT: That’s for pictures of that fungus you have that you want us to give our opinion on. 
ES: Oh, don’t send that. 
MM: Who has pictures of fungus? Send them to Casey Toney. 
BB: Yeah, Casey Toney address is 1122 NeoScum Ln. Beverly Hills, California, baby, 802010 @gmail.com. 
MM: Lately I’ve been learning how to be a Twitch streamer. ItsMigdallTime on Twitch. I have my friends on. I have my enemies on. I let you figure which are which. But we play all sorts of games, and if you have a game you want me to play, tell me via social media or phone call. My phone is 911, and I’ll be waiting to take your phone call.
ES: Mike Migdall just fell asleep while speaking into the microphone.
BB: And he called 911.
ES: Good night. 
CT: Guys, thank you for all the reviews but we are hungry for more reviews, so keep sending them in. If you haven’t reviewed and you have a five-star review, then send it in. If you have a four-star review, then fucking email us. 
ES: Email us. 
BB: We’re trying to get to 1,000 iTunes reviews by the end of the year. So, if you guys…
ES: That’s only a few months. 
BB: And that’s really going to require a lot of you guys....
ES: 1,000. 
BB: And we know we’re getting the downloads guys. We know you’re listening to the eps. And if you don’t think it’s five stars, why aren’t you sending any interlude questions? Come on, guys. 
MM: Quit lurking. 
CT: Do you feel like this is going to encourage more people to give us four star reviews? 
ES: No, we got to cut it off. 
CT: Because we’re so fucking petty? 
GR: I’m pretty sure you got to cut it all.
ES: You got to cut all of that. 
MM: Yeah, cut this part. Keep the part about the train. 
GR: A plaque shattered in half. The Twa—Historical Home. It’s an old Southern home and one creepazoid is sitting on the porch drinking hyper fuel. Another creepazoid runs up and syas, 
C1: I swear to God. This frog right here can jump higher than any other frogs in this whole county. 
GR: And the other guy’s like, 
C2: I think I read about this in one of the books in this place.
GR: Xanadu goes roaring by. That was Mark Twain’s historical home. You were close. You just drove by it. 
DR: Z, would you be able to use your ocular drone that is currently housing Max? 
Z: No, I took away the control. He also can’t reach it from this distance. 
DR: Well, you could fly it above head and maybe just scope out the lay of the land. 
Z: Hell, yeah, dude. Let’s fucking do this. 
MM: So, if it’s alright, I’d like to park Xanadu in a secluded spot, less obvious. 
BB: Z’s eye is out scouting ahead. 
GR: So, the eyeball goes up and you can’t see much going into the trees. You do see some smoke coming from the area where the helicopter was supposed to have been shot down. And then…
BB: Can I send the drone in further into the some? 
GR: As you get closer, you see a smashed up crashed helicopter. It looks like the doors have been torn open on this helicopter and you can see a silhouette in the helicopter, in the driver’s seat that’s not moving. 
TW: Pox, do you want to, should we try recon? 
P: Let’s go be stealthy. 
TW: Alright, Pox. Are you ready to do this? 
P: I’m ready. 
CT: You just see the doors to Xanadu open and you expect somebody to come out doors on both sides. 
ES: And nothing. 
CT: Then nothing and then the doors close. You just hear the crunch of footsteps. 
ES: Just Tech’s footsteps because Pox has light body, so you…
CT: Yeah, Tech is much clumsier. 
ES: And she also has traceless walk, so you see little footprints from Tech, but that’s it. One set of footprints. 
P: Hey, Tech? 
TW: Yeah? 
P: When you’re invisible, don’t you just want to be really loud? 
TW: Be really loud while you’re…? 
P: We shouldn’t be doing it,
TW: We shouldn’t. No, we can’t be loud. 
P: We’re going to, but don’t you want to? 
TW: Pox? 
P: Yeah? 
TW: Yeah. 
P: I know. 
TW: I’ve always wanted to…
CT: And they’re like shuffling behind and walking around trees and stuff. 
TW: I’ve always wanted to say, “Hey, look over here.” And then run to the other side of the room and say, “Oh no. Now I’m over here.” And just totally confuse somebody. 
P: I’ve always wanted to do that too. 
TW: I wasn’t supposed to go invisible when I was a kid. I got in a little bit of trouble in grade school. I did some stuff while invisible that I shouldn’t have done, so I. 
P: Eww. Eww. 
TW: Not...I don’t know what you're thinking—
P: I don’t know. 
TW: but it’s probably not that. I’m just…
P: Like you were peeping at someone.... 
TW: I don’t need to go into it. 
P: or you lifted up someone's shirt. 
TW: Oh, here’s the helicopter. 
GR: You’re at the helicopter. 
TW: What do we have? 
GR: It’s smashed up. It’s empty, probably these guys looting this medical helicopter and sure enough, there is an elf sitting in the pilot’s seat with a bullet in the head. 
MM: Do you think that if Pox sees it, she's going to flip out she’s an elf. 
CT: She will. She sees a dead elf. 
ES: Right, but it’s already happened. I think so. Just for me hurting them. 
BB: If only she kills them, yeah. 
GR: But you can play this emotionally. 
P: Who’s this guy? 
GR: Let’s jump back over to this. Your eyeball comes upon an encampment. You’re seeing three Devil Girls. All orcs. Very muscular. Some with little horns popping out of their head. One that has tusks coming out of their face in a horizontal way. Real muscular, did I say that? Because it’s impressive. Dressed up in these leather motorcycle outfits. There are two elves on their knees with their hands tied around a campfire which is out. Two of the Devil Girls are packing up a tent. One of the Devil Girls is watching the two prisoners and it looks like you might be able to see two motorcycles and a car. 
BB: I relay all of this info to the rest of the cast of NeoScum, to my friends. 
DR: Z, you should kamikaze your drone into them. Take them all out with you. 
Z: I can actually do that, but it would severely hinder my ability to help out for the rest of this. 
DR: Thank you for entertaining that idea. 
DR: Dak Lamba...Dak Lambo. Dak Lambo. 
CT: Dak Lambo, a lamborghini. 
DR: Dak Lambo. That’s like…
ES: Dak Lambo. 
MM: That’s a rich person’s Dak Rambo. If Dak Rambo made it and he just ate lobster every day. And drove around in a fancy super long lambo and smoked cigarettes or space weed cigarettes out of filters. Dak comes out of the back of Xanadu and he’s got this huge-ass hunting rifle and he’s looking at these big-ass big game hunting that are in and he goes, 
DR: These do 13 physical damage. Holy shit! Let’s rock and roll. 
BB: Did you just fire it? 
MM: No I just and I went with my mouth. 
Z: Okay. 
DR: I know it sounds good, but it’s not that good. Do you want to get on my shoulders and we can be a super tall target? 
Z: I feel like we will both move slower if we do that. 
DR: We’ll be very scary. This worked once before. 
CT: So, Pox and Tech Wizard are now just outside of the scene here. Invisible. Kind of observing. 
GR: Now you guys are seeing it in the flesh. Exactly how I described it. Three Devil Girls. A fire that’s out. Two captives. One watching the captives, two packing up a tent. You can see a little better. A van. Two motorcycles. 
MM: I’m trying to explain to Z that,
DR: Yeah, it worked once before. 
BB: And I’m walking through the forest then. 
DR: A guy got on my shoulders and we took out 10 gang bangers. But the guy who was sitting on my shoulders, he took one right to the face. 
GR: So, you are in the woods right now? 
BB: We’re following the path that these guys just walked up. 
MM: And we’re looking for trip wires by the way, just FYI. Looking for trip wires. 
CT: Yeah, don’t try to pull a fast one, Gannon. 
GR: Oh, that’s good. Yeah, okay. 
BB: Also, at this point, Z is finally bringing his ocular drone back in.
MM: About time. I missed that boy. 
GR: So, the eyeball goes up out of the woods and you see a green helicopter. 
BB: Weed leaf? 
GR: Weed leaf.
Z: There’s Ripper. 
DR: Ah, and all the parties are here. 
GR: It’s getting closer. 
BB: Can I roll a perception check to see if I can see the face? 
GR: Yes. 
BB: See who’s piloting it? This is Kanabis Jak guys. One, two, five hits. 
GR: Five homie. You’re going to know when the last time this person’s shaved was.... Enhance. Enhance. Enhance. Sure is. It’s Kanabis Jak. 
BB: Is his smoking… like steel? 
GR: Yeah, exactly. He’s got a big steel jaw where his other jaw was. But it’s smooth, sexy like sexy robot’s steel. 
BB: So, since this was a pretty good roll and you don’t have to answer to my question 100%, but on a scale of one to 10, how close to being on our team does he look? You don’t have to answer this accurately at all, with my roll what kind of information can I glean? 
CT: And one thing to keep in mind before you make that decision is that Pox was nodding real interested when you were talking about how sexy Kanabis Jak was looking. 
ES: Mmm-hmm. 
CT: If that affects your decision. 
BB: Like he’s got a NeoScum pin on, I should be able to see it. 
MM: Does he have Dak Rambo cat eyes? 
GR: I’ll tell you this. His eyebrows are in like a V. Like “Hmm.” Like a determined look. And he’s got a sly smile on the side of his mouth. And he’s goes pushing it down to make it go faster. 
P: You say you’ve seen Kanabis Jak? 
Z: Nope. No, I have. I’m kidding. Hey, guys. All clear in the air. 
DR: All clear on the ground. 
TW: Are we all in place? Are you guys now through the woods like…
GR: In order to approach the encampment, I’m going to need you guys to do a stealth roll. 
BB: Okay, the ocular drone’s back, right? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: He sucks it back into his face. 
ES: Oh God. 
TW: Guys when you get over here…
BB: And a fountain of pus just flies out of Z’s… It just goooping down his fucking face. 
ES: Ah, terrible. 
BB: Nickelodeon style. 
MM: It’s cannon, baby. 
BB: I rolled two hits, mother fucker. 
GR: Two hits? How many hits? 
MM: One. 
GR: Okay. 
MM: But I’m going slow. 
GR: Okay.
P: Tech? 
TW: Yeah? 
P: Remember the thing you said you’ve always to do when you were invisible? 
TW: Be loud? 
P: No, not be loud. 
TW: Wait, yeah? 
P: Say, “Hello,” and then run to the other side and then say, “Hello.” Or we can do that except we can do that with me and with you because I can just impersonate you, and then I can sound like you coming from every direction, confuse them, and shoot them in the face. 
TW: Okay, that is…
P: I got a little loud. 
GR: There’s a snap. Snap. Dak, you look down at your feet and you stepped on some nice dry sticks. 
BB: I’m imagining there’s like a close up camera of the sticks and Z is about to step on the stick and then he’s like, 
Z: No, I’m being stealthy. 
BB: And he puts his foot on the other side of it and then Dak just immediately steps on the same thing. 
MM: Clomp. 
GR: Clomp. The Devil Ladies all turn in your direction. They don’t see you immediately. The one who’s been watching the two captives points at one of them and gestures in your area. And then you guys hear, That gets their attention. The one who’s been watching the captives picks up a rocket launcher that’s been on her side and steps into the trees to the south of the fire. She just walked through the woods. Now you can’t see her. 
ES: With a rocket launcher? 
GR: With a rocket launcher. 
ES: To aim it at the helicopter? 
MM: Hold on. After I stepped on that. I realized that I made myself known. Did anyone look over towards us? 
GR: Yes they did. One is still looking. 
CT: Tech Wizard pushes Pox to the left and from right where he is, 
TW: Hey! Hey, I’m over here. 
ES: Pox runs to the other side of the camp. 
P: Hey. Now, I’m over here now. 
MM: And then Dak goes, 
DR: Devil Babies, come out and plaaay! 
GR: And then they see you as soon as Dak speaks. At first they turn like, “What? What?” And then Dak speaks and they’re like, “Oh, he’s there.” 
CT: Goddamnit!
GR: So, now we’re going to...these guys are going to have disadvantage and you don’t have to roll. 
BB: We ambushed them, right? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Maybe a little bit? 
GR: A little bit, yea. 
MM: Right on. 
GR: Okay, so Z’s up first.
BB: I’m going to try and fucking hack this rocket launcher. That’s what I want to do and that’s what I’m going to do. I got three hits. 
GR: Two marks. 
BB: Hell yeah. I now have user status on this rocket launcher’s targeting system. The next time it gets fired, I want to pick my own target for it. 
GR: Okay, I can tell you now, it is targeting the helicopter, so if there’s something you want to set it to right now…
BB: I want to set it on the motorcycles. Actually, wait. Can I just make this thing fire right now? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Okay, I’m going to do that instead. That’s cool. Four hits. 
GR: The rocket just fires. And then comes down. Let’s say that’ll happen in five rounds. Okay, so moving right along, it’s going to be Tech Wizard. 
CT: So, at this moment, in the air above this clearing, Tech Wizard casts a phantasm of a large and intimidating drake, flying right above and then hovering above the opening, drawing its attention to the Devil Ladies. This drake is looking at them with deadly intent. 
ES: Oh, I see. 
GR: Oh okay. 
CT: Force six. I got three hits. 
GR: Three hits. Okay. Let’s move over to Dak Rambo. So, big old dragon suddenly appears and these guys are visibly confused and shaken. 
CT: And I will say it flew from the edge of the trees. 
GR: Truee, there's a lot of trees around, so you can hide that in there and then Woosh. All of a sudden, woah. That’s a frigging drake. 
MM: So, there’s these three ladies. I’m going to take a shot with my rifle at the lady that was looking at Dak. Alright, let’s go. Oh, that is, Gannon, I got three hits. 
GR: So, you got three hits? Ow. It’s all in. Okay, what’s the damage on that? 
MM: I picked the weapons that has the highest damage. 
GR: What? 
MM: This is 13p. 
BB: Ohh. 
MM: It’s meant for…
BB: Elephants? 
MM: I’ve said it before. Big game hunting. 
BB: Oh yeah. Like a drake? 
MM: Like a drake. 
BB: So, what actually happened was the real drake flew in right behind the phantasm and it is now occupying the exact same space and when Tech Wizard…
CT: Trying to have sex with it.
MM: Oh, it’s summertime. 
BB: And when Tech Wiz stops she’s like. 
MM: Yeah, and I was aiming for her head. 
GR: Her head explodes. 
ES: Woo!
GR: Like a melon just getting smashed, a rotten melon. Papow! Head explodes. So, she’s like, “Drake?” And you go, 
DR: Tell them Dak Rambo sent you when you go and meet the real Devil Lady herself, my ex-wife. Sorry for that. 
GR: Boom! Rotten melon. She’s dead. 
BB: This combat’s going pretty well for the NeoScum crew. 
MM: Thank God for that. 
GR: It’s Pox. Oh, wait. Sorry, missiles flies out of the sky and explodes on both of the motorcycles. 
MM: Those were sentient motorcycles and honorary members of the Devil Ladies. 
BB: And if I could add a quick flourish. 
GR: Yes, quick flourish. 
BB: Let’s say maybe the missile as it’s flying down goes through the phantasm’s mouth so it looks it’s breathing fire. 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: And maybe even Tech covers it with fire breathing on the fucking ground. 
CT: For sure. 
GR: Pox? 
ES: How close am I to the one that I’m by? 
GR: You’re close enough to reach her. 
ES: Okay. I’m going to whip her in the face. I got three hits. 
GR: Okay, yeah. Also, like a melon but this time, a fresh lemon as it meets a blade in the famous app store video game Fruit Ninja, her head is sliced right in half. The top part just goes flying off into the woods. Dead. 
P: I used to think you were so cool. 
GR: Plop goes the body. You hear running. There’s only the third lady, so I assume all of your eyes go, “What she’s doing? Where is she at?” is scurrying down the cliff. If initiative is still going, then it would be Z’s turn again. 
BB: I mean I don’t want to kill this lady. 
CT: She’s scared. 
BB: I don’t give a shit about it. 
GR: Combat disengaged. So, now you’re in this clearing with these two elves tied up who just saw that whole thing. They’re like, “Oh thank God. Please tell me you’re with IASSD.” 
ES: No!
BB: Pox, we have to do a save there. 
MM: No, I’m just playing. I didn’t do that. 
BB: But you made all the noises. 
MM: I made all the noises. That’s been a theme in this episode I guess. 
BB: Can I send a quick message to KJ up in the helicopter? 
GR: We’ll give it to you. What’s your message to KJ? 
BB: I just literally like, 
Z: Hey, dude. I saved your life if you want to come hang out. Come hit me up. 
ES: Z has a crush on him too? 
GR: You see the three dot thing come up like he’s typing. He doesn’t finish it. Also, it looks like the helicopter’s split maybe when it saw the drake. Who knows? Okay, when you guys look in the van, you do find the three caskets of blood. So, you found those three caskets and there is also 10,000 nuyen. Bam. It’s Xanadu pulling up. Rolling in like some big huge ballers. There's a frigging cart pulling the blood in. 
DR: Hey, Doc. We got your blood and we got your other doctors and we fucking saved the day. 
DB: Holy...Do you know what you just done? 
DR: No. 
DB: You’ve just saved the lives of 25 men and women. 
TW: What about the one? 
Z: What about the one? 
DR: What about my sister’s kid, Max. 
DB: You’ve saved 26. 
Z: I mean I just got to say you are talking about the Devil Ladies. We took them out. 
DR: They were no problem. 
TW: It was a bit tough in its boost the last time. 
Z: We got wrecked in the last mission and this was like, “We are on fire!” 
DR: Yeah, seriously, Doc. We stole their car. I had Tech Wizard siphon all the gas and spit into Xanadu. Guess what? We got a fucking full tank now. And another thing? We’re going to keep one of the things of blood. I’m just playing with ya’ll. Hey, where’s Beel Z. Bub? 
GR: Okay, Beel Z. Bub, he’s lying down on this cot. 
BZB: Hey, man. 
DR: Brother. 
BZB: Feel like it’s been ages since I saw you. 
DR: I can’t get my mind off you, dude. You are one heavy hitter and it is a disservice that you were not on that mission with us because I know you would have wrecked that shit up. 
BZB: Hell, yeah, I know I would have survived. I know I would have thrived. And I know I would have…
DR: High fived? 
BZB: High fived my best friend. Let me come on the rest of the adventures with you. 
DR: Oh please, daddy. Please. 
BZB: I’m going to be there till the end. 
DR: I look over at the rest of NeoScum and I see the disappointment on their face. 
BB: Oh no. Z’s just shrugging. 
MM: Z’s pretending not be disappointed by shrugging. But his social hacking skills are okay. And then Dak pulls out his gun and shoots Beel Z. Bub point blank range. No, I’m just playing. I’m just kidding. Y'all. I walk away and I say, 
DR: I’ll talk to you later, my man. 
GR: I’m going to give Dak Rambo a moment. He walks outside of that stinky hospital. And it’s just him. And the sun has set and you’re smelling the smell of the Mississippi and the wildness that still exists in this America that you live. And you just take in all that feeling and all that nice stuff. And you look up to the sky. 
MM: So, Dak after this recent NeoScum triumph, he has this moment to himself. And he takes out his com and he just wants to tell somebody about it. And he pulls his com out and he goes down to his contacts and he goes to Shirley Guzman’s name in his contacts. And he clears his throat and gets ready to dial, to press that button, to call Shirley Guzman, just to tell her how he’s doing. And he doesn’t. She doesn’t want to hear from him. And Dak Rambo’s just no good. And he looks up in the sky and he sees a cloud. And that cloud looks like his good buddy, big buddy Rhon. And Rhon smiles down at him as a big cloud man and gives him a thumbs up. And Dak gives him a thumbs up too. And then there’s another cloud, and that cloud is Beans. And Beans looks at Dak and says, “I’m dead 1,000% dead and in hell.” 
CT: And there’s a third cloud and it’s Dak Rambo. And he says, “I’m Dak Rambo!” 
MM: And then Dak Rambo goes, 
DR: No, I’m Dak Rambo. 
CT: And the cloud steps down from the sky and starts swinging punches at Dak. 
MM: Yeah, Dak’s swinging punches back and Rhon is helping him out by trying to get him in a big head lock. Oh, but then Beans is there and Beans punches cloud Dak Rambo in the dick.
BB: Z walks up right behind Dak, puts his gun to his head and just says, 
GR: Doctor Ba walks up behind you and says, 
DB: Hey, you guys were carrying harvested organs in here the whole time? You never mentioned that? 
TW: What? 
Z: What? 
GR: He’s pointing at the container that you guys were shipping to Los Angeles. 
TW: You opened the container? 
Z: You opened it? 
DB: No, no, you guys...
P: He knows. 
DB: That came from Peoria, right? 
DR, TW, and Z: Yeah. 
DB: Those are a bunch of clone bodies in there. We could’ve used those. We could have just used those. 
DR: What? 
DB: Hey, who’s ready to party? 
GR: End episode. 
CT: Jesus.
MM: I’m ready to work. 
BB: Z has a 20 minute flashback.
CT: Oh, did we want to do any sort of quick warm up thing? 
MM: Yes. 
GR: Yeah, I’m feeling pretty cold. 
CT: Let’s stand up though and do it and then—
MM: Do you guys want to do a pattern game? A fun pattern game? 
ES: I was gonna zip boots and I’m not going to. I’m going to unzip my boots. Not going to zip my boots. 
ES, CT, MM, BB, GR: I’m not going to zip my boots. I’m not going to zip my boots. I’m not going to zip my boots. 
CT: Do you guys want to play a quick round of I’m not going to zip boots? 
ES: Yeah. 
ES, CT, MM, BB, GR: I’m not going to zip my boots. I’m not going to zip my boots. I’m not going zip my boots. I’m not going to zip my boots. 
CT: This is the white gold Michelle Pfeiff- not gonna zip my boots. Not going to zip my boots. 
ES, CT, MM, GR: Not going to zip my boots. 
GR: This is the white gold Michelle Pfeiff- not going to zip my boots today
ES: Going to zip my boots. 
MM: Now This is the white gold Michelle Pfeiffer. Not going to zip my boots. 
ES, CT, MM, BB, GR: I’m not gonna zip my boots.
BB: Going to zip, going to zip my boots. Yeah.
ES: I’m not going to zip my boots. 
CT: It was pretty good. 
BB: I feel pretty warm. If you like NeoScum, check out other One Shot Network shows like The One Shot Podcast. One Shot is an actual play podcast where host James Dimatto leads a rotating cast of improvisers, game designers, and other notable nerds through a variety of roleplaying games. Every month, One Shot plays a new game with a new cast of players. And, if you check the episode featuring Cthulhu Dark, you’ll see our boys Gannon, Casey, and Mike slinging some actual play goodness on that front. 

[EPISODEBREAK17]

BB: Character creation and management tools for NeoScum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf Development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information.
GR: Okay so are we ready to start now?
MM: Hell yeah.
GR: I’m so fucking caffeinated. So fucking caffeinated I’m just like cruising in the fucking blood zone.
CT: Dude—
GR: It’s dark. It’s really dark.
MM: Do you wanna come?
GR: No, it’s the opposite, I never want to come again.
CT: Wow.
GR: I have become pure dark energy. I’m twisted now like Joker-style Suicide Squad. Really just--
CT: Oh my god. 
MM: You’re damaged?
BB: So he’s a fapstronaut now.
MM: Ooh, he’s a fapstronaut. He’s not coming back down to orbit.
GR: No, no fap, no fap.
CT: That’s so brave of you.
GR: Thank you.
MM: Do you ever think that the Earth uses the equator to jack off? 
CT: No, because the Earth is flat, stupid.
MM: You’re right. I thought that the whole Earth was a thing. I’m so caffeinated. Gannon, right there with you in hell.
GR: It is afternoon. Camera, it’s like one of those fast swooping cameras. Camera goes into the IASSed Hannibal Coop Hospital. Goes right up to Doctor Ba. 
B: Okay. So. We got Max here. He’s gonna be okay, but we are faced with a sort of crossroad moment if you will, currently. 
GR: He’s pointing to Max, who is asleep on the cot.
DR: What’s up, doc, you’re gonna give him robo legs?
B: That was what I was gonna ask you. I figured as the guardian types, you guys should be the ones to decide. We can give him, for free, used prosthetic, that’s standard. People tend to be kind of spooked out by that, because used prostheses obviously come the dead.
DR: English. What’s a “pro thesis”?
B: It’s a, like a fake, you know, like a robot arm, robot leg, but it came from someone who used it previously. We can give a standard robot arm and leg. You know, we’d love to be able to just give it to you for free for all the help you’ve just done us but we’re gonna have to do it at a discount.
DR: What’s option two?
B: That’s the standard. For option one’s used, option two’s standard, option three, for the real cream of the crop, is you can get bioware. Which is almost...You can’t even tell that it’s fake. Well, that piece of biotechnology that works just like his old body parts, but at a much steeper price.
DR: Can you get him a giant cannon-hand? 
B: No I can’t. We don’t have that.
Z: I was just gonna say if we do end up getting him like some robot stuff, I can probably look into maybe upgrading it a little bit, as well.
B: I should also add...I know this can be a sensitive topic, but is he magic sensitive?
Z: Not to our knowledge.
TW: No, he—
B: It’s definitely not—
Z: Tech, can you do a scan, real quick? You guys can scan for that kind of stuff, right?
DR: Yeah, you’ve got “magicdar”. Right?
Z: Can’t you—
TW: Wow, 2076, and we’re still doing this…
DR: I’ve got “magicdar” too. Hold on, lemme check.
MM: I just go and I squeeze his belly a little bit.
DR: Yeah, he’s magic. You can tell.
TW: He’s not, okay? My “magicdar” is not pinging at all. 
Z: What about you, Pox?
B: Okay, so he’s not magic, he’s not a technomancer. He’s just a regular little guy.
P: How much—
Z: Wow, wait, can you back up for a second? Did you say technomancer?
B: Yeah, do you guys know what a technomancer is? 
Z: Yeah, I mean—
TW: Is it like a tech wizard? Just kidding.
Z: It’s literally a tech wizard.
TW: Wait, what?
B: Yes. It’s actually literally a tech wizard. It’s someone who’s able to access the Matrix, ie the future internet or the present day. And I don’t know why I would call it the future internet. God, Doctor Ba you’ve done it again. Talking about someone who’s able to access the present day Matrix without the use of a comlink. The most basic explanation for what a technomancer is.
P: Wait so you’re saying he can do that?
DR: No, he’s just making sure that he’s not that. Because that would be incredibly rare. And if he was, it would make him sort of like a medieval witch.
B: It’s not a great time to be a technomancer, and it has never been a great time to be a technomancer. So…
Z: But when he was unconscious, he slipped into the Matrix and he said “brain Internet”, but I don’t know if he meant actually perceiving the Matrix through his brain, or if he had a cyberdeck when you guys were scanning him and stuff. Does he have...?
GR: Ba gives you a very sympathetic look. And sort of a look of sadness in his face and he nods his head and he says, 
B: You might not want to tell anyone this, but if you saw him in the Matrix while he was unconscious, he’s a technomancer.
TW: Jesus…
Z: Holy sh—
DR: You know what guys? I think I’m a technomancer too. Cause sometimes, when I smoke my space weed, I swear to God I go into computers.
Pox: Mmmh…
B: If he’s a technomancer, know that if we give him cybernetic augmentation it’s gonna take away from his ability to be a technomancer. Some people wouldn’t see that as a bad thing, I mean that’s why some people are technomancers just try and become, full, lack of a better word, robo, sorry to be un-PC.
P: Why don’t we do the free option, and then when he wakes up, he can make that choice.
DR: The free option is sort of magically castrating him, if he were a technomancer.
TW: All of them are.
P: Oh there—
B: It’s permanent.
DK: But the bio one. Is that the least invasive to his…?
B: Technically, the least invasive would be to not add anything.
Z: Right. Is there—
B: But the bioware would be the least invasive.
Z: This operation, is this life saving? Or is this just replacing limbs?
B: Depends on how highly you consider your arm and leg.
DR: And let me get this straight, we have to to perform the operation?
B: We have that taken care of.
DR: Well thank God because I don’t want to—
P: Well, can we wait til he wakes up?
TW: I don’t know when that’s gonna be.
Z: Can I talk to him?
B: Yeah, you can talk to him.
Z: In the Matrix?
TW: Wow.
P: Yeah!
DR: Can you bring us?
DR: Maybe his sister’s…his sister’s brother.
Z: Well, none of you have cyberdecks. So I can’t—
B: I don’t mean to interrupt you, but before you bring out the option, I should probably throw out the prices at you, just so you maybe you know this is something you can do, before you bring it up as a possibility.
TW: Sure.
Z: Okay.
B: And these are highly discounted prices, highly. But it’s as low as we can go.
DR: How much?
B: 15,000 for a standard, 45,000 for bioware.
MM: But didn’t we have to not pay for the standard?
BB: There’s a free janky used option, which is free.
MM: Ah yeah.
BB: 15 is buying a robot part, at cost and then 45 is bioware.
GR: Used is the biggest damage towards essence, which is what he needs to access the matrix.
DR: And if we give him nada, and just get him in a bag and carry him around on our shoulders. You pay us? J-play. But could he survive like that?
B: Yeah.
DR: Until we got to a doctor with better prices?
B: You’re not gonna find a doctor with better prices.
TW: I don’t think, for me, the price isn’t the issue. I think we need to talk to Max.
Z: I feel like being straight up with you guys. If I was a technomancer, and I lived my whole life swimming around in the matrix, and all of a sudden, I couldn’t do that, that would be worse than losing an arm.
P: Here’s the other thing. Do we have enough money?
Z: Not for bioware.
DR: I’ve got some money I’ve never told you guys about, but it’s back in Chicago. But, seriously I forgot to unbury it. Guys, the money is not the issue, I was just trying to get one over on this fucking doctor.
P: Are we sure the money’s not the issue?
DR: Don’t try to make it seem like Dak Rambo’s not willing to pay top shelf for his sister’s kid Max.
P: But do we have the money?
Z: Right. I think Pox is just saying if we split up 45 four ways, I—
P: I’m not saying that wouldn’t be willing. I have 6.000 nuyen to my name.
TW: Let’s find out what Max wants.
DR: Talk to Max. Z?
TW: Just project a video feed of all of us.
DR: Ooh, can you do that?
Z: In to the Matrix?
TW: Yeah.
Z: Yeah, okay. And then I’ll just say out loud everything he’s saying.
DR: Be a translator.
P: Okay.
Z: Yeah. And he’ll hear what you say but you can only hear him through what I say.
DR: I think we get it.
P: Oh, okay.
TW: Okay.
DR: This is fun.
Z: You guys will be like listening to your parents on a phone call with somebody.
. That’s what it’s gonna feel like.
DR: I’ll translate what Blair... what Zenith is saying to the rest of the group.
BB: Zenith hops into his own feed, I guess. And sort of probes through the Matrix, towards Max’s brain and see if I can rouse him.
GR: You hop into the Matrix and sure enough you can see, bing, bing, bing, like a little Max floating around, going through some websites, looking at entertainment news.
Z: Hey, hey Max.
ME: Oh hey there. Yeah. Hey.
Z: Hey buddy. How are you feeling?
ME: You know, just waiting to see the situation, a little nervous.
Z: Yeah, here’s the deal. We’re kind at a crossroad with like what to do with your meat, if you know what I mean.
ME: Oh. My—
Z: Your meatbag.
ME: My penis?
Z: No, no, no. I mean, that’s what we Deckers call you body.
ME: Okay.
Z: Everything that exists outside of the matrix.
ME: Okay.
Z: Someday I’ll teach you all this stuff, I swear. When we get you up and running as a shadowrunner.
ME: Sure!
Z: Anyway, guys, should I just...I’m just gonna drop it on him.
DR: Hey, Z, I just realized, we totally have that cooler filled with clone arms. We’re supposed to use that for some shadowrun mission but I don’t have any problems opening that up and giving the....
Z: As soon as he mentions the tank, Zenith has a blank look come over his eyes, and a single tear rolls out of his human eye.
DR: Oh it looks like you got a glitch there.
Z: Hey! Sorry. You really think it’s safe for us to open up the pod?
P: No!
DR: Why? Why do you say no?
P: Because we’re not supposed to open it up.
DR: Or we just give Max second-hand prosthetic.
P: Cause we can’t afford the other thing. Is that what you saying?
GR: Doctor Ba comes out.
B: Didn’t mean to overhear. But the prosthetics, these are highly technical prosthetics. You can’t just take an arm off a clone and stick on a body and say, “Okay, it’s good”.
Z: Even with magic?
B: I mean not unless there’s a magic I don’t know.
BB: I pop back in.
ME: Ooh?
Z: Hey, sorry, we got a little distracted there. Can you see everyone through my ocular drone right now?
ME: Yeah, I can see everyone through your ocular drone.
Z: I figure I’d give you access. Hey! Don’t grab control. It’s not— 
P: Everybody waves.
Z: It’s not a toy. 
ME: Okay. Sorry about it.
Z: You don’t get to wave it around and do stuff like that.
ME: Okay.
Z: Look, listen, Max, you’re down an arm and a leg. 
ME: Yeah.
Z: Okay?
ME: Okay.
Z: You get that?
ME: Yeah.
Z: How much do you like your arms and your legs?
ME: A lot!
Z: Okay, alright. Well, here’s the deal—
ME: So I’m gonna get some a, for lack of a better word, robo limbs?
Z: Yes. But you’re also—
ME: That sounds pretty cool. I’ve honestly always wanted robo limbs.
Z: Okay. You know what, Max?—
ME: It’s cool, there’s like this action movie “Tongergorg With the Fighting Trinity.”
Z: Max, can you listen to me for a second?
ME: I love those old holovids. Yeah?
Z: Max, here’s the problem: you’re a technomancer.
ME: Wha-wha…I can’t be one of...those guys are bad.
Z: I know, they’re not bad. They’re—
ME: Cyber terrorists, some call them.
Z: Okay, well, a lot of them are that. And that’s real. And those people are still evil, but, listen, you can use magic in your brain to access the Internet. That’s what you're doing right now.
ME: That’s just regular brain Internet, everyone’s got one of those. I’ve always assumed.
Z: No, no, no. Look at me. Look at how manifest myself in the Matrix. You see all these tiny cubes that my whole icon is made out of? Look at this persona, look at this.
ME: Yeah but that’s just because you’re not using your brain Internet.
Z: No, I don’t have a brain Internet. I do have a piece of hardware inside of my brain that allows me to access the internet. You are doing this by using magic.
ME: Oh…Hold up.
Z: Okay, what?
ME: Woah.
Z: Yeah. Need a minute? Can you stop looking at whatever that video is?
ME: I can’t...
Z: Come on, close the window.
ME: This is “15 Craziest Nips Slips.”
Z: Okay, close the window!
ME: B-b-babes!
BB: I don’t even know, okay, can I—
DR: My sister’s kid… what’s he looking at? Tell me there’s boobs.
Z: He’s just looking at porn while I try to have this conversation with him.
MM: Dak Rambo’s looking at porn on his com right now. How’s it going? What? What’s that?
Z: Okay, you know what, Max? I don’t know how to explain this to you. Give me one sec.
BB: And then Z floats his ocular drone to just closeup on Tech’s face and then I tell him,
Z: Tech, this is a magic-user conversation.
TW: Alright. Hey bud!
ME: Hey.
TW: I want, I can’t hear. Did he say anything?
Z: He said, “Hey.”
TW: Cool.
Z: I think he’s just listening, okay?
TW: Well, first of all I want to apologize for ball-tapping you while I was strung out on alpha drugs—
Z: He just smiled a little bit.
TW: That wasn’t me and I wasn’t like super familiar with Technomancers before this, but if there’s one thing I know it’s about being born a magic-user. I’ve had the ability to use magic since I was a little kid, and it’s been something that people I’ve wanted me to avoid. And it’s been something that I’ve faced a lot of judgment about. But, the point I’m trying to make is not until the past couple months when I met Dak and since I’ve been hanging out with these guys, have I ever truly felt like I had a purpose in my life? And that’s because magic is the truest thing about me. And honestly, I would give up every fucking limb I have to be who I really am on the inside, which is a wizard. So, I don’t know if that means anything to you, but, I don’t know, I’m rambling. Look, just think about it.
Z: Tech, you can’t cry in the Matrix but he’s looking pretty sad. 
MM: Dak has stopped looking at the porno video, because he was listening to that.
GR: Max has turned off the “15 Biggest Nips Slips.”
BB: Was it because it’s over or because he’s concentrating?
GR: It’s hard to say.
TW: Just be true to yourself, Max. That’s all. 
ME: Well, I really do want an arm and a leg. But maybe...I don’t know, this is a very hard decision to make. How much time do I have to make it?
Z: Hey, Doctor Ba, how much time does he have to make this decision?
B: Well, might I ask how did he get this injury?
DR: He fell down some stairs.
P: There was a rat.
B: Okay, because hypothetically—
Z: And then there was a grenade at the bottom of the stairs.
P: Yeah.
DR: We all work at a grenade factory, and we live on the top floor.
TW: You don’t want to fall on the grenade.
Z: I mean he knows... Ba knows we’re shadowrunners, okay man?
TW: Yah, we’re shadowrunners. It was a grenade.
Z: Yeah.
DR: So: they’re shadowrunners, me and my sister’s kid are grenade factory workers.
Z: What were you saying?
B: Sometimes, in this area people get, for a lack of a better word, grudges, say and a person might hunt another person down, right? 
ME: Shhhhh. 
Z: Oh, sorry, Max is watching some other vids and they’re streaming through my ocular drone.
ME: Oops.
DR: What a second: what do you mean when you say, “Grudges”? I mean, we already got a shit ton of dudes that are trying to kill us for the stuff we’ve done. 
B: Okay…
DR: Who hates us here?
TW: Are you trying to say—
B: Is someone chasing you right now?
DR: Look—
P: Someone’s always chasing us. Yeah.
DR: The manager of the grenade factory, He’s on my ass.
B: Look, you can take as much time as you need, but…
Z: You’re saying if we want to get on the road. You want us out of your hair.
B: Yeah. 
TW: That’s fair. 
P: Can I say something to Max? 
Z: Yeah, here.
P: Hello. 
ME: Hello. 
P: Hello. 
Z: He says hello. 
P: Oh, hello. 
ME: Hello. 
Z: He’s watching. 
ME: I’m here. 
P: Hi. 
Z: I’m also making sure he can’t open anymore windows on us. 
P: Hello, Max. 
ME: Hey, hello. 
P: Hello. 
ME: Hello, Pox. 
P: Hi, Max.
ME: Hello, Pox.
DR: Are you guys done? 
P: Anyway, so, Max, just choose the really expensive one and then you can do everything and you’ll be fine, okay? Just do it. 
ME: Okay, that sounds--
TW: Wait, wait, I--
ME: That seems like a pretty good option. 
TW: I don't know what Max is saying, but that's not true. 
P: What? That’s the least invasive thing. 
ME: Sounds like a pretty good option. 
TW: It’s least invasive, but it’s still invasive. 
MM: Can someone pull up Hero Lab? 
P: Oh, so you think that he should have no limbs? 
Z: Yeah, let me--
MM: Can someone pull up Hero Lab...
TW: He still has limbs. 
MM: and figure out what the essence penalty is? Because it might be minus one. 
P: Yeah, and then he can still run around and stuff. 
DR: He just has less broadband. Because you have a robo hog, right Tech? 
Z: Yeah, you got a little essence that’s down the drain.
DR: Or big essence if you know what I’m saying. Trust me. Have you guys seen what’s under this man’s hood? 
P: Dang. 
DR: You got a Nimbus 9,000,000. Blau.
GR: According to this…
BB: That thing’s big enough for me to hack. 
GR: no essence loss. 
BB: Oh, for bioware? 
GR: Yeah, according to this. Yeah. 
BB Zenith then turns around and he’s like, 
Z: Okay, actually, there’s no essence loss. 
TW: Oh what? Really? 
Z: For bioware. 
P: Just choose the bioware obviously. 
TW: Oh shit. Yeah. 
DR: Doctor Ba, can we trade the pod of fancy meat…
Z: Wait, Pox. What’s up? You look nervous. 
P: Why are you trading the pod? This is not where the pod goes. 
Z: But what if we don’t have money to afford the bioware? 
P: Well, how much money do we have? Why don’t we figure that out. 
DR: We got 10,000 nuyen from the dead Devil Ladies. 
P: Well, now I’m including that in my 6,700 is the 2,500 that I have from that. 
Z: Yeah, Pox did the math real quick pretty much as soon as we found the nuyuen. 
P: I was like 2,500 for me and I took it so…
DR: I’ve got a huge head-sized nugget of fool’s gold in the…
Z: Okay, we’re not going to trick this dude. He’s doing a good thing. 
P: How about this? Could we trade something? 
TW: Or wire you collateral or something? 
P: Yeah. 
B: Okay, what’s the collateral? 
Z: What do you guys think about…?
DR: I’m not giving them Xanadu. Don’t even say it. 
Z: I was just going to say maybe the title to Xanadu as a promise we’ll pay for in the future? 
DR: I’m not changing Xanadu’s name, but--
Z: No, no, no. 
P: But we can put an ad for your clinic on the side of Xanadu? 
DR: Honestly, guys, I don’t see what the big deal is about giving him the pod. The payout is not even that much and we found out that it’s probably ill-gotten anyway. I’m already f’ed on the Trucker’s League. 
TW: Would you accept the pod? 
B: It could take about 15,000 off. 
TW: 15,000 off? 
DR: What? That’s bullshit. That pod is worth 37,000 nuyen and I’m getting f’ed on the deal too. I know that shit’s probably worth about 500,000 nuyen. Where the hell do you find fake clone arms or gadgets like that? It’s cold when you touch it, damnit. 
P: Have we got Rhon’s bike? 
TW: I was just thinking do have an--
DR: We buried Rhon’s bike in between episodes. 
Z: Oh why did we do that? 
P: Why did we do that? We could have traded it right now. 
Z: That seems like 100,000 nuyen... 
TW: That is so like--
Z: based on just quick math I’m doing in my head. 
DR: Can I give him my arm? 
B: No. 
Z: Uh, useless. 
P: Don’t you need your arm? 
DR: Can I give my arm and my leg? 
P: No, you fool. 
DR: I would do it though. 
P: I know. That’s the problem. 
MM: Dak knew you guys wouldn’t want it to do. Wouldn't want it to do. 
ES: No one would have want it to do. 
P: How much can you do for just the leg? 
Z: Great question, Pox. 
TW: Great question. 
P: I mean, if he’s got two legs, it’s better than--
Z: We can always buy him an arm later. 
P: Yeah, exactly. 
DR: Doctor Ba--
B: 3,000. 20,000. 
P: 20,000? We can do that. 
DR: 25? 
Z: So, that’s 5,000 each. 
DR: I can swing that. 
P: Yeah. 
Z: Because you just got the--
P: Because you have 3,300. I have 6,700. 
Z: Oh wow, that adds up exactly to 10,000. 
P: So, that’s 10,000. We’ll each give all of our nuyen and you’ve got 3,000. 
DR: Put what you’re going to pay in the hat. Passing it around. 
Z: It’s all in cred sticks. 
DR: Yep, put your cred sticks in my hat. 
P: That’s all my money, so here you go. 
Z: That’s also all my money. 
P: Z’s using all of his money. 
TW: Let’s say we all have no money now.
Z: That’s such a cleaner way to do this. Can we just all have no money at the end of this? 
GR: Yeah, if that’s what you want to do. 
MM: Guys, can we just say I just like the image of Dak taking off his hat and us putting our cred sticks in it and giving Doctor Ba this trucker hat that says, “Baby on Board.” And there’s a baby on a surf board on the front filled, with dirty cred sticks. Dak’s was like covered in Cheeto dust…
BB: And there’s some cash. 
MM: There’s som cash. There’s some coins. 
CT: Pox’s, all of her pockets are turned inside out. 
ES: All of Pox’s pockets are turned inside out and there’s a heap of junk on the floor now, because there was a...she got a ton of shit in there. 
BB: So, she’s quickly putting it all back in the pockets. 
CT: Tech Wizard was fiddling through his fanny pack, searching the cred stick at the bottom. 
BB: Zenith literally has a slot on his arm that just, a cred stick comes out and just goes and then drops into the hat. 
MM: Like a little Coinstar. Dak puts one hot pink latex non spermicidal lube condom in the hat. 
GR: Doctor Ba reaches into the hat and takes the spermicidal lube out and puts in down politely and takes all the cred sticks back. 
P: Spermicidal lube condom. 
DR: There’s no spermicidal lube. Doctor Ba just spoke. 
P: Good, I was going to say that’s an irritant. That’s awful. 
DR: I never use it. 
P: Don’t use that. 
DR: I’ve got a lot of sons.
GR: He comes back and he says, 
B: You guys have done truly heroic things today. We’ll be able to get this leg good and ready within about two hours. 
DR: Cool, so you’re saying we got two hours to kill? 
B: Yeah. 
DR: Do you have a game room?
B: Do we have a gameroom? 
DR: Yeah. 
B: We sure do. 
P: Wow. Why didn’t we…?
CT: Cut to them all taking a short rest on the couch of the game room?
MM: Yeah, we’re all asleep. Oooh, and the bing bings of the arcade games. 
BB: Yeah, there’s two kids and their dad is super injured from the dragon attack and there’s two kids killing time and they’re playing air hockey with each other while we try sleep on the couch. But of course we’re so tired, that we’re just sleeping straight through it. 
MM: Dak only needs a ten minute sleep because of his sleep regulator that he has. So, he spends the rest of the time doing pushup.
BB: His strength is now eight. 
MM: His strength is now eight and his bond with Max is increased by three.
CT: Can your…? Never mind. 
MM: No, Casey?
BB: Can you play one round of air hockey with the little kids? 
CT: Yeah. 
MM: Dak gets up from his pushups after seeing that the little kids weren’t watching him do pushups and he goes, 
DR: Is there room for one more? Or are you guys already pick sides? 
GR: They’re shy, but they will let you play with them. 
MM: And then Dak takes it way too seriously. Is way too competitive and just starts destroying these kids. 
BB: Is it one or two? Like them on one side of the gaol and then you playing against them? 
MM: We started me with one of the kids on my team playing just one kid and then I made him get on the other side. 
DR: You guys can’t beat me. Aha! I’m Dak Rambo!
GR: Blam, blam, wham, wham. 
MM: Goal. Goal. 
GR: Points, points, points…
MM: Dak takes his shirt off and starts doing touchdown celebrations. He gets on the ground and starts acting like bacon. He’s like, 
DR: Ha, I’m sizzling. I’m too hot. 
CT: The dad comes back in the game room. 
DR: No shirt on. 
BB: Limping. 
GR: Limping. 
ID: What the fuck are you doing? 
GR: One eye. 
ES: No, God. 
BB: Covered in burns. 
ID: What are you doing with your shirt off in front of my children? 
DR: Oh, these are your children? 
ID: These are my ki… get over here, Scamgo and Chonk. 
DR: Little Chonk right there just took this L on a bladder. 
BB: Don’t call a son by his name. 
S: Dad, this guy is a mean guy. 
C: Hey, Dad. Can you get this weird trucker dude away from us? 
ID: Look, I’m limping and I have no depth perception, but I might kick your ass, buddy. 
DR: Hey, I might let you because I’m crazy and I fucking love that. 
C: Dad, this guy’s super serious. He’ll fucking eat you alive. 
DR: Do you want to play me in this game? I just beat your boys and I’m about to bea you. 
S: Don’t even do it, Dad. 
DR: And then I’m going to find your dad and beat him. 
C: Dad, come on. 
S: Don’t do it, dad. 
DR: We roll an inordinate amount of dice. 
S: Ah, the dad gets all the hits. 
MM: I got a 39. 
S: Dad gets more hit than that. 
C: Yeahk, I hope he…
CT: Oh, 40. Wow. Even 40. 
MM: Oh my God. Are you kidding me?
S: Woah, Dad. 
CT: Yeah. 
MM: That’s some bullshit. 
C: Oh, hell yeah. Kick his ass. 
S: Kick his ass, Dad. 
MM: Dak starts bleeding. His nose is bleeding as he’s getting scored on. 
DR: Bullshit. I’m tired because I beat your kids first. Let's both take a 10 minute nape and then I’ll see you in 11. 
ID: Okay. 
BB: And then after the 10 minute nap is miraculously when the rest of NeoScum wakes up. 
CT: And the dad just leaves with his kids. Just goes to his car. 
MM: Dak leaves with him and the kids and they all go back and they’re friends now. Right? Hey buddies? We’re good now? 
GR: Doctor Ba is smiling, sweating profusely with surgeon Max kneeling. 
B: Ladies and Gentlemen, presenting Max 2.0. 
GR: And he points to Max. On arm. One arm, one arm is just not there. Just a loose sleeve, but two healthy looking legs. 
ME: I really thought I was going to get an arm, but this is great. I love this leg. 
DR: If it isn’t my sister’s kid. The one-armed bandit. Woo! Someone just got a shadowrun name. 
MM: Dak dabs. 
ME: Wow. Okay. 
TW: We left you one to jacket, you know what i’m saying.? 
DR: Hey, that’s my sister’s kid. 
ME: I am a righty. 
Z: They asked us if we wanted to take one of the arms off and put it one your head and we spared you that. Kiddo. 
ME: Thank you so much for that. 
P: Here’s the thing--
TW: Yeah, it’s too bad they couldn't get rid of those pimples.
Z: You have pizza face? 
DR: Hey, look who’s talking. This guy’s got pimples all in his eye socket. 
P: You’re a very handsome Max. You’re very handsome. Don’t let them say that to you. 
DR: Max--
ME: Oh thanks, Pox. 
P: We’re going to get you an arm. 
ME: Okay!
P: Don’t smile at me like that. Ewww. 
DR: You’re kind of… Yeah, that’s my sister’s kid. Hey, Max. Buddy, give me a one-armed hug right here. 
ME: Okay. 
GR: He goes and he gives you a one-armed hug. 
DR: I’m never going to let anything bad happen to you again, you hear me? 
ME: I hear you. 
DR: You stay in my sight from now on and you’re going to be a shadowrunner like me and we’re going to both live forever and we’re going to get fucking rich. Do you want to get rich, Max? 
ME: I want the fucking green. 
DR: You’re 17 now? 
ME: 19. 
DR: You’re 19 now? 
ME: 99% sure I said 19. Take two in case I said 17. 
DR: You’re 17? 
ME: Yes. 
DR: And you’re about to be the goddamn best shadowrunner that a 17 year old has ever been. 
ME: Yeah. 
TW: You should do a takeaway. You say 19 year olds, everyone?
GR: We know we’re, he’s just going to use both but…. 
DR: You're the best 19 year old I know and you have great, you’re so good. And I love you. 
ME: I love you, too and I believe you and you know what? You’re my hero. 
BB: Can we do one take where just in case Max is 30? 
ES: I think you’re 16.
DR: How old are you, Max? 
P: 15? 
DR: Let me see your driver’s license. 
GR: He pulls out his driver's license. Driver’s license says, 30. 
DR: What the hell? 
CT: It was 30. 
P: You’ve been older than us? 
BB: It says 33. Yeah. 
CT: It’s so mean. 
ME: It’s a fake. It’s a fake. 
DR: Oh. Yeah, that’s right. You know he’s got some Rambo in him. 
P: Clever. 
TW: Yeah, who needs the details? 
Z: Guys, I do think they probably want us to leave based off --
ME: Just a sec. I want to say one thing for important purposes. 
GR: He makes brutal eye contact with you Dak and he says, 
ME: You’re my biggest hero. And I believe you beyond all things. 
GR: And in this moment, a powerful bond that was already there. A strong burning in Dak Rambo’s heart. He feels it really strong and he knows that this point, that no one is going to hurt this kid.
MM: Oh my God. And just then in Dak Rambo’s vision, on the top left, I see a huge medal pop up. And it says, “1,000 points. My Sister’s kid. XBox Achievement unlocked.” 
GR: There’s going to be a technical rule attached to this. This is known as a code of honor. If Dak Rambo sees or lets Max get hurt or wounded, he can’t let that happen. There’s darn consequences for that. You can look it up on the freaking Internet. 
MM: Sort of like elves, Pox is about elves. 
GR: Yeah, exactly. And one for…
BB: And this is more injured than he already is, correct? 
GR: Correct. This is zero point right now. 
MM: Yeah, Dak immediately goes insane and kills the air hockey kids. 
TW: Did you guys just level your S-link right now? 
Z: Yeah, you guys high five in a way that was very choreographed. 
DR: Oh, that you guys like that? We just planned it out just now, in the moment. 
P: Wow, you planned it out in the moment. 
DR: Hey, Pox. Guess what? My brain isn’t really working right now because it’s completely filled with happiness about me and my sister’s kid rolling down the street with our wild child ride.
P: Well, if you’re filled with happiness, why are you so yelling at me? Why are you yelling at me if you’re filled happiness? 
TW: Yeah, that’s...Stop, stop. 
DR: Yeah, look at me. This is the sound of someone yelling. 
P: Yeah, you’re yelling. 
DR: listen to my soft yelling voice. I’m Dak Rambo. 
TW: Guys…
P: Yell. 
DR: I’m calm as shit. 
ME: Guys, can we…
TW: Can we stop? 
Z: Guys, I said this before, but Doctor Ba really wanted us to get out of here. 
ES: He threw a dice at me.
CT: Threw a what? 
ES: A die. 
DR: Alright, Doctor Ba, thanks for pimping out my kid.... Ah, my kid. My sister’s kid. 
MM: Dak goes real red in the face. 
DR: I just misspoke. It’s my sister’s kid. I just forgot to say sister’s. 
B: You know what we call that here in the medical profession? Real Jenny Slate moment. 
Z: Nice. You guys are fucking hilarious at this hospital by the way. 
B: Yeah, we’re socialists. We wear comedy. 
P: You got a game room and everything. 
Z: I do have one question, speaking of your sister, Dak. 
DR: Yeah. 
Z: What is she going to think when we take Max back to her and she sees him minus one arm? 
DR: I don’t know. Max, what do you think your Mom is going to think about that? 
ME: She’s probably going to be pissed. I mean, yeah. Could get really mad at me. At you. 
Z: Should we make sure we get you an arm before we take you back? 
ME: I think that might be best. 
DR: Do you want an arm or do you kind of like the thing you got going on now? I know you just got it, but....
ME: It’s honestly like super disturbing, and I’m still kind of dealing with it. If I had the chance to have an arm, that would help out because honestly this is really freaky. 
DR: So, kind of like a maybe, huh? 
ME: I really do, I would like an arm. 
TW: You can be the two-armed bandit. 
DR: Still undetermined. We don't know if he wants an arm or not. 
P: He wants one. 
ME: It’s really scary the more I think about it. 
Z: We’ll roll with the punches and see if we get an arm, maybe. 
ME: Really scary. 
P: Don’t be scared. 
DR: We’ll keep our eyes open. You’re going to be fine Max. If you want another arm, I’m sure We’ll find a treasure chest with an arm inside. 
P: We’re going to find it. 
BB: Yeah, we have a great GM and he sets us up for all kinds of cool stuff. 
MM: Yeah, he always makes sure there’s justice in the world, so I’m pretty sure you’re going to get an arm, buddy. 
ES: We believe in him and only him. 
Z: If we don’t find an arm, it’s his fault. 
DR: Yeah, and another thing is that this guys Beans? Oh, he’s dead. 
P: And the other thing is that I’ve been wanting a dog, but a dog just has wandered up yet. 
Z: Oh, look at that. Over there. It’s 10 dogs. 
P Oh my God. It’s 10 dogs!
DR: Doctor Ba, you really got to get these dogs out of here. It’s filthy. 
ES: Oooh, Gannon. Do I get to keep a dog? 
GR: There’s a dog. Wanders up to you. A little boy runs around the corner. 
C: Oh, it’s Skippy. Hey, Skippy. I didn’t know where you went. Hey boy. 
GR: And he pets the dog. 
C: I love you so much. 
P: Oh, is this your dog? 
C: Yes, I saved him from the drake. 
P: Oh. 
ES: Pox--
DR: What’s up, Chonk? You want to see me on the air hockey court again? 
C: No. 
GR: And he picks up the dog and then he runs off. 
DR: Shit, we could have played for that dog.
TRW: Can we get in the fucking car and go to L.A. please? 
MM: Yes. 
BB: ANd we’re in L.A. Bag and Raiders plays and we’re in L.A. 
MM: We’re at Manwelders bungalow. 
BB: It’s been 14 days since…
DR: It’s Halloween now.
GR: I ain’t letting you guys off that easy. So, you guys are leaving. You hop into Xanadu and you start to get ready to leave.
MM: What time of day is it? 
GR: Oh yeah. Important. It’s evening now. It’s about 6 pm. 
DR: Z, would you mind pulling that Ghost Highway map up and seeing what the next big destination is? 
Z: Hell yeah. Here it is, guys. 
BB: And then Z pulls up his mapsoft and routes it through his ocular drone. Projects it on the inside of the cabin. 
GR: Yes, the next stop is going to be Kansas City, specifically, the northern suburb. Kansas City is a known den of iniquity. Really brutal place. It’s kind of like the stomping grounds for both the Ghost Riders and Devil Girls. The northern area’s hotly contested. One week it’s Devil Girls, one it’s week it’s Ghost Riders. Not sure which it’s going to be, but you’re pretty going to have to pass though that unless you want to do some really some dangerous heavy duty off roading. And the mapsoft doesn’t have any information on what off roading might be. 
DR: Well, I think we're probably not in the good graces of either of those groups, specifically the Devil Ladies, because…
Z: Because we did the whole Fruit Ninja thing on that one. I mean Pox did it, but we were all there. 
P: I ain’t afraid of no Devil Ladies. 
TW: Oh, that was pretty cool. 
DR: That was cool. Look, Xanadu’s not great at off roading stuff, but I meant I’m a great driver and I just realized I have an attribute called Gearhead that lets me ball out any time I want to pretty much. 
Z: I do feel like, what are the chances that we get caught on the way? And you guys really think we can’t handle whatever people are throwing at us? 
TW: Yeah, frankly, I just feel like I don’t want to have another battle with Ghost Riders and Devil Girls from Xanadu. And that’s a Tech Wizard thing. 
P: I got to say. There’s a part of me that thinks that no matter which way we go, something bad’s going to happen. 
Z: That’s kind of what I’m thinking too. 
DR: Maybe we’ve lost enough that ‘God’ will take it easy on us. 
P: Maybe. Doubtful. 
Z: Well, I feel like what we should do…
CT: Kiss the like - 
P: I say we go to the off road. 
CT: Put it around your neck. 
P: Create our own path. 
MM: Yeah.
P: And then we’re going to hit a tree or something or…
DR: Oh shit. There’s a fucking river. 
Z: Oh and Xanadu’s amphibious? 
DR: It’s not amphibious, but we find ourselves a big-ass river boat. Stow way in the back. We pay the river captain a fee and he takes us up. I’ve seen smugglers do it all the time. Hell, the Hot Doggers were trying to get control of that river. 
P: I mean we get a really huge river boat that can fit us. 
TW: We have a trailer too. 
DR: This is just like the Corps of Discovery, that great, nope. Not talking about Lewis and Clarke on this podcast. Bam. 
GR: Are you guys talking about the river you’re right next to? 
Z: The Missouri River. 
GR: Mississippi River. That’s the one you’re right next to. 
CT: Guys, I will say one thing we have going for us is that every other truck in the Tristate Area has NeoScum painted on the side of it. 
Z: Because of that truck shop that we…? 
DR: That’s been really disconcerting. I keep thinking I’m having an out of body experience when I drive by them and I’m like, “Oh my God.” And then I almost crash. 
GR: How the hell is a truck that just got it painted on going to be in front of you? 
DR: They’ve been driving fast. 
CT: Because we’ve been stopping. 
BB: Yeah, it’s only been eight days since we have even met each other. 
P: I love you guys.
MM: We just found out because Gannon made a cool spreadsheet that this whole podcast has just been eight days. We’ve had fifteen, sixteen, seventeen episodes…
BB: And the cast has spent a collective 30 or 40 hours roleplaying this whole game together. 
P: Maybe more. 
MM: That’s just what you hear. We roleplay missions off camera. Off mic. 
BB: Some of them don’t make the cut, but all of them make the timeline.
ES: And this is a full eight days. Now a family after. 
CT: But we’re like so close, yeah. 
ES: Yeah, after eight days. 
GR: So, Max pops up. 
ME: Have you guys ever thought about getting an airplane? 
DR: I mean I haven’t. 
ME: They fly. 
DR: I have an airplane. 
ME: You have an airplane? 
P: What? 
DR: Yeah, I never told you about my airplane that I have. It’s in Italy. 
P: Does it fit? Well, that’s…
DR: It’s in Italy, but it’s waiting for me. It’s under a…
P: Utterly useless for us.
DR: It’s under a tarp in a field. 
ME: That sounds great. I would love to go to Italy. Oh, baguettes. Yum, yummy. 
DR: Max…
Z: That’s France, Max. 
DR: That’s France. 
ME: I want to go to France. 
P: Can he go in and hack the airplane and make it up and bring it over here? 
DR: Can you travel via your brain Internet to Italy and get in that airplane and fly it over here? 
Z: Yeah, let’s ask the fledgling technomancer to do this crazy Matrix action and not the experience Decker. 
DR: I just did. 
P: I was looking at Z. 
Z: Thank you.
ME: So, let me get this straight. So, sometimes I’ll jump into a device to see what it’s like, but it’s hard and it gives me a headache and one time I woke and my ear was bleeding. I just thought you weren’t supposed to do that, so I haven’t done that in a long time. 
Z: Yeah, well technically it’s illegal. 
ME: You know I was actually...And now that I think about that, when I was about six years old, I went a couple of states over, and I jumped in a guy’s cappuccino maker. And I woke up with a screaming headache and one of my baby teeth had fallen out. But I did get into it and it was three states over, so I suppose I could try to get into Italy. Get into an airplane and fly it over here. 
P: That sounds really dangerous. 
TW: Guys, I hate to be a buzzkill…
DR: IT’s a Boeing 777 named Hell Queen.
BB: And not a shadowrun universe plane? 
P: Wow, I love that. 
MM: It’s an antique, Blair.
BB: It’s only a - 
P: So, is it going to fly? 
BB: Hero Lab has a bunch of planes. 
P: Can it fit a truck inside it? 
DR: It’s a passenger plane--
P: So, no. 
DR: but it’s big inside is all velvet. 
P: Oh, wow. 
TW: If it’s a Boeing, then it will get here in approximately--
P: 12 days. 
TW: What? 20 hours? 
Z: It’s also going to need to meet us in at an air strip probably. 
TW: So, guys I think either way, we should probably just go to Los Angeles. 
ME: I’m in. 
P: Ghouls Gulch. 
DR: I got an air strip right here. 
TW: Wait, what? I’m sorry, Max. What? 
ME: I’m in. 
Z: You’re in the plane? 
P: You’re in the plane? 
ME: Yeah, I’m in a plane in Italy. And it’s flying right now. 
DR: Oh no. This--
ME: And there’s a lot of people screaming. 
Z: Oh my God! Jack out. Jack out!
P: Oh God. 
ME: Oh, oh, oh! Oh, I lost another baby tooth. 
DR: Max....
P: Why do have a baby tooth? 
DR: That’s not a baby tooth. 
GR: He’s got a tooth in his hand. 
DR: That’s an adult tooth. 
Z: Dude, you’re 19. What the hell? 
ME: Oh…
TW: The thing’s got a crown in it and everything. 
ME: Oh, it’ll probably grow back, right? 
DR: Yeah. 
P: No. 
TW: I don’t know, man. 
DR: Max, it’s 2077. We can get you a robo tooth. 
P: Here, I’ll take that. 
GR: He gives Pox his tooth. 
ES: She puts in her pocket. 
P: Thank you. 
DR: That’s weird.
Z: Look, just to expedite this decision-making process, there is an airfield in Kansas City, and if we want to fly to L.A., we could either find a plane, take a plane, steal a plane. Whatever we got to do to get to L.A. pretty expressly. 
DR: Guys, that’s great. And you know, even I’m thinking about it. What are we going to do with Xanadu? 
TW: That’s what I was saying. 
DR: I don’t have a tarp big enough to put over Xanadu, and I don’t trust any of the people that live around here, especially that Doctor Ba guy. I got bad vibes from him. 
Z: So, we got to drive the direct route to L.A. then, right? 
DR: Yeah, it stinks. 
P: Yep, let’s do it. 
MM: Let’s just fucking do it, guys. And Casey, cut this part from the episode. And we’re on the road, and we’re in L.A!
CT: That’s like 20 minutes.
GR: Welcome. We rolling? 
CT: We are rolling every episode. 
GR: We’re rolling right now? 
BB: Yeah, he’s asking if we’re rolling, Casey. 
CT: Oh, are we...Yes, we are also rolling on the…
BB: Die. This is the interlude. 
MM: The interlude has begun. 
GR: This is the interlude and now you guys asked us a question. We’re answering it. Hit it, Blair. 
BB: Hey, guys. This is coming at you from JJ from Sacramento. 
GR: Respect. 
CT: That’s staying. 
BB: Hello there, NeoScum crew. Jay Joe MunchKing here and I have a question for you all. So, my brother has been trying to convince me to get a family tattoo with him, and he wants a symbol to represent our family. One, this sounds like a bad idea, and two, I have no idea what to get. Can you guys suggest something we can get? Can we just steal a tattoo from Dak? And where should I get this hypothetical tattoo? Thanks for the good listening. Can’t wait for more. 
GR: Boy, I wish this was a back and forth because I have so many questions. But, one, I think it’s a great idea. I don’t have any tattoos. I wish I’d started and just made a mistake with my first tattoo, so I could have had a million tattoos at this point, but now there’s just altogether too much thought and I’m going to die with any tattoos. So, one great idea. 
CT: When I hear family, I think mi familia. We got to get the box art of Fast Five. You got to get the whole box art on your chest. 
ES: I have a tattoo on my chest, and it’s a tattoo I got the day my Grandma died. It’s an infinity symbol and it says, “Yapanda,” which means forever in Greek. And, but you know, that was very impulsive of me to get a tattoo right in the center of my chest. And so you should think about it before you get a tattoo. You really should. It’s a nice tattoo, but also then that infinity symbol with writing became really popular. And I want to say I did it before it was popular. So, fuck you if you have an infinity symbol with cursive writing in it, okay? We’re not friends. 
CT: Get a Fast Five logo somewhere else on your body. Not your chest. 
BB: Yeah, I was going to say it sounds like a cool to get a tattoo with someone with someone in your family. That could be a cool you guys remember looking back. 
MM: My parents told me that if I ever got a tattoo, that they would write me out of the will and not recognize me as their son anymore. So, I’ve never gotten a tattoo out of respect to parents' wishes, which is maybe why Dak Rambo has so many tattoos is because in the fantasy realm, I can really just break free. And I know my parents aren’t going to listen to this, because they’re too busy listening to the episode of Campaign where I played Bin Bon. 
GR: Bin Bon tattoos are great. 
BB: They did ask specifically if they could steal one from Dak, so if you got a subscription that Dak would be willing to let them copy? 
ES: I think they mean like they want to shave one off of Dak and take it and glue it onto their skin. 
MM: Wait. Who’s that at the door right now? Oh my God, it’s Dak Rambo himself.
DR: Hey! Do you guys mind if I lay low here real quick. I got a couple of palace guards who are chasing me. 
GR: Buddy, please, yeah. Cool your heels. 
BB: Sure thing. You smell awful. 
DR: Yep. I sure do. Oh, I couldn't’ help but overhear that your guys were talking about tattoos? 
BB: Oh, absolutely. 
ES: You seem like the pro, tattoo pro. 
DR: Thank you very much. It seems like somebody wants just a random tattoo idea? 
BB: Yeah, if you could drop one off here and…
GR: What’s a tattoo that you have that you like? 
DR: One of my favorite tattoos, look over right above my butt. This tramp stamp say, “Hollywood,” but it says, “Hollyweird.”
CT: Tight. 
BB: That’s pretty good. Dak. 
ES: That’s a good tattoo. 
CT: That’s so cool. That’s twisted. 
GR: There’s that. 
DR: You could get that tattoo guy from the Internet. Alright, goodbye. 
GR: Oh, see you later. 
ES: Oh, he’s gone. 
BB: See you later. 
GR: He ran out. 
ES: He left. 
BB: See you later, Dak. 
GR: The room smells better. 
CT: Well, I think the lesson is like no matter what the tattoo is, put it above your ass. 
GR: We just recorded an episode where I wrote down a bunch of tattoos that never came up. Can I just read them all right here, because I liked some of them. 
BB: Yeah, you can…
ES: Read them now. 
DR: Hey, guys, so sorry to come back in here. That was just a closet. That was not the exit. See you guys later. 
CT: See you, Dak. 
GR: See you, man. 
ES: What a fool. 
BB: He also went into another closet, but that one’s a long closet, so he’s not going to be coming back for a while. 
GR: It’s a long closet, so…
CT: Yeah, he’ll be back.
MM: He’s going to Narnia. 
GR: We have a little bit of time. 
MM: I love that guy. 
BB: Mike, you were really quiet when Dak was in here. Were you intimidated? 
MM: Yeah, kind of. He’s way taller. I don’t imagine him to be that tall. I mean, he’s tall in my imagination, but Gannon, read those tattoo ideas. 
ES: Yes. 
GR: Okay, these are for ten different rogue trucker corps, or I guess, organizations. Trucker named nice things. Tattoo. Two opens hands in a package. Trucker name. The Rat Men. Rat head with tail lights for eyes. The Pricks Moving Co. Guns in a X sign. Cyber Helions. An eight-bit goblin. Fudge Pop. A fudge pop dripping. Road Hogs. Truck with tusks. The Movers/Shakers. M with a lightning S. The Colby Smith Graybull. A big red crate. 21 Salvage. A knife on your forehead. And Free Rangers. Silhouette of a buffalo running. And those were the ideas I had. Maybe they’ll come back later. 
ES: Oh, and then one would have scared Zenith. 
BB: Oh, yes it would. 
DR: That was a long closet. I like the 21 Salvage one though. Trying this door. 
BB: JJ, thanks so much to sending us question. If any of you listeners ever want to send a question, you can email to NeoScumPodcast@gmail.com and just put “Interlude Question,” in the subject line and we’ll answer it in an interlude. 
CT: Hell yeah. 
ES: You know what I love? Shopping. Oh my God. Don’t you guys love shopping? You can shop. You can shop our shit. If you just go to Google and type in NeoScum merch, it is the first thing that pops up, or I can read you the full, what’s the word? 
BB and MM: URL? 
ES: Yeah, the full URL. 
CT: I’m just going to cut it. 
ES: I don’t know what a URL is, but I love clothes and stickers and notebooks and laptop cases and mugs and whatever else the hell you can buy on this thing. 
CT: I feel like the reviews have been coming in universally very positive. 
ES: Also, universally they smell like pickles. 
MM: Yeah, what’s up with that? Just kidding. It’s a good thing. We love it. We love that the shirts smell like vinegar. 
ES: We do. 
MM: People really be responding well to that, so thank you. 
ES: Thank you. 
BB: Looks us up on TeePublic and buy our shit. 
MM: Please?
CT: And guys, just one last reminder that we got that sweet subreddit. This is r/NeoScum. One word, just in case you’re one of those people who still thinks it’s two words or has a hyphen. We love you still, but it’s one word. And one thing that’s cool about the subreddit, apart from finding other NeoScum fans to talk to is that every week a user Dungeon Funtimes posts a discussion about the episode afterwards and it’s so cool. There’s so many, such great place for people to actually talk about this stuff. And we check it like crazy and respond. Am I right? 
MM: It’s true. We do. 
ES: Yeah, we all check it. 
MM: Why does Dungeon Funtime do that? Did we tell him to do that or her? 
CT: No. 
BB: Do we have a family member of his hostage or something? 
MM: Just a nice person. 
GR: You can cut this part, Casey. Yeah we do. 
CT: Oh, okay. Yeah, they just love the show. They just love the show and, no, honestly, thank you Dungeon Funtimes for doing that. Thank you guys. If you want to join the conversation outside of Twitter, man, check out that subreddit. 
GR: Well, that’s it. Go listen to it. 
BB: Hey, there’s a great episode and you’re seconds away from it. 
GR: Honestly, it’s a, I’d give it a pitchfork 6.6 out of 10. 
BB: Which is good, which is pretty good. 
GR: Look that’s still good. I mean gave a...Let’s not get into that. 
MM: These guys are telling you to keep going to the rest of the episode, but I’m going to tell you to rewind. Start at the top of this interlude again and listen to it again. If you come to this part twice, do it one more time. 
ES: Can we all like say goodbye while we move away from run like…
[The whole group]: Goodbye…
MM: Listen to this again. Listen to this again. 
DR: So, we’re decided. We’re going to…
BB: Casey!
MM: Toney!
GR: So, here’s what the road looks like, It’s flat. Midwest, baby. It’s a flat as heck road. A little greener than the roads you’ve been going down previously. A little bit more shocked from the heavy warfare of the 2033’s. But this area’s a little bit more lush. And some refer to this area as a sort of region of possibility. Hope. If grass can still grow in a region that was not so far away from some pretty heavy duty stuff, then maybe there’s hope for everyone. Caveat of course is it’s overrun by gangers. Anyway, you guys are boogying on down the freeway. By the way, how much is...So you guys had that encounter with Kannabis Jak the last game? How much is that out of your mind right now? 
BB: I think maybe more on Z’s mind, just because he sent the little message thing and was like caught like aware and literally saw his face. That’s what I got. 
GR: Well, if he’s on your mind, you’d notice he’s conspicuously absent. 
BB: Like his helicopter is no longer around us. 
GR It’s not around you. So, make of that what you will and you can. But you guys are boogying along. 
BB: Because you gave us that little nugget, I’m just going to a Matrix perception sweep and see if I can see his helicopter, just because maybe that’s something Zenith's been doing since I made contact. 
GR: So, you guys are boogying from the Coop right now and you do a sweep. Can you give me a roll for that? 
BB: Yes. 
MM: Oh, real quick too. Dak’s been thinking a lot about brain Internet lately. He truly does think he has a brain Internet as well and knowing that someone who’s loosely related to him has brain Internet, he is thinking in his head there’s a little part of Dak’s mind palace that is the construct that is in his head. Sort of like how Sherlock Holmes has it, but instead it’s just a big mansion where a party happened. And there’s a room with a computer that just has a devil smiley face on it that’s blinking. And Dak is like,
DR: I guess I do have brain Internet.
BB: Sweet. So, this is just a general sweep. The idea would be I can catch anything that’s not running silent or trying to evade me. 
GR: Okay.
BB: I got two hits. 
GR: Two hits. You’re getting a ping coming from about the Mississippi River area. It’s not moving. 
BB: And I have not other information about it? Just like a signal I’m picking up? 
GR: From that sort of sweep, unless you’re--
BB: It’s not like KJ specially? Or not that I can tell? 
GR: You can tell that it’s…
BB: I’ve seen that signature. 
GR: It’s an emergency thing if a vehicle’s been damaged or something. 
BB: That’s near the Mississippi? 
GR: It’s in the Mississippi. 
BB: How far away from where we are right now? 
GR: About 20 minutes. 
Z: Hey, guys. Remember how I said Kanabis Jak was flying around in a helicopter in that last thing? 
P: Yeah, that’s right. 
DR: Yeah, I totally forgot about that, because I was worried about Max. 
Z: I sent him a message and he never responded to it, but I just got a random SOS signal from him, and it’s 20 minutes away from where we are right now. 
P: SOS? 
TW: It’s from him? 
Z: Yeah, or at least whatever his signature was. I mean…
P: What did he look like/ Could you see him? 
BB: And Z projects the scrap of video he had from when he viewed him with his ocular drone and it’s this super zoomed in, so it’s kind of grainy. It’s 200 time digital zoom or whatever. So, it’s super pixelated but it’s him and if you want to…
ME: Oh yeah. Hey, I know that guy. 
TW: What? 
Z: What the fuck? 
ME: Yeah, he’s super famous. He’s a death racer, right? 
Z: Oh, okay. 
ME: No, he’s been streaming a lot actually. I’ve been watching him in my downtime. 
DR: What? 
ME: You look at this guy’s Twitter? 
TW: No. 
ME: Well, Twitter is alive and active. 
P: Is he funny? 
ME: Yeah, he’s always cool. 
P: Really? 
ME: Yeah, check it out. 
DR: What’s his Twitter handle? 
ME: You guys want to see? @KanabisJak42069. 
DR: Pretty good. 
BB: And Z pulls up that file. Can we pull up his live stream? 
GR: Yeah, you can pull up his livestream. 
BB: And I play it on the inside of the cab.
GR: He’s like. 
KJ: Take a look at this. 
GR: And he’s like, he’s up to chin in water like holding the camera up. He’s like, 
KJ: Ah, my peop…
GR: What is his fucking voice?
KJ: No, yeah… No, yeah, I’d love to frigging....Yeah, so the chopper, you can see the chopper over there. These guys have been following, you know the NeoScum crew. Yeah, you know we’ve been chasing them for a while, trying to pick on them. 
BB: Can we cut to the inside of the cabin real quick? 
KJ: And ran out of frigging fuel and we crashed in a damn river. But you know keep them likes coming. Keep on and don’t forget to frigging smoke a goddamn blunt. 
MM: Dak is smoking a goddamn blunt as they’re watching it, and what were the viewers on that? Did we see how many people were viewing? 
GR: There were 100 and...Oh Sorry. 1,027 viewers. 
MM: 1,000 or 100,000? 
GR: 1,000. 1,000. 
BB: Real quick on the goddamn blunt, I’m assuming it’s a blunt that just says, “Goddamn,” on the side of it. And it’s like KJ’s personal brand of blunts. 
MM: Which I lifted off of him when I took his Hal’s Beef. 
BB: You took his cocaine. 
MM: Cocaine. 
ES: Pox, while this is playing…
GR: Oh and he has a beautiful robot jaw that is glistening in the sun. 
CT: Just sinewy. 
BB: And that’s why his voice sounds slightly different. 
GR: Mm-hmm. Exactly. Yes. 
DR: You guys. We want to go to L.A. for many reasons. One of them is to be famous. This guy’s got 1,000 something, something viewers right now. And this stream would go live if the NeoScum that he’s following enters stage right and beat the shit out of him.
Z: I was thinking maybe just help him out because I think he was trying to help us when he was following us earlier. 
DR: Oh yeah. 
TW: Well, let’s check out the situation. 
DR That’s what I meant. Maybe we’ll whoop his ass, maybe we’ll help him out. 
ME: He’s got like a lot of videos. He’s been streaming a lot recently. I’ve been watching it with the sound off, but he’s been in a helicopter. He’s talking a lot. I mean there’s all these videos you can check out. 
DR: Do you know why he’s following us? 
ME: No, I’ve been watching with the sound off. 
Z: What, for real? But you know he’s been following us, Max? 
ME: I didn’t you he was following you guys. 
TW: Can you access YouTube, fut…
Z: I have a name, Tech. 
TW: Z, can you access future YouTube real quick? 
Z: No, it looks like it’s blocked on phone. No, I’ll pull it up. What do you want? 
TW: Can you search “Best of Kannabis Jak NeoScum”? 
DR: I’m already on it. 
MM: Dak goes to his brain Internet and is just pulling up the devil smileys. It’s just blinking again like, 
DR: Oh, looks like it’s down. 
BB: Z pulls it up. Protection on the thing. 
GR: Okay.
BB: The first hit. 
GR: You hear cool music. And then like... “Best of…” And you’re seeing footage in the air of you guys killing Wa Sun and Blintz. 
TW: Pox, I forgot how brutal that was. 
GR: And it cuts back to him being like, like he’s doing to finger. 
BB: Oh God. 
GR: The finger V tongue thing like, 
KJ: Smoke that, Blunt…
GR: And then the camera zooms into his mouth. 
MM: Oh, does it say, “Wreckt”? 
GR: Yeah, it says, “Wreckt”! And it cuts to two cars crashing. 
DR: Damn. 
GR: He cuts back to Pox slicing Wa Sun in the back of the head with a samurai sword. It cuts to above the ground of footage of the Pizza Rat place exploding.
DR: Rest in peace, Rhon. 
GR: And it cuts back like, 
KJ: Oh, I can’t believe this shit. I’m trying to get these guys killed. 
GR: And then it, 
MM: What. Wait, wait. What? 
GR: And then it cuts to his most recent one. 
BB: Wait, are we like--
KJ: Oh fuck. It’s a dragon. I’m losing control! Ah!
DR: He’s trying to get these guys killed? Did you guys rewind it to that? 
Z: Wait, wait. Rewind. 
BB: And we replay the part of the video where he says that. 
KJ: Oh, I’m trying to get these guys killed. 
BB: And then we pause it and we take it back to the beginning again. 
MM: Dak takes a big drag.
BB: No, no. Wait, I mean just the part where he says it’s going to be killed.
KJ: I’m trying to get these guys killed!
BB: Pause. Rewind.
KJ: I’m trying to get these guys killed!
MM: Fast forward to the drake.
MM: Rewind.
KJ: I’m trying to get these guys killed. 
CT: Pause.
ES: Pox has been writing in a little notebook, not really looking at the screen. Just smiling to herself and giggling. She’s drawing little weed leafs and hearts and hearts and she just writes, 
P: You suck. 
MM: Oh my God. 
CT: Wait, hold on. 
BB: So, Z’s just like, 
Z: Well, it sounds like this dude, I mean we got to at the very least talk to this guy. 
P: We’re going to fucking kill this guy. 
TW: Go in the other direction. Hold on. 
P: Fucking sucks. 
DR: Where am I going? 
Z: Honestly, I know we’re not supposed to do this on the highway, but just a hard left off road. 
DR: Done. 
P: Let’s go. 
BB: I’m assuming it’s the most direct route it's just to fucking bee line towards the river? 
DR: Don’t…
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Sweet. 
TW: Hey, Pox. Can I have a little aside with you real quick? 
P: Mmm-hmm. 
TW: Hey, so you like like Kannabis Jake, Right? 
P: I like like him, but I want to kill him. 
TW: I know--
P: I-I--
TW: but Pox, hold on. 
P: Yeah? 
TW: I feel like if you just tell him how you feel, he might come on our side. And I don’t think Kannabis Jak holds any ill feelings about us. He’s just been bought by Big Marco. 
P: Yeah, but do you want to know how I feel? 
TW: Little Marco? 
P: I think he’s incredibly attractive. But he’s an idiot. He’s a fucking idiot. So, now I don’t want to be with him. I just want to bang him. 
DR: Z, and my clothes were going through underbrush. I just ran through a tent, and I don’t know if there was someone inside that tent. 
BB: Z has yelled...We’re running into campers and shit while we just go through the random wilderness. 
GR: There’s camping the most dangerous...Oh, you know why? It’s because you actually reached White Lion. You just noticed all this smouldering ground around you. And you can see in the distance a school bus pulling up and letting people off. That’s behind you right now. So, you--
BB: We already passed it when we weren’t paying attention. 
GR: So, you’re ripping through basically the tents refugees from this crisis. 
BB: But they weren’t in the tents that we went through. 
GR: No they weren’t. 
MM: Did I see the school bus? 
GR: Yes. 
MM: And did I see a certain hell of a trucker, aka bus driver, aka BZB talking about easy B. Beel Z. BUb, my man? 
GR: Yeah, you see the silhouette of two big old sideburns. 
DR: Cool. We lock eyes for a second. Time stops. We meet in my brain palace in the room called, “The Bang Bang Room.”
BB: And Dak has mental sex with… Beel Z. Bub. 
MM: It’s not a sex thing. It’s just the Bang, Bang Room, alright? Because that’s where I make these great bang bang shrimps. They’re really good. They’re so spicy. Oh and they're…
CT: They feel great in your butt.
MM: Yeah, I make a big meal of shrimp scampi and I feed it to Beel Z. Bub. 
BZB: This is...Yeah, this is looking pretty nice. 
DR: I’ll say. How the hell you doing, buddy? 
BZB: I’ve been better, baby. Been helping out my friends through a rough situation. But I bet you know what that’s like, brother. 
DR: Oh, you’re preaching to the choir, mio. I fricking know what that’s like. I got friends and they got problems. And my problems meet their problems and they make love and give birth to new problems, but you probably know what that’s like. 
BZB: Yeah. 
DR: How’s the shrimp scampi? 
BZB: It’s good. 
DR: Next time. Your place? 
BZB: Next time. My place. I’ll see you on the other side, brother. 
MM: Dak goes and they both punch each other in the face and evaporate back into reality. 
BB: And the whole time, Z is shaking Dak to try and get him to go towards the true thing. 
MM: Dak’s driving in donuts right now. He’s entered a fugue state and his mouth is foaming. 
BB: And then Z puts the overlay, just project on the inside of the windshield so we can all see in the outlined red where the helicopter is in the river. 
GR: Okay. You’re there. So, the land slopes down to a little beach to the water and you can Kannabis Jak flailing around with one as he live streams with the other arm and there is a helicopter tail sticking out of the water. 
MM: We park the car and all hop out. 
BB: And spend maybe 30 seconds just looking at Kannabis Jak, laughing at him. 
GR: He’s splashing around. He doesn’t see you because he’s still talking to his followers. 
Z: Hey, is he going down? Is he floating down the river? 
GR: Oh yeah.
DR: KJ!
GR: Okay, in that case, the helicopter’s further up and you see him down the wind of you, floating down the Mississippi. 
DR: KJ! KJ!
KJ: No!
GR: He looks up and he’s like, 
KJ: What? 
GR: And he drops his phone. 
DR: Ah, shit. 
P: Uh-oh. Well, let’s go get him. 
Z: Tech Wizard’s doing that thing where he’s shaking his hands like right before he normally casts a spell. 
CT: Tech Wizard casts Magic Fingers.
Z: Oh yeah. He’s going to touch him all over the place. 
CT: Force...
ES: Jealous. 
CT: Just force three, just to grab Kanabis Jak and gently hold him, so he stops falling down the river and pull him towards me.
BB: And choke him just a little bit. 
CT: Yeah, I got it. 
GR: How much? 
CT: Well, three. I did force three and I hit that and more. 
GR: Okay. So, you’re guiding him. You’re pushing him back towards the shore. And he’s coming to the shore, kicking around. Splash, splash, splash. He comes up on the shore. 
TW: Hey. Dude. 
KJ: Fancy seeing you guys here. 
P: Why do you sound like a gangster? 
KJ: I--
P: From New York? 
KJ: I don’t like I always sounded like. 
P: What are you talking about? No it’s not. 
Z: Man, are you okay? 
KJ: No, I said normal. 
P: You sound weird. 
TW: Hey, dude. You hurt my friend. Before we even start, you’re going to apologize to her. 
P: Who? Me? 
TW: Yeah. 
Z: And then you’re going to apologize to all of us. 
P: What do you mean he hurt me? 
DR: Yeah, you’re going kiss our ass. 
TW: Because you said you were kill us and we watched your vid. 
Z: Yeah, explain yourself asshole. 
DR: This is my sister’s kid by the way. He’s a big fan of yours and you let him down. 
Z: Yeah, that’s him.
ES: He makes eye contact with Pox and she winks at him. 
KJ: Oh man. Look, don’t get the wrong idea about me. I was just…
BB Wait, is this Max that we’re talking to? 
ES: Wow. Why?
GR: Do voice. 
ES: Talk like Australian. 
CT: But like kind of not. 
GR: Okay. 
KJ: Oh, no. 
ES: There we go. 
BB: There we go. 
KJ: Yeah… Look, I didn’t mean to like…
ES: It’s too Australian. 
MM: Any of these voices is going to be fine. 
ES: Allright. They’re all good. I love it. 
CT: It’s great. 
BB: Oh, absolutely. 
ES: Keep going. 
BB: You just got to land on a new voice for KJ, I think, and we’ll just retcon it with the new jaw. 
GR: It’s very hard to do the Max thing. He was kind of like Max in like he’s dopey. 
CT: Yeah, but he was like higher. 
BB: Pull up the ep real quick.
KJ Hey, it’s not what you think, you know? Okay, so you saw the streams? 
P: Yeah!
TW: We saw the streams. 
DR: We saw the streams. 
KJ: Okay, Big Marco was just paid me some money to follow you around so his death squad could always know where you were at. 
TW: How much? 
Z: Dude, we saved your life. 
KJ: Yeah, well you left, so, I don’t know. 
P: He was paying you some money. Have you got it on you? 
KJ: And the Boss is curious to see what you guys were doing amway, you know? I figured it would be good content for the guys out there. 
DR: Do you know what’s good content? It’s probably a stream of you and your baby world going baby on us. 
BB: Yeah, remember that? 
TW: Those guys are huge. 
KJ: It’s quite rude of you to show that to anybody. 
Z: Are you sure? 
DR: I think Z’s got it in his little computer eyeball. 
TW: Still does. 
BB: And Z pulls up an image episode six and shows a little bit of KJ acting like a baby sucking his thumb in the stairwell. And in the video, a dude with the Sam Shepherd goggles is coming around the corner as he’s doing it. 
GR: Sam Shepherd goggles.
BB: Peter Shepherd. 
GR: Yeah, it’s Peter Shepherd. 
BB: Stever Shepherd. 
GR: Frank Shepherd. 
KJ: Oh, come on you guys. You don’t have to do that. No!
P: Give me one reason I shouldn’t kill you right now. 
KJ: I don’t got one. 
DR: I got a reason. You got footage of our greatest hits. We’ve kicked some serious ass and you’ve been following us, and you saw that shit with the dragon coming out of the missiles and all that shit? 
KJ Yes, I saw that. 
DR: You take that footage and you make one hell of a highlight video and you send that to Big Marco. And you put the words that we, we’ll make a disc track on Big Marco. I’ll be a sick music video. We’ll send it to him and it’s going to go viral and he’s going to feel like such a little piece of shit when he sees it. 
Z: Yeah, when we get to Kansas City, we’re going to rent out a recording studio. We’re going to put down a dope beat. We’re going to wrap some stuff on top of it and we need you to edit it together and send it back to Big Marco. 
KJ: I mean, I…
Z: Or you die right now. 
KJ I only know a little bit on fruity loops, you know? I don’t know how to do deep production. I mean I’ve only done a little bit of production in the past, you know? Nothing serious. 
P: When are you going to learn how? 
Z: We’re going to literally pay for you to go to school in Kansas City. 
DR: We’re going to give you 50% of the tuition. The other 50% you’re going to have to earn on your own. 
P: Why are we giving him anything?
Z: Tech, I just want to say you can make your Magic Fingers stop squeezing his testicles. I think we can talk to him for real now. 
TW: Alright. 
KJ: Oh. 
DR: How about this? You compile our greatest hits. You send--
KJ: Well, I just dropped my frigging phone in the water back there. 
DR: God you’re such a bitch. 
P: So what? It’s lost? 
Z: So, what’s wrong with you, man? 
KJ: Man, I don’t know. I just keep making mistakes that keep leading me to worse places.
P: Why are you crying? 
KJ: I just wanted to take a life. 
GR: And he takes a little out of his boot and he pulls it up…
MM: Lightning reflexes. 
GR: Do you want to do Lightning Reflexes? 
BB: How about you just roll those two characters initiatives against each other? 
MM: My computer’s dead. Do you mind rolling mine, please daddy? 
GR: I certainly do not mind. 
MM: I also just got this new attribute. I’m dying to use it. 
BB: Yeah, do you want to read it? 
GR: Yeah, please describe it. 
MM: “Some people are just born fast. The quality provides and unaugmented character the ability to react with astonishing speed. The character gains plus one to their initiative rating and a bonus initiative die. They also receive a plus one die pool modifier to all defense tests.” They do not come super quick if they’re sex.” 
GR: What?
BB: You heard it here first guys. Her Lab is serving it up. 
ES: They can still last. 
GR: That’s right. 
BB: Hero Lab has up to date knowledge on how fast your characters will come. 
MM: Wow, that’s like three gigabytes of knowledge. 
GR: I’ll go first. You go first. What do you do? 
MM: I grab the gun out of his hand and I pull it away from him. 
GR: Okay. Can you give me a grappling check or something?
MM: Three hits. 
GR: Okay, so you guys struggle with the gun back and forth. So describe yourself lunging for the gun. 
MM: Dak recently via his shadowrunning, has heightened his senses and has lightning reflexes now, which he is showing off as soon as saw the flash of metal out of Kannabis Jak’s pocket. He felt his Dak sense tingle and he lunged with his left hand while also with his right hand, he lunged with both his hands like an alligator. And he latched onto Kannabis Jak’s arm. Oh, he’s not letting go. 
GR: No, no, no. Kannabis Jak is holding really strong. And it’s a really mean struggle back and forth. And you guys are making eye contact. And what are seeing in Kannabis Jak’s eyes? 
MM: I see nothing. All humanity has lost. 
GR: Yeah, it’s a fearsome thing. And you feel a connection with you and him. In this moment, in the way that anyone in such a brutal struggle can connect. When you look at someone in that moment where it’s life and death in both of your hands, you know someone maybe more intimately than anyone knows them. And it’s something you're familiar with as a grappler, fighter. And so you’re there, and you’re seeing him. Can he enter your mind palace? 
DR: I let Kannabis Jak….I hear him ring the doorbell, which plays a mean guitar lick. Ohh, it’s custom job. There was a cool Dak that wears overalls that installed it. He lives in my butt palace. Yeah, there’s a pretty cracked out place. Anyway, I come to the door. I look through the peep hole. I see KJ. I open the door. I say, 
DR: You better take your shoes off. 
KJ: Yeah, you know I’m going to take my shoes off. You know what? Actually, I’m not even coming in. I just want to say, you know, coming from a life of privilege, sometimes it feels like you ain’t got no object and maybe the object is just whatever the first person tells you something to do is. You know? 
DR: Yeah. 
KJ: I got nothing in my life. 
DR: I’m sorry, Kannabis Jak. 
KJ: But I’m going to take you down. 
DR: How about you take me hand? And enter me brain palace? 
KJ Okay. 
DR: And come with me to the Bang, Bang Room where I think I open the refrigerator door. I might find some leftover shrimp scampi. And a little birdy. There is no little birdy. It’s just me told me they’ve got the best bang bang shrimp this side of the Mississippi. And I know, because I’m on this side of the Mississippi and I see the Mississippi right there. 
KJ: Wow, I guess yeah. I guess, take me to bang
GR: You’re looking right now at Kannabis Jak. The gun has gone off, facing his own head. 
TW: Nooo!
GR: There is an eyeball hanging loose from his face. And a big old hole in the opposite cheek. And he goes, 
KJ: Not again!
CT: That’s the wrap. 
GR: Okay. Hold on. Let me see, let me get a beat. Okay, here we go. Yeah, this is the song about the extra piece of bread I got from Zu...Okay. We’re getting into it. And one, two, three, four. One, two, here we go. I smell nice. Strength like a T-rex. I got the plan like Luther Comalex. Popping pills. Snapping necks, smoking Crange. Eating Tex Mix. Yeah, everyday I’m cashing checks. Now say, “Hello,” to the bread on my desk. To the bread on my desk. Whole wheat brown. A little crunchy. Chewy in the center. Got soul real funky. This ain’t no bread of the monkey garlic bread variety that I ate with my girlfriend on Sunday. It’s my bread on my desk. Oh, I’m so lucky. Looking at this bread makes me feel happy and plucky. Oh, yeah, this one goes out to the piece of bread on my desk. I threw it at my co-worker and it almost knocked over his salad. This one goes out to you, Jack. 
CT: Alright, now cut to a skit. If you like NeoScum, check out other One Shot Network shows like Adventure. Adventure is an actual play podcast hosted by Pranks Paul that focuses on generating fan fiction for established books, tv shows, and movies through tabletop gaming. Adventure will feature a rotating cast of players and a variety of media properties. Mmm, baby. That’s what I call a spicy meatball. That’s my own spin. 

[EPISODEBREAK18]

CT: Character creation and management tools for NeoScum are provided by Hero Lab and Lone Wolf Development. Check out www.wolflair.com for more information. 

BB: Did you know you could make a gravity bomb out of someone’s butt hole? 
ES: This? I don’t need this. 
MM: Explain. 
ES: Out of someone’s butt hole? And then what? You smoke out of their...? 
BB: Out of the butt. 
CT: Alright, let’s try it on there. 
MM: You got to poke another hole though. 
BB: You do. 
ES: Who’s willing to lend their butt hole to this cause? 
MM: You don’t want this butt hole. You don’t want that. You want Blair’s butt hole, probably. It’s the most—
BB: Squeaky clean and mean cuisine. 
ES: Oh no, no, no.
CT: Where is—? 
GR: Call your asshole lean cuisine. That’s good.
ES: I don’t want to hear about a mean cuisine butt hole. 
GR: It’s hot. Looking down at your com for weather—bout 88 degrees. Xanadu’s heating up. Maybe the air conditioning works at this point. Maybe Little Marco did fix that back there. The windows certainly work. That was a thing we discovered. They didn’t work episode 1. Episode 13, they did work. Little Marco fixed it. That’s cannon, okay? You can’t come at me with that, alright? Only I can come at me with that. And I just fixed it, so you can’t come at me with that. Also, Beans. Is he a dwarf or is he a troll? He’s both, okay? Trolls and dwarves can mate. Beside the point. 88 degrees. Hot. Camera, from a dark and stormy-looking sky down to the eye-assed Hannibal Coop. 18 wheels of fury screeching up. Stop. A door opens. A bloody body is plopped out. 
MM: Gently. 
GR: Gently. The body of Kannabis Jak. Dr. Ba walks out. 
DB: Back again? 
DR: You’re just waiting there for us? 
DB: I was coming out to use the outhouse. 
Z: Well, we got a special delivery just for you guys. 
P: It’s a live one. 
Z: Yeah. I think, anyway. 
DR: This guy shot himself in the head, and we didn’t do it. 
TW: We didn’t. I mean we would tell you if we did it. 
P: We didn’t do it. 
TW: We’re not shy. We’ve shot a lot of—
Z: This guy’s has a history of trying to kill himself with a gun. 
DB: Guy looks pretty messed up. Looks like where the bullet went right through his tongue. 
P: Just try...Oh God. 
DB: Yeah, probably if we can get him fixed, he’ll sound completely different the next time around. 
Z: Wait, that’s funny you say that because he already shot himself in the head, and when we found him again he sounded super different. 
DR: Well, a little different. 
GR: Kannabis Jak is lying on the ground like...
ES: Oh my God. 
GR: The bullet is as per last time through his chin, out his eyeball just like...
CT: Nasty. 
GR: He’s super out of it. Dr. Ba is like…
DB: We’ll take care of this. Please get back on the road. I would prefer not to see you again, respectfully. 
Z: I think he’s got a PPO, so it’s all covered. 
DR: Yeah, it’s under Big Marco insurance group. 
DB: We’re socialists. It’s okay. 
Z: Oh nice. 
DR: We’ll be back tomorrow, Dr. Ba. 
DB: Well, okay. 
DR: This is our new home base. It’s your hospital. 
DB: That’s a joke, right? 
Z: And if you guys know any fences, so we can hang out and do shadowrun missions once every three days or so to rest, recuperate, and find new missions and stuff, that would be great. 
P: Fences? 
DB: Respectfully, you guys have done—
P: I know about fences. 
TW: She’s great with them. 
MM: She learned about it in another episode. Dr. Ba? 
ES: I have three skill points in whatever fences is. I made sure to add it because I thought it was like if I can—
CT: You thought it was actual fences like Ron thought long arms was…
BB: No harm. 
GR: You just know the play Fences really well. 
ES: I’ve got it memorized. 
MM: Dr. Ba is sitting there as we’re having this conversation about fences trying to tell us to leave again like one more time about how we shouldn’t be here. 
P: Listen, doctor. I’ve got something really important to ask you. 
DB: What is it, Pox? 
P: I really just would like for this guy to come out here just way less attractive. I don’t want to look at him again. Just change his face, okay? 
DB: Well, it’s not really something I can…
P: Just change it. Change his face. 
DB: do. But—
P: Make him look bad. 
Z: You know how sometimes people get crazy reconstructive surgery and they come back and they’re a little sexier because now they have robo parts where they were normal? 
P: Don’t do that. 
Z: We want the other and the messiest cyber crazy stuff. Make him look like a technocrust after all this is done. 
DB: Yeah, okay. 
TW: Dr. Ba—
P: You don’t seem convincing. 
DB: I’m not going to involve…Hey, let’s get this guys inside. 
GR: He’s just like…
DB: Okay. We’re going to take care of him. I’ll talk to you guys tomorrow when you come back. 
DR: Wait, Dr. Ba. Do you live at this hospital? 
DB: Yeah. 
DR: You live here? 
DB: Where else am I going to live? 
DR: I don’t know. In an apartment? 
P: That’s so sad. 
DB: They need me 24/7. We’ve got six people on staff right now. 
TW: Hey, Dr. Ba. I just want to say, I respect what you do, man. 
Z: Yeah, so much that are going to be back once every three or four episodes to see how you’re doing and make sure that you’ve got what you need. 
DB: Oh, that’s so great. 
P: We really like you. 
DB: I’m going to see you guys later. I’m going in. I’m inside now. 
DR: We’re inside as well. 
GR: Door closes. Clunk. Clunk. 
Z: How have we hearing him say that? 
GR: Door closes. It’s night again. Hot. 
Z: Pick the lock. 
GR: Everyone’s in the car. 
DR: We got back. We drive the car through the front door. 
GR: Do you want to do that? 
BB, ES, and MM: No. 
BB: We’ll leave, Gannon. 
GR: We can do that. We can do it. We can crash right through the door. We can kill every single person in the hospital. 
ES: No. 
GR: We can turn this into the hospital killers podcast. 
ES: No!
MM: One shot network.
GR: That’s good. 
ES: We’ve changed. Rebranded. 
Z: We’re just playing the characters that you helped us build, Gannon. 
GR: And I’m okay with you guys becoming the hospital killers. I think that is totally fun. 
DR: Make us super likeable if we mowed down every doctor. 
CT: It should just be noted that as Kannabis Jak’s was being carried away, you notice that hanging out of the pocket on his shirt was a small folded piece of paper with some writing on it that you couldn’t quite read in Tech Wizard’s handwriting. 
GR: Wow. You and me’ll talking off mic about what that is. 
ES: What? 
MM: In his pocket there was a tiny little action figure of Max, which is on sale on the One Shot website by the time this is released. 
ES: And in Pox’s pockets there are: keys, lip gloss, mentos, dirt, lollipops, a shoe, that little thing that she stole, that floating magnetic thing, pieces of card that she ripped off from inside of a car, hair, a tooth that she got from Max, a hairbrush, pocketwatch, little toy trucks, toilet paper, oh, jelly beans, Werther’s Originals, a hamburger, an old milkshake. That’s it. 
MM: That’s it? 
BB: You said—?
ES: Probably some other stuff but it’s really far down in the pocket, so that’s just what’s on the surface of the pockets. 
BB: Is that dead baby bird somewhere in the pockets? 
ES: No, that was some feathers, but she dropped those on the ground. 
MM: Dak picked them up and put them in his pocket. In his pocket, there’s some sand. There’s some candy. There’s some condoms. There’s a bunch of other stuff that we’ll keep throwing at the podcast. 
ES: Never. 
GR: It’s hot. 88 degrees. Sitting in the car. You guys had planned to point yourself towards Kansas City. I’m assuming that’s still the plan, right? 
BB: Yeah. 
GR: So, from your mapsoft, you guys are hitting the road right now. 
MM: And it’s nighttime? 
GR: Yeah. 
MM: Oh, some night driving. 
GR: It’s a hot night time. Very light drizzle coming down. Rocking on down the freeway. According to the mapsoft, you are met with a crossroads. Going to break a little bit. I wanted to explain something I forgot to explain on the last episode. You can cut this out and place this in where ever, Casey. Okay, so, a couple of episodes ago, you guys lost a ton of edge. You were spending edge left and right. I want to say right here on the mic, edge is restored by taking good rests and also through inspired character choices. So, I do want to say on mic that I am awarding Pox one edge for deciding to help out the people in the hospital two episodes ago. 
ES: Yay. 
GR: So, let the record show one more edge over there. And from henceforth, I’ll try and hand out edge at nice moments. Please don’t try and grease me for edge. 
DR: So, guys, I’m feeling good. I’m feeling like we could just blast on through to Kansas City. But if you guys want to look for an Airbnb nearby that we could get a good rest in. 
TW: Nah, man. Let’s just sleep in the car. We’re all good. We slept in the hospital. 
P: We’ve got to get out of here. I’m done with this place. 
M: Yeah, the sooner we get away from this hospital, the better. 
Z: Hey, we probably need to put as much distance between us and Kannabis Jak as possible because otherwise Big Marco’s going to know where we are. 
DR: Sounds good. I’m just saying though if anyone wants to look up a fun Airbnb, I’ve been reading about Airbnbs. I just found out what they are and it sounds like a novel idea. You sleep in someone’s house, they rent it out like it’s a hotel. 
CT: Yeah, that...
ES: I mean that’s…
CT: Maybe, when we get to Kansas City. 
Z: Yeah, why don’t we do that in Kansa City? 
P: Kansas City is way nicer than here. 
DR: You fire up that Airbnb app. You guys have that downloaded? 
Z: Yeah, I think it integrates with my mapsoft. 
DR: And we’re driving. 
BB: Zenith makes robot noises when he’s doing stuff on his cyber deck just to convince other people that he’s actually doing whatever he’s talking about. 
CT: Or they won’t believe it. 
BB: Because otherwise these guys don’t respond to anything. 
ES: So, he’s like...
BB: Okay, looks like there’s Airbnbs in Kansas City, Dak. 
P: That’s so official. 
DR: Are there any good rated ones? 
Z: Yeah. Although it looks like it tops out at 4.2 stars. 
DR: Oh. Almost better than my 2.1 Darkmover rating. 
TW: I thought it didn’t get better than that. 
Z: Yeah, I never understood. Why do you have such a low rating, Dak? 
DR: Low rating? That’s above two. It’s like anything over one is good, right? 
Z: Pox has five five stars. 
TW: Guys…
DR: That’s amazing. 
TW: I just realized all this shit we’ve done together over the past eight days other than that very first mission, we haven’t been logging in Darkmovers and I still don’t have a fucking rating. 
Z: Well, we haven’t been taking jobs through Darkmovers. 
TW: I know but one of us could have put it up and then marked it as complete. 
P: Yeah, we can be like, “I did it. I did it. Oh.” 
DR: But does it matter if you didn’t get it through Darkmovers? I mean, look, you’re talking to the wrong guy. I don’t know how Darkmovers works. I just know that my 2.1 rating is stellar. 
TW: I just can’t get the shadowrunner discount at Ponderosa. You know Ponderosa? That’s right. 
DR: That’s the one reason we haven’t gone to a Ponderosa. 
P: When are you going there? Yeah. 
DR: We would have gone if—
M: Wait, where’s near Ponderosa? 
TW: They got a…
M: They got one around here? 
TW: I don’t know if they have one around here. I’ve never really been over here before, but they have them around. 
Z: Tech, can I be honest? If we asked Max to rate his shadowrun experience with us, we’d—
M: It would be five stars. 
Z: That’s nice. 
GR: But he looks at Dak with a sort of affection for just one moment. And then that glint disappears. And he puffs out his chest and he does two punches and then he opens the window and he smells the air. 
M: I love the smell of air. 
BB: Can I just specialize something? He does two punches. One with an arm and one with what remains on his other arm. 
GR: A stump. 
DR: Dak looked over and missed the nice look and just saw him puffing his chest up. And that’s still filled Dak with some pride. To see his sister’s kid in such high spirits after having some heavy body modification done. 
M: Oh, by the way. Since we’re all just sort of chatting. Can I borrow some money from you guys? 
P and Z: For what? 
DR: Dude. 
M: My sister. She’s really sick. 
DR: Your sister? 
TW: Yes.
M: Yeah, remember the first time I met you, I was talking about my sister. Yeah, she’s on dialysis. She really needs a kidney. 
P: That’s right. 
M: It’s going to cost 55,000 Nuyen. 
P: Well, we just spent all of our money on something. 
Z: On us healing your leg, dude. 
TW: Body parts. 
P: On your body, so we can’t give you anything. 
Z: And we’re going to buy you an arm before we give you back to your mom. 
DR: I’ve got...Hold on. Let me look around real quick. Let me just open that glove compartment right there. 
TW: Okay, it’s just...It’s those spring snakes. 
Z: But there’s 80,000 Nuyen in there too. 
P: Wow. 
DR: Those spring snakes are worth 80,000 Nuyen because that bit is priceless, Max. 
M: Wow. Really? 
 DR: No, not really. 
M: I can save my sister with this. 
Z and TW: No. Oh no, Max. 
P: Oh don’t get dressed up. 
TW: Sometimes we say stuff that—
Z: Yeah, especially Dak. 
DR: I think we all throw our fair share of tall tales around. Hey— 
P: I have never told a lie. 
DR: Okay. 
BB: Pox says as she smiles wickedly. 
MM: She is like an owl. Moves her head 360 degrees. It’s like, “How did she do that, huh?” 
DR: Hey, Max?
M: Yeah. 
DR: Maybe, once we get to Kansa City...I don’t know if our phones will work. If we’re far enough Airbnb and Darkmovers at the same time.
Z: Yeah, we can do both at the same time. 
DR: But maybe we could take a shadowrun mission and you could finally get your dick wet. 
M: Wow, I could really get my dick wet? 
Z: Oh yeah. I think he means—
M: That’s gross. But cool. 
P: You’re right. That’s gross. 
M: You know, I’m really looking forward to going to Kansas City. Tom Gargog has a really amazing series on FXXXXXX about the depraved and anarchistic lands of Kansas City, and I really want to know if it’s that bad. 
Z: Is that a porn channel? There’s a lot of x’s. 
M: No, you’re thinking of of FXXXXXXXX. I was talking about the other one. 
Z: How many x’s are in the one you were talking about? 
M: Let’s see. One, two. More than two. More than two. More than two. 
DR: Oh speed bump
M: Little jump. 
Z: What were we talking about? 
TW: Kansas City is a wasteland? 
M: Oh, didn’t you know? It’s a really gnarly, total free-for-all nightmare town. 
P: Yes. I can’t wait. 
DR: Probably why the Airbnb scores were 4.2. 
P: Not so good. 
Z: Capping out at 4.2. I mean I don’t know. I’m from Seattle. I’ve never been anywhere around here. 
M: What’s it like in Seattle? 
Z: Pretty nice. I mean it’s one of the nicest cities in America right now. 
TW: Yeah, I would say so. 
Z: They definitely don’t have a wasteland category. 
P: You’re from there? 
DR: Redmond Barren’s is kind of nasty. There’s ghouls running around. Goblins. 
BB: When Pox asks Z if he’s from there, his eyes just go blank for a second as he tries to remember where he is really from. 
MM: Woah. 
 DR: Is that someone’s phone? 
Z: Max, is your phone going off? 
M: No. 
Z: Is it my phone? 
M: I don’t know. 
P: Oh, is it my phone? 
TW: Can we all check our—?
DR: Let’s all pull our phones out. 
P: Oh, it’s my phone. 
GR: Oh. Okay. 
P: It’s my update. I got Gregory Caramel Crush Candy. What the fuck does this mean? 
TW: It’s his fault. 
Z: Gregory’s salted caramels. 
TW: The game was just Candy Crush. 
GR: Gregory Caramel-Covered Chocolate brought you a bouquet of chocolate bunnies. 
P: Oh my God. I’ve done it. I’ve got the bouquet of chocolate bunnies. Now I can give them to my real crush. 
DR: Oh my God. That’s some endgame shit. 
P: Holy shit. You guys. This is it. 
Z: Did you just beat the game? 
P: No, not quite yet, but I’m getting there, so, anyway, back to business. 
Z: This is exciting for all of us. 
DR: I know and we’re at Kansas City now. 
GR: Would you check ahead of time, the road. Would you look into that? 
BB: Oh, like the route? 
MM: Oh, the fork. 
GR: Is that something you would look into? 
CT: I mean he’s got it up literally as a player. 
BB: I literally have a map of Kansas City up right now. 
GR: So, there’s something that’s worth noting about Kansas City is that is a really chaotic piece of town. Dak, you would probably know that no trucker wants to spend a night in Kansas City unless they’re trying to kill…
MM: Fucker Mary. 
GR: There you go. Kansas City is known for its massive gang wars between whoever runs this part of the Ghost Highway. And there’s two major parts of Kansas City. There’s a far northern suburb and then there’s Kansas City proper. So, depending on how it’s going for people moving through, sometimes the northern is the easier one to get through. Sometimes the southern. But it is always kind of in a state of upheaval, so it’s hard to say which is which unless someone wants to do some knowledge checks or blah, blah, blah. Could maybe give you some more information with some good frigging dice rolls. 
MM: I’ll do a knowledge check just because Dak has driven through here before. 
GR: Yes. 
MM: And I’m sure he probably has some sons in Kansas City we haven’t met yet. 
GR: When would you say is the last time you came through Kansas City? 
MM: Let’s say Dak came through Kansas City the last time he went to Chicago, right before he met Tech Wizard and started the great Chicago gang wars. 
GR: So, earlier this year. 
BB: Real quick. Do we want to take a sec to distribute some dice? 
GR: Yeah. 
BB: Just because that’s going to be loud. 
CT: While this is happening, I have to pee again. I’m so sorry. 
BB: Oh dude. Hey, Casey Toney is going to take a pee, listeners. If you’re listening, maybe now’s a great for you to take a pee break too. And you know what? 
CT: I’m taking my mic in, so you can hear the stream because I’m—
GR: Oh, don’t worry. You don’t need to bring it with you. 
MM: We could unplug these mics and you would still hear Casey Toney from whereever you’re listening. 
ES: Go peep, peep, peep, peep. 
CT: I’ll keep the door open, so you guys can hear it. 
MM: Oh my God, dude. 
BB: If you hear a Russian waterfall miles in the distance, it’s Casey Toney letting his flow go. 
MM: He’s peeing right next to the toilet. 
ES: He’s going pee pee. Pee pee. Pee pee. 
MM: He’s just peeing right into the trash can. 
BB: I jokingly gave Casey only eight dice, so that he could have to get 20 more in order to do any of his schools. 
ES: He’s going pee pee. 
PP7: It’s me. PP7. 
PP1: Oh, PP7. Hello. 
PP2: Hello, PP7. 
PP1: PP7. 
PP2: Are we waiting for? 
PP1: When for happen? 
PP2 and PP7: On the PP phone. 
PP7: Oh I got it. Hello? Oh. Hello? I was trying to reach my friends, PP1 and PP2? It’s me. PP7. 
PP2: Oh my God. You’re back. 
PP7: Have we met before? 
PP2: I think so. You left for the great sand dunes when you were but a wee PP. 
PP7: Yes, that is right. I went to the great sand dunes to fight the incredible worms of the sand. 
PP1: Wow. This PP7 is a fighter. You are.
PP2: He is a patriot. Oh PP7. Put me on speaker phone, so my PP family can PP hear me. 
PP1: What does PP3 saying? 
PP7: You’re speaker phone now? 
PP1: Oh, PP3. Hi. 
PP3: Hello. Just calling for my weekly checkup. 
PP1: Oh, we missed you. 
PP2: PP3, what does the room look like that you are in today? 
PP3: It’s all blue. All the walls are blue. 
PP1: Oh. Today it’s everywhere blue? 
PP3: Yes, today it was red and tomorrow it shall be a low. 
PP1: Are you sure? 
MM: Just a side note. PP3 is walking through a giant hyper cube of rooms that all look different and we never hear about that side of PP3, but…
PP3: PP3 is doing okay. I’m doing fine. 
PP1: Oh, PP—
PP2: Oh, it’s PP PP. 
PP1: I hear PP who went PP. 
PP2: Oh PP PP. 
PPPPP: It’s me. PPPP!
PP1: Oh, PPPP. 
PP2: Hello PPPP. 
PPPP: I came here from a flush for you PPs. 
PP1: Oh, this PP is so cute. PP1: Big ring. 
PPPP: I’m made of kidney stones, PP. 
PP1: This PP is very small. 
PP7: He’s made of kidney stones. 
PP2: It will be fun to see how he gets drawn by the fans. 
PP1: He looks a little bit—
PP2: As a being made of kidney stones. 
PPPP: I’m still bloody and pus-y. 
PP1:Oh yeah. Oh no no. 
PP2: Oh, black little pus. You are like the NeoScum character, Zenith. 
PP1: No, no, no.
PPPP: He thinks I’m-
PP7: Are you talking about my least favorite description that’s ever happened? 
PP1: Me too I think. 
PP7: My favorite podcast? 
PP1: No. I don’t want to talk about anymore pus. No more pus. 
PP7: Yes? 
PP3: It’s funny you say that. The hyper cube I’m walking through has pus everywhere. 
PP7: Oh, you’re breaking up. You’re breaking up. Oh, I lost him. He’s gone. 
PP2: Oh he’s gone. It’s just me and PP7. 
PP7: Yes. 
PP1: I’m here as well but whatever. 
PP2: Of course. PP1 is always here. That is part of me. 
PP7: PP2? 
PP2: Yeah? 
PP7: Is your refrigerator running? 
BB: We cut to PP3 for one second. “I guess they’ll never know the truth.” 
MM: I’m beat. 
CT: Oh. I’m sorry. 
MM: Oh. Never mind. 
CT: I just got excited. 
MM: It’s okay. You can get excited. 
PP1: It was very dark. 
MM: I was going to reveal that Binbon was in that room and he was paying PP3. 
 Anyway, we don’t...It’s not cannon. 
BB: It would have been great crossover. Finally link the two universes. 
GR: The PPs and the Binbons?
CT: Yeah. 
BB: Casey, I jokingly gave you more dice. 
CT: I didn’t even notice. 
MM: It’s freaking disgusting. I’m Binbon. This is the Binbon voice. 
GR: So, everyone’s got dice now.
CT: A whole lot. 
ES: Red ones. 
BB: Casey is almost half as much as you’ll need to be able to roll any single magic spell. 
GR: Okay, if you want to know specific aspects about Kansas City proper and the northern suburbs. When you make a roll, tell me what information you are seeking to know and how you’re accessing it through—we’re saying before—Dak Rambo’s memory or Z messing with the mapsoft or hopping online or what have you. 
CT: I’m just going to check Dak’s brain Internet real quick if that’s cool. 
MM: Yeah, log on. Please. 
TW: Dak, can I get in your mind Internet or your mind palace real quick and check your brain Internet? 
DR: The password is car alarm 1. And the password is Beans is dead. 
CT: Are you checking if that’s yours? 
ES: I want to see if that’s my car. 
BB: We should wait, right? 
GR: Oh.
MM: This give me time to look up navigation. I’m going to do a navigation roll. 
CT: Wow, this is weird. When I’m in Dak’s mind palace, I’ve got big old jugs. 
DR: Hey, Tech. 
CT: But the body of an elephant. 
DR: Yep. That’s true. I’m not in the room you’re in right now. I”m just a ghost, but I’ll show you around. You want to see something cool? There’s a trap door right underneath you. 
TW: Oh. 
DR: Go in that trap door. 
TW: Okay. 
DR: And he crawls in the trap door and he just in a room. 
TW: Oh. 
DR: And the door closes, and you’re trapped in the room. It’s—
TW: You know what? I kind of like this more than anything else. 
CT: And he falls asleep, and he starts being unborn and turning in a fucking zygote. And—
GR: How are you inside Dak Rambo’s brain Internet? 
CT: Dude enough. It’s just a dumb bit. 
MM: We’re just doing a dumb bit. 
GR: I know. But I have to be that annoying. 
MM: I got three hits. 
GR: Okay, that’s good. So, interesting thing you recall about moving through this. So, last time you were travelling, you were still league friendly. Maybe not the best league standings, but I mean, league friendly after all. Across from the northern suburb is a rogue trucker outpost in the town of Troy. The kind of truckers who are not messing with the League of Truckers. This is definitely a spot that they will all move through on their illegal travels. That’s who travels through the Ghost Highway. Rogue truckers. 
MM: I would like to say while I was not a rogue trucker before the events that you have listened to in this podcast, Dak had some friends on the other side of the aisle. Trucking is a bipartisan thing. And if you want to get that payload where it’s got to go, sometimes you got to talk to the enemy of your enemy. 
GR: Would you say you are a trucking centrist? 
MM: I’m the real Emmanuel Macron of trucking. Emmanuel Dak Rambo. Vive le France. 
BB: I was going to do a Matrix perception check. I’m not looking for a specific thing, I’m just looking for general levels of Matrix activity over the area of Kansas City. 
GR: Very interesting. 
CT: We can contribute pretty much nothing to this. 
GR: That’s a good roll. 
BB: I got five hits. 
GR: You’re checking out the Matrix signatures activity in the two areas. It seems less active in Kansas City proper. There’s definitely more activity in the north. In fact, since that it is a pretty darn good roll, you would say that less Matrix activities is indicative of more ghost riders who are not as technologically tapped in as the Devil Girls. They’re prime rival next to the Hot Doggers. The top part actually, you can see a lot of rogue trucker signatures moving through. There’s a lot of different trucking from these different outlaw trucking companies and some independent movers. But you are seeing Devil Girl signatures from the northern suburbs. 
BB: Z takes all this info and plots it on his mapsoft while he’s projecting it on the inside of the cabin, so we see little dots that are activity; and of course, he’s making his robot noises. 
DR: You know, on the north side, we’ve got some rogue trucker hubs, which technically, we’re all rogue truckers now. 
Z: Right. 
DR: You guys are honorary truckers. If anyone wants a trucker hat, I’ve got a pallet filled with misprint trucker hats of Super Bowl teams that didn’t win in the back. 
CT: Tech Wizard and Pox scramble over the seats through the secret door that leads into the—
ES: Pox climbs to the top of the pallet. She’s near the ceiling, just burrowing into these boxes and throwing hats down. 
M: Wow, those are some nice hats. 
BB: Z also jumps into the cabin of the truck, but immediately he sees the pod and then just puts his hand on the pod and zones out while everyone is just diving through. 
GR: It’s cold. It’s so cold on your hand. It reminds you of a place that was cold. You’re lying on a bed. There’s one blanket. You were just experiencing some sort of Matrix experience. But you’re out of it and you’re lying in the blanket. And you wish there were more blankets. You’re young. Very young. 
BB: Z just starts shivering. 
MM: As everyone is in the trailer, Dak is alone and he finally lets one rip. But what hats do you guys find? 
P: Look, I found this hat. It’s red and it says, “Bull ‘25.”
TW: I’m sorry. What? 
P: Bull ‘25. 
TW: Bull ‘25? 
Z: When the Bulls almost won the Super Bowl in 2025.
TW: Ah, yes. 
ES: But it just says, “Bull ‘25.” 
M: Bull ‘25. You know that’s actually something they talk a lot in that holovid show that I watch. 
P: What? Is it real? 
M: Yeah. Bull. You know. It’s a Devil Girl drug. 
P: I’m wearing this hat. 
M: They all do this crazy steroid called Bull. It’s a big part of the TV show. 
P: That’s how they’re so big? 
M: The TV show is ripped from the headlines, so that why they’re big. They take this drug called Bull. So, Bull ‘25, I don’t know, maybe he got it from some Devil Girls or like something.
TW: Where did you get it? You just? 
M: I don’t know. They just do it like crazy. 
P: Oh my God. I’m going to—
TW: And they just have it on them if we were to run in...They would—
DR: I think it—
P: They wouldn’t have it on them. Don’t worry, okay? Stop freaking out. 
M: It’s what they talk about in the holovid. 
MM: From the cabin…
DR: It’s an initiation drug. 
BB: Z snaps out of it. 
TW: Wow, that sounds…
DR: Did you guys pick some good hats? 
M: I got a hat says, “Ball Ass.” 
DR: Yeah. Oh, that’s mine actually. 
CT: It says, “Bully.” 
M: Oh okay. Sorry. 
DR: No, you can wear it. 
M: Oh thanks. 
DR: Boy, it’s—
GR: Gives you another looks that he quickly stifles. And instead he does a pelvic thrust, and he touches the wall with his head and he says…
M: I love the smell of the truck. 
P: Oh, I found a blank hat and I just wrote something on it for you, Tech. It says, “I love my Nan.” 
TW: Oh, Pox. 
P: You’re welcome. 
TW: That’s so sweet and—
P: You can toss it you don’t want it. 
TW: No. 
CT: Tech Wizard puts it on his head, but he’s digging through the other hats, still curious to see what he can find. You know and they’re having fun. They’ve all got their hats and they’re playing and cheery music is going on as they’re laughing about the names. And then Tech Wizard, you see him pull out one hat. And he slows down, and is staring at the hat as if he’s being sucked into it. And, one by one, the group notices that he’s quiet and turns to look at him just staring at the image on this white hat. It’s the bust a strong handsome man with his arms crossed. Dark features with white eyebrows beaming brightly. And the text underneath it says, “I’m for Fayglin.” 
GR: Good...
GR, CT, BB, and ES: middle.
CT: Welcome to the middle. 
GR: Welcome to the middle. This is the middle. 
MM: This is Mike Middle. 
ES: I’m right in the middle. 
GR: I’m Malcom in the Middle. 
ES: You are. 
BB: I’m Blair Charles Brittle in the Middle. 
CT: Casey “Middle” Toney. And you don’t this, but that kind of rhymes with my actual middle name. 
MM: What is it? 
BB: Little. 
MM: Ittle? 
CT: Spittle. 
MM: Spittle!
ES: Your middle name is spittle? 
MM: Casey “Spittle” Toney. 
ES: Woah. 
MM: My middle name is… That was a happy sigh. 
ES: That exasperated sigh was…
CT: He had some eyes for sure. 
MM: Smiling eyes. 
GR: No, I’m sorry. I love baby voices. I’m not a negative guy.
MM: Casey can really do a very good baby cry. 
CT: Over there on mic sometime but not today. 
MM: Bonus content. 
BB: What’s funny though is what you will never know listeners, that we just employ a baby as part of our sound recordings. 
MM: His name’s baby Jerry. 
CT: Yeah, we plug the USB into his belly button. 
GR: Speaking of babies, I want to bring up something. So, everyone who’s not Catalyst Games just walk away from listening to this for a second. I’ll give you a moment. 
BB: Are you gone? 
MM: Baby Jerry works for Catalyst Games.
GR: Okay, are you gone? Is only Catalyst Games here? Yo, Catalyst Games. What the heck is up with your latest expansion making pregnancy a negative quality? Oh brother. Whatcha’ doing? 
CT: I’ll tell you what man. If you had a pregnant troll and she had frigging troll fetus in her stomach, that’s two people that could beat you up. You know what I’m saying? 
BB: The baby troll could just reach his hand out and rip the head off of someone, you know? 
CT: And they do. They’re known to do that. 
GR: Catalyst Games, have you ever witnessed the beauty of birth? Okay? It rocks and is good.
ES: Also, pregnancy is power like you’re making a fucking living creature. 
CT: You know it is a fictional world, so they definitely could have made it that like, they could made it like pregnant women are Super Saiyens or something? 
BB: I mean you could make that whole concept. You can capture that in the game without just making it all negative qualities about how tired people are when they’re pregnant. 
ES: It’s just like—
BB: Like that’s possible. You’re making your own fucking game. 
ES: I feel like it’s sick being like, “Oh, you’re on your period? That’s a negative quality.” 
BB: For real. Yeah. 
MM: I think we should do a reboot of NeoScum all as pregnant characters. 
BB: Make up our own qualities system for it. 
CT: Dak Prego. 
MM: Dak. I’m Dak Prego. Baby on board. 
GR: Toot toot.
BB: That was the baby shooting the air. 
MM: The baby just shot Dak Prego in the head and crawled out. Pretty cool. 
GR: So, this is just a tip to Catalyst Games. If you want to make a million bucks, hire NeoScum. The premier podcast for all Shadowrun actual roleplay comedy podcasts. 
CT: Dude, we would love to make a frigging spinoff, dude. 
MM: This is unrelated to the normal stuff we talk about, but universal healthcare should be something that we all have. 
CT: Yeah, for sure dude. 
MM: And Gannon and I were talking about this earlier. We were like, “Man, it sucks that Casey can’t just edit NeoScum as a job and universal healthcare is one step towards all of us doing this as a job. 
CT: Universal basic income. Next baby. 
BB: We also wanted to throw a shout out to our dude, Dread Singles. 
GR: Shout Out. Dread Singles. 
CT: Oh God. Yeah. 
ES: Yes. 
MM: Huge thank you to Dread Singles on Twitter on the Internet. Dread Singles. The abyss stares at us and we stare back smiling. 
BB: He ran a follower drive. Is that what you’d probably call it? 
ES: Yeah, a follower drive. 
BB: Giving away free merch for people following our Twitter and we super appreciate it. That’s so dope. 
CT: That’s incredible. 
MM: Check out Dread Singles—
GR: Isn’t it @hottestsingles? 
CT and BB: It’s @hottestsingles. 
MM: Dread Singles. Keep on rocking on. We love you. If you’re ever in Chicago, and you want to hang out with us, please hit us up. Hit the DM. Hit the line. We got the loud. 
CT: Yeah, dude. 
MM: Big doinks. We’ll smoke them up. 
BB: And you can come stream with us. It’ll be a real blast. 
MM: You smoke weed, Dread Singles? 
ES: Do you? Unless you’re allergic, then no. 
CT: Dude, talk back to your podcast right now. We’ll know.
MM: Oh, very interesting. 
CT: It’s not what I expected. I’m loving it. 
BB: Oh shit. Holy hell. Guys, what’s that over there? 
ES: Woah. 
BB: Is that the rest of the episode? 
GR: Every single middle, the rest of the episode just comes roaring at us like a train and we forget it every single time, yet here it is again. 
MM: It’s coming. 
GR: It’s coming so quickly—
CT: Let’s set some cans up on strings so we know next time. 
MM: We only have a little bit of time left before it. 
ES: Ah, I’m tied to the tracks. 
MM: No! Get Eleni out of there. 
CT: We have to leave her. We save ourselves or we save her. 
ES: I don’t want to die. 
MM: We don’t have a podcast without Eleni, damnit!
GR: Mike, you just ripped off your shirt and you’re running as fast you can like an anime character. 
MM: Thanks, Gannon. That’s what I’m doing. Eleni!
GR: Oh wow. 
ES: Yay. I’m saved. 
CT: Wait, I’m tied down now. 
ES: No!
CT: I’m tied down. Help me please. 
ES: I have a scissors.
MM: I have a scissors. 
BB: I’m in the corner with a hug mustache twirling it around finger laughing manically. 
MM: That’s a classic.
GR: That’s so nice. I’m getting hit by the train right now. And my body is being ripped into shreds. 
ES: No!
CT: Dude, I’m on the food cart, and I’m loving it. 
MM: You’ve got a food cart? 
BB: I’m also ripping it to shreds. 
CT: I’m on the food cart, and there’s an open window. And I just Whoop. Sweet thing. 
MM: Oh, a dining car? 
CT: Yeah. 
ES: Woah. You’re the luckiest. 
BB: Oh, you’re in? You jump on the train? 
CT: Yeah. 
BB: Dang dude. 
CT: I’m back in the episode baby.
MM: And we’re still in the middle. 
BB: Casey’s back in the episode and we have to find our way out of this interlude. 
MM: Yikes. We got 20 minutes to get out. 
ES: I guess we need to describe how we died from this train. 
MM: It’s over. 
GR: Okay. Here it is. 
BB: Love you. 
ES: Bye. 
Z: Hey, man. Got any good stories about old Tech Wiz we can raz him about later? 
N: I remember Squirt as a boy. He cared so much for the other children on the block. Always looking out for them. But when the hard times came and they forced us to leave, he stood up. Oh, it’s a long story and a sad story. 
DR: I think we’re all game to listen for however long the story is. 
GR: She tells a long and touching story about how when they were displaced from their magic ghetto in Idaho when Tech was about four years old. When the Lonestar troops were moving them, Tech Wizard kicked at their shoes. And he was so young, they weren’t going to hurt him, but it was something that she would go on to tell other members of the family for a long time. And it’s a very cherished memory of hers. 
DR: Mrs. Nana, I understand you’ve lived a hard and long life. If there is any one person on this planet that you want me to put a bullet in their brain, all I need is a name. And the last thing they’ll see is a bullet going right into their eye courtesy of old Nana and old Dak Rambo. 
GR: Her eyes widen. 
DR: Our little secret. 
N: Come closer to me. 
MM: Dak Rambo comes closer. 
N: Fayglin Morose.
DR: Fayglin Morose. 
Z: I got it. 
DR: Thank you. 
P: Fayglin. 
DR: Hey, does anyone remember the name Nana says? 
Z: Fayglin Morose. I got it. 
DR: Fayglin Morose. 
Z: You want me to conduct a Matrix search real quick? 
P: Hey, Nana? 
DR: Let’s wait for a good time. 
Z: Okay. 
CT: Tech Wizard is just shaking, holding the hat. 
M: Yeah, so my hat says, “Ball Ass,” and I get to have it and I love my dad, Dak. 
P: You sure it’s ball ass and not “ball azz.” 
M: Ball? Oh, maybe it says, “Ballas.” 
DR: No it says, “Ball Ass.”
P: Oh, ball ass. 
M: Its says, “Ball Ass.” So are going to...yeah, huh? 
BB: Z takes an extra second just looking at the hat because essentially saved this name somewhere in his cyber deck. And he just takes an extra second, then looks at it and then looks at Tech and then turns back towards the group. 
TW: Dak, where did you get all these hats again? 
DR: What? Hold on. I’m in the cabin. 
TW: Dak, where did you get all these hats? 
M: Oh, well the pallet says, “Made in Denver.” It says, “Made in Denver”? 
Z: I think that’s a city, Max. 
M: Oh. 
DR: Yeah, I got it from Denver, Colorado. 
TW: You said these are all failed sports rejects and politicians and stuff like that? 
DR: It’s just like a grab bag of hats with typos on them. Sport champions that never were. Politicians with failed campaigns. Funny Myrtle Beach hats. There's a lot of Myrtle Beach hats. I’m surprised no one pulled any Myrtle Beach hats. 
Z: I’ve just found a Myrtle Beach hat in here. 
MM: In Shadowrun, Myrtle Beach is like New York City. 
BB: Terrifying. 
MM: It’s a hug metropolis. Myrtle Beach is like if humanity had one city that was not corrupted by the taint of the mistakes of Adam and Eve. It’s Myrtle Beach. 
GR: Got it. 
Z: We’re really filling out the world for Gannon right now. 
MM: Gannon yeah. Myrtle Beach rules. 
BB: Z is pulling up a hat that has a couple. One of them, it’s an elf lady and a troll man. And they’re both relaxing on lounge chairs, overlooking a beach with a palm tree in the background. And the troll guy has heavy cyber augmentations and stuff. It’s a very Shadowrun version of a nice beach vacation shot. 
M: Maybe we can look at some more hats? 
DR: There’s another pallet. “Fuck it” hats. 
CT: Tech Wizard rushes back into the cabin of Xanadu, where Z’s ocular drone has remained hovering displaying the map of America leading to L.A. with these different stops. And—
BB: Like the little heap map of Kansas City? 
CT: Yeah, exactly. 
GR: It’s a glowing holographic map. 
CT: And it’s still there because obviously everybody rushed back quickly to go check the hats. And Tech Wizard, where it’s projected holographically but against the window, his face is practically up to it. And he’s tracing with his finger the inner states towards Denver. 
GR: You notice that the current path that you are on that is projected for you is going to go through Denver. 
BB: I-70, baby!
GR: That’s about...I mean it’s hard to say hourwise because of the chaos on the road, but that is…
BB: I’m from Colorado. It definitely passes straight through. 
CT: No, it’s like pictures. 
GR: No, it does. It does. It’s about a half a day to a day away. 
CT: Tech Wizard starts breathing a little heavily and just plops back into the front seat of Xanadu with “I love Nan” on his head. 
BB: Z walks back up to his ocular drone and this is something he does pretty often, but it’s floating in the air. And walks into it so his eye slowly occupies the...until it slowly slurps back into his brain. And of course the prerequisite amount. 15 gallons of pus spew into the room. 
ES: Hey hit it. 
MM: It starts to smell worse than Dak’s fart in there because of all the pus. The hot pus. 
BB: Everybody is soaked in pus and now it takes a minus one to all stats. 
MM: The good things is that the ASMR we’re about to do, is going to restore the pus. 
GR: So, are you guys going to go to the area? 
BB: Yeah. 
GR: So, you guys. You gotta’ pick. Are you going to be going through the northern part of Kansas City or the southern part of Kansas City? 
Z: I think we should go north. 
DR: I vote for the south and here’s why. I’m all for seeing some fellow rogue truckers, but that’s where the Devil Ladies are. And I’m pretty sure those Devil Ladies fucking hate our guts. 
P: So, you want to go there? 
DR: No, I want to go south where the Ghostriders are because I don’t think we’ve really pissed them off yet. 
Z: My thought is, based on the map we got here, it just looks like there’s more people that I’m going be able to detect if we go on the northern route. I mean if rogue truckers are going through there…
P: I think we should go north because our track record is that we meet people and then they hate us. And then they go after us and they try to kill us. And why upset a whole new group of people when we could stick to the ones that already hate us? 
TW: I just want to say we did kill a few Ghostriders, so they’re not psyched about us. 
P: Oh, we did. 
TW: We did. It’s definitely—
DR: Yeah, but our body is greater on the Devil Ladies. And here’s one other thing I just want to bring up. Rogue trucker. That’s me. Dak Rambo. Rogue truckers fall on a whole spectrum of fucking insane. There’s your Dak Rambo types. Your handsome sort of cool guys. There’s your truckers who are missing part of their brain, and all they can think about is the next time they’re going to eat a Twinkie. These guys are a whole another breed of trucker, and if they’re up there, I don’t know what we might run into. 
GR: Rain starts coming down a little harder. 
DR: Oh, I like the rain. 
GR: Raining solidly now. 
TW: I guess my only thinking is two things. The first time I met a wild renegade trucker. Whether or not he was part of any sort of conglomerate of truckers. While that turned my life around and made it better than it’s ever been before. So, I’m partial to trusting in truckers who don’t accept bullshit, which is what I think those people might be. But the second thing is, again, anywhere we go, more semi trucks means more NeoScum semi trucks. More cover. It could happen. 
P: So, you say north as well? 
TW: I say north as well. 
P: That’s three north. 
Z: Dak, we might have you on this on. 
DR: Hey look. I’m not going to go against the flow. I just want to describe one more insane rogue trucker that I know. This guy’s got scissors for hands. 
Z: What’s his name? 
DR: His name is King Penguin. He’s got scissors for hands and he drives his truck with a giant...his steering wheel is more scissors. This guys loves scissors. I don’t know why he likes scissors so much. He transports all sorts of goods. Cereal. Normal things. 
P: Does he lift them? 
DR: No, he doesn’t lift them. He’s got a little robot buddy named Baron Ray. 
P: That’s so cute. I hope we meet them. 
DR: These guys are not league truckers. Let’s go north. 
GR: You guys are rolling down, so we’re going to jump forward in time. Some hours have passed. About two hours have passed. You’re seeing in the distance...it’s these garrish lights. You can tell that this is, i.e. I never mentioned the name of the northern suburbs. You see a sign that says, “Welcome to Josephine.” You’re seeing these kinds of bulbous massive brick buildings that heave in a huge monstrous almost way. And there’s light shining up on them, so they looks monstrous. And you can tell that in the distance that’s the town of Josephine. As you’re coming closer, you notice that you’re the only truckers on the freeway. It’s been like that for a little bit. Then you see, in the distance, also similarly garrishly light, there’s a big obstruction on the road. And there’s these emergency construction lights just pointing at them. And this is some ways away, but it’s six smashed trucks blocking almost all the lanes of traffic except for one lane. And you can see also leading up to it, there are wrecked vehicles on the way as you get closer. If someone wants to do a perception check, I can maybe tell you a little bit more. 
ES: Oh, hell yeah. 
MM: Real quick, I’m going to do what I’ve wanted to for a while with Xanadu. Getting a vibe that we may be walking into a trap or an ambush or shakedown or unofficial toll or some sort of fucked up scenario, Dak takes out his remaining Ares Predator and sticks his hand out the window and you see a robotic arm reach down, grab the gun, and with one giant hand, just cock it. 
CT: Oh, hell yeah. 
GR: An Ares Predator? How big is that gun? 
MM: Imagine…
BB: It’s a big—
GR: Because I imagine the hand as big as a human torso. Am I wrong there? 
MM: I imagined it as a tiny child’s—
GR: You just described it as huge. 
ES: I imagined it as huge. 
MM: The arm is huge. The hand is tiny and delicate. 
BB: A baby hand on the…
ES: It’s just this buff arm with a tiny hand. 
GR: But you tried to grab a trucker? 
MM: I tried to grab their head. 
GR: Er, a Devil Lady? 
MM: I can grab your head with my hand and crush it. I’m not going to. 
GR: So, it’s like a troll-sized human hand. 
MM: I like the idea that it’s a troll-sized hand. So, if it pinches something, it could do some damage because it’s got pistons and stuff. 
BB: Here’s the rules mediations lawyer coming in. Okay, it can fire the gun, but at a great penalty. 
MM: I willingly take that penalty, just because I like the idea that ever since Dak got that hand, he’s been dreaming of—
CT: Giving it a gun. 
MM: Giving it a gun. Because he loves Xanadu. Xanadu does so much for him and he want Xanadu to be able, like every American, to own a gun and defend himself. 
GR: You know, actually, I just thought. You, as a gearhead, your advantage as a gearhead, you might be able to fire a smaller gun at about the same because...
MM: He’s just that good. 
GR: it plays into your ability of car combat. Xanadu’s got a gun now. That’s cool. Let’s move over. 
BB: Wait. Did you roll perception? 
ES: Yep. 
GR: Two hits. 
BB: I was going to roll Clear Sight on my ocular drone.
GR: Okay. Go for it. 
MM: Is Pox’s Battle Sense going off? 
GR: Oh yeah. Your Battle Sense is definitely getting—
P: I can’t see anything. I don’t know what I can see actually, but I do feel feelings that are not good, you guys. 
ES: That was very nice.
BB: So, Z, using his ocular drone, runs the Clear Sight program. So, he’s scanning with his ocular drone and I got three hits. 
CT: Tech Wizard stares real hard. And gets one hit. No two. Two. 
GR: Two hits. So, first thing you see, Z? As you’re doing a Matrix scan on what everyone’s got going on. You see something that no one else sees, which is that this is a hulking, frightening look wreck in front of you. On the top part of that, you see two machine guns. Two mounted machine guns. One looks pretty serious like military grade. A pretty powerful automatic machine gun. And you can see they are linked in. Two people are currently sitting in the machine. TW? You are looking at the carnage on the way up to it, and you’re seeing there are bullet holes all up and down the road leading up this one way in kind of thing. And these vehicles off to the side, you see there are bodies inside of these vehicles and it looks they were shot up. 
CT: Recently? 
GR: Yeah. You can also see there’s tire treads, so it looks like they were pulled away. 
CT: None of them were trucks though. 
GR: Oh no. They’re trucks. 
CT: Oh, they are trucks? 
GR: They’re trucks, motorcycles, and regular cars. 
MM: Gannon, would I recognize the area that we’re about to enter as like, did it look this way on the way out? 
GR: Okay, that’s a really great point. When you went through it earlier this year, say like six, seven months ago? There was a toll area here. You remember the big bulbous buildings. That is a staple, but this is new. 
DR: This is new. 
GR: This is new, but it’s crazy because it’s such a hideous thing that you’re seeing. You are seeing what you can clearly recognize. You just connected right ahead. You can see a Devil Girl. A big...you can’t tell the metatype from the distance. But you can see a big red body inside one of the cabins of the truck and you can make out that it looks like it’s set up like a toll booth. 
P: A Devil Girl? Geez. 
DR: Do you guys quickly want to put on disguises? 
P: Yes!
Z: Guys, just wanted to give a real quick heads up. They have some pretty serious equipment up on top of the trucks right now. 
DR: Are they smart linkable? Can Max go inside that one machine gun that you just told me about? 
Z: Yeah. There are two huge automated machine guns up here. One of them looks insane and the other one’s also pretty impressive. 
DR: Max, you want to hop in the insane one just in case shit goes south? You don’t have to. 
M: I don’t really...I mean I can try. 
DR: It would pretty ball ass of you. 
GR: He looks pretty nervous. 
M: I mean I’ll do it if you want me to do it. 
Z: I think these guys are going to know if they get Matrix breached. 
DR: Maybe just keep it as an option on the floor in case something goes bad, but I mean this clearly looks like we’re going through city gates right now. 
TW: Right. That’s what I mean. 
DR: I just know that I think I shot a Devil Lady in the face. I think I saw you guys wreck some Devil Ladies. Tech, you killed some with magic. 
TW: They don’t...This is going to sound crazy, but they don’t know Max. 
P: They don’t know me. 
TW: They do know you, actually very well. You’ve had conversations with them. 
Z: Both of us have negative qualities of distinctive styles, so we’d get recognized. 
TW: So do I. They don’t know Max.
P: But I’ve also got really great impersonation and I’ll do my job, which is to kill them. 
Z: What do we want to do? We’re coming up real quick. If you want, I can try to get inside this machine gun while we’re still far away. 
MM: As you’re looking at the machine gun, you look back and Dak is wearing a fake beard right now. 
TW: Dak? 
DR: What? 
TW: You kind of look like Beans. 
DR: Okay. 
TW: You look like Beans. 
DR: You just insulted me. 
TW: No, there’s something about the beard. It’s just like Beans. 
DR: This is gorilla hair. 
P: Oh. 
TW: Well, that must be it. 
DR: This is a gorilla mask. 
TW: This is really weird. Can you just give it a shot? 
DR: I’m Beans. I fucking suck. Oh, I’m definitely dead. I’m burning in hell right now. 
TW: That sounds like Beans? 
DR: I don’t have a family, and I’m a bad guy. 
TW: That sounds like Beans. 
DR: I didn’t give it a good go. Can I try one more time? 
TW: Yeah, one more time. 
DR: I am Beans. I reckon your better owe me 500 Nuyen. Something like that maybe? 
CT: Tech Wizard has goose bumps right now. 
DR: I don’t know. Just something I tried. 
Z: What do you guys want to do? 
P: I want to surprise them with a song and dance.
DR: We could be a travelling rock band. 
P: Yes! Oh, I’ve got the perfect wig for that. 
ES: And Pox pulls out a wig out of her pocket. And it’s just a green mohawk. 
Z: I don’t know guys. It seems like they’re going to find out who we are. 
BB: Z is super stressed and starting to pull his own hair. 
DR: Great. Be bald. That’s a good look. 
Z: No, I’m serious, guys. How are we going to get through this thing? If they notice who we are, they’ll just kill us right there. 
DR: Okay, well let’s quick—
P: How many are there? I only saw one. 
Z: They have two machine guns and at least one person in the cabin, right? All they need is one machine gun. 
DR: Haven’t we already killed every single Devil Lady that we’ve encountered? Has anyone gotten home? 
TW: Yeah, but this is like...We’re going into a town. Those are city gates like you said. 
Z: Have your guys ever broken into a town with some sort fortified barricade? 
DR: Yeah. 
Z: Oh. Okay. Great. 
DR: Yeah, I have. I went inside. I pretended to be in a rock band. I put this...This is my lucky beard. 
Z: It does look good. 
TW: Wait a minute. Rock band, right? I’m going to try something. 
CT: Tech Wizard…
BB: Are you trying something like you’re going to initiate combat and... 
CT: No. 
BB: then let us clean up the mess after that happens because I do feel like if we’re going to do anything maybe let me preemptively like to look at how to get into this machine gun. 
TW: I would let you know. 
 GR: Now, it is raining very hard. 
MM: I love it. 
GR: Buckets. It is raining buckets, so it is hard to make out between here and there, which is why I needed those perception rolls to make those rather obvious observations. 
TW: Dak, you drive the truck with the beard. Be who ever. Be Beans. Be who ever. 
DR: I’m not going to be Beans.
TW: Okay. Be whoever. You have your disguise, Pox. And do an impersonation of some sort. Max can hang out. Z, you and me duck down and I will make the truck look like a tour truck. A big garrish ad for some fucking band. I don’t know…
Z: What’s the name of the band? 
TW: NeoSc—
M: Butt Ass. 
TW: What? 
M: Butt Ass. 
Z: Butt Ass. 
DR: Butt Ass. 
M: And I’m a roadie. 
P: Butt Ass. I love it. 
M: Like from the classic tv show Roadies. 
Z: Max, you do have one arm. So, you’re going to have to try twice as hard. 
M: Do you know who else had one arm? I’m talking about the drummer from Def Leppard. 
Z: He wasn’t a roadie though. He didn’t have to lift equipment. 
M: He isn’t. 
DR: He started as a roadie. 
Z: Did he? 
DR: That’s he earned his way into the band. 
Z: That’s also how he lost his arm. 
M: I believe anything my dad Dak says. 
DR: My name’s not Dak anymore. It’s Freakout. Yay!
Z: I do have these aviator sunglasses I got back at that costume shop. 
P: Yes!
BB: Z puts on his aviator sunglasses and then his black leather jacket with the big eyeball that’s smoking weed. 
P: What are you going to call yourself? 
Z: Dark Leather. 
P: Dark Leather. 
ES: Pox has the lime green mohawk on and she also has drawn a huge black smear across her eyes and she says…
P: My name is… My name is Smashtacular! 
Z: Also, I play bass. 
P And I play the fucking keyboard, bitch!
DR: Freakout does vocals. 
CT: No guitars. Just bass keyboards and vocals. 
Z: No you play guitar. 
TW: No, no. I’m ducking...I need to focus on this spell. And if we’re in the exact same amount of people that they had before, my description is too easy. That’ why.
Z: Tech if you don’t play guitar, it looks like Max has to play guitar. 
M: Sounds like it. 
DR: We’re Ball Ass. 
P: How are you going to play the guitar? 
Z: No questions. We gotta’ keep going. 
M: We don’t have time. 
MM: Just real quick. I’m going to take my beard off and wear a wig now. 
Z: Do you have white snake? Don’t you have a white suit you got at that thing? 
P: Why is your beard off? I’m Smashtacular!
MM: Okay. Freakout’s going to put on the white suit. I’m ditching the beard. And I’m going to some of this shoe polish and rub it all in my hair to make my hair jet black. 
Z: Hell yeah. 
P: You look kewl. 
Z: You look like Ron, man. 
DR: Like who? 
CT: Tech Wizard ducks down and concentrates hard and casts a force seven? That would trick a few people. 
GR: That’s a serious roll. 
 CT: A force seven Phantasm of Butt Ass, that freaky little band from San Jose on their way back from a reunion tour. 2076. With all the members on the side with their arms crossed. 
GR: Except for…
CT: Oh no. Except for…But you know? It’s not about the physical arms crossed? It’s about the ‘tude of having your arms crossed. So, I got five hits. 
GR: Five hits? Okay. It’s a lush and convincing...It’s just like... It comes over the truck. And Dak you stick your head out to look at it and it looks like its a part of your truck. 
DR: Cool. Freakout. 
GR: And also, your head is very wet because it is raining very hard. 
BB: Can I add something? The arm has gone from being a hand with a gun and now it just looks like a hand doing the fucking rock symbol. 
ES: An edge. 
MM: Over the edge it dropped the gun. 
BB: No, it still has the gun. 
GR: It still has the gun. 
BB: It looks like it is doing this, but it is literally holding the gun like that. 
ES: And the shoe polish in Dak’s hair, because of the rain, started spilling everywhere. So now, he’s covered in just ink. 
BB: So, it actually is just like a weird weathered look to it, you know? 
DR: I briefly switched into a four-piece white leather suit. And it’s...the top is stained by this shoe polish. 
GR: It looks like black metal. 
BB: And you have two teardrop black stains coming down your face. 
ES: Like Alice Cooper. 
GR: Like Alice Cooper. 
MM: Freakout looks super cool.
GR: So, you guys are driving forward now? 
ES: Yes. 
GR: You drive forward and all of sudden... Big lights come up on you. 
SA: Stop. You will stop. 
MM: We stop. 
GR: You hear the movement of guns and then silence. Heavy rain. 
SA: State your purpose. 
MM: From the sound speakers, I just blare the Andrew WK song, When it’s time to party, we will party hard. It goes into that. 
DR: This is not our song, but we like rock music. 
P: We’re here to party hard, bitch. 
DR: Anyone else want to say anything to these guys? 
Z: Oh, hey. What’s up? We’re just here to party. We’re just passing through. 
GR: Heavy rain. Heavy rain. 
BB: Is it the song Heavy Rain?
ES: No --
GR: It’s not the song. It’s just the sound. Heavy rain. 
MM: I turn Andrew WK down a little bit to give them a chance to respond. 
GR: It’s quiet. It’s really quiet. You hear a voice crackle in again. 
SA: You guys look like fucking idiots. 
GR: And it laughs. 
MM: That’s not really nice. 
Z: Hey man. That wasn’t cool, okay? 
SA: We’re going to light you up. 
GR: You hear the sounds of machine guns moving.
DR: Don’t worry, guys. Don’t worry. They’re just razzing us. 
BB: Z has poked his head back in the cabin and he’s like…
Z: Do you guys want me to hack the gun? 
P: Uh-huh. 
DR: Hold on. They’re testing us. 
Z: They’re testing…? Okay. 
DR: This is a test. Trust me. Max, get under the seat. 
M: Okay. 
DR: You don’t have to be here for this. 
TW: At least try to talk them out of it. 
M: Do you want me to jump into the gun? 
DR: Jump into the gun? 
P: I think you should both jump into the guns. 
Z: Okay, Max. Take the shitty gun. Can you see which one I’m talking about? 
M: No. Ye—yeah. 
Z: Okay. You know what I’m talking about? 
M: Yeah. 
Z: That’s one going to have lower security on it or something. It’s probably a lower rated device. It’s easier to hack into. 
M: Sure. I’ll just jump into the first gun is what I’ll do. 
MM: At this point, we’ve been in this little area for long enough, that quick Andrew WK song has ended and it’s gone right into Coming to America by Neil Diamond, which is like, “I thought I took this off the playlist.” And it’s just like, On the boats and on the planes. They com’in to America. 
GR: You hear the voice crackle out again. 
SA: What kind of music do you play? 
P: We play rock. Heavy rock music, bitch. 
DR: Yeah, we love rock music. 
P: We love rocking. 
DR: We love to rock and roll. We’re going to rock your world. 
P: My name is Smashtacular, bitch!
SA: You’re heavy? 
P: What? 
SA: Do you play heavy? 
Z: Yes. 
SA: Do you play this heavy? 
GR: And then you hear the sound of big, heavy machine gun firing as a warning shot right in front of you. And there’s asphalt blasting up, and it’s scary. 
P: Dude, why are you—?
DR: Oh my God. 
Z: Oh shit. 
MM: Dak looks out the window and he starts bobbing his head to the machine gun beat. Blah blah. 
CT: That terrified the fuck out of Tech Wizard. And he started to drop the spell, but he’s laying on the floor. And he looked at Dak do what Dak does and never giving an inch and fucking lean into it. And it gave him the confidence he needed and he kept the spell strong. 
MM: Yes! Dak looks out the window and he screams…
DR: Machine gun fire from hell! Ah, I’m going to die. I’m going to kill my father! Kill the father who art in Heaven. Put a knife up to God’s head. Slit him open from top to bottom. My name is Freakout. You will remember me. We are… What’s our name? What’s our fucking name? 
Z: Ball Butt. Ball Ass. 
P: Ball Ass. 
Z: Butt Ass. 
DR: We’re Butt Ass! 
SA: So, this guy wants to kill the Father, huh? Okay, not bad. Not bad for the fellow.
GR: You hear the laughter again. 
SA: You can come closer. 
Z: Okay. Still holding off from the attack, guys. 
ES: Pox does not like the ominous statement of kill the Father. She swallows. 
DR: Pox, I think these Devil Girls might have a thing against the patriarchy, so it may be a good idea if you are the—
Z: Vocalist? 
DR: Not the...I mean I already committed to being the vocalist. 
Z: Maybe you’re like back up vocals. 
P: I’m going be… I know what I’m doing, okay? I’m just going to stay in this thing. 
DR: You can be the puppet master. 
P: Yeah, the puppet master. 
DR: I’m just your little boy vocalist. 
P: You’re my little boy vocalist. 
DR: You can call me that now. 
P: Bitch. And I’m going to call you all a bitch. 
DR: Okay. Whatever
P: I’m hopping out of the car. Pox gets out. 
GR: You hear the sounds of machine guns move towards to you. You don’t know if towards you, but you just hear them move.
SA: Oh, looks like the guy pals coming on out. 
ES: Pox is also taken off her coat and left it in the car, so she’s wearing a tank top and shorts with her hands up. 
P: Hey guys. Like we’re just really trying to get our concert, so if you’d let us on through, that would be awesome. 
SA: It’s been along night. Maybe we want to hear a little something from you guys. 
P: Oh. 
SA: You can play a song, right? 
P: Absolutely. We’re so good at playing songs. Do you have a request or do you want to hear an original? 
SA: Yeah, I do have request.
P: Uh-huh? 
GR: The machine gun moves. It fires really loud again. Again, both of these shots, if they wanted to have hit you, they could have. But these were both warning shots. This one was very close to you like asphalt flying up. 
SA: My request is you start playing now. 
DR: We did a song before sort of. 
BB: Z rolls to hack the gun. Gannon, I guess I have a question. 
GR: For sure. 
BB: Can Z see the if Max has made progress by getting inside of this machine gun or not? 
GR: It doesn’t look like...Max has just been lying with a damp sweat all over him. It doesn’t look he’s started and he doesn’t know what to do. That’s pretty clear. 
BB: I’ll let Pox do this roll. 
ES: I’m going to roll Charisma and Pop Music. Three hits. 
GR: That’s four. 
ES: That’s three. And this is a four. 
GR: Oh. I thought it was a five. Okay. 
CT: Eleni. When the DM says it’s four, you say, “Yep...” 
ES: “That’s four.” 
MM: That’s good. Casey’s a secret cheater. 
GR: It’s three. Why don’t you sing it?
P: Okay. Here we go. One, two, three, four. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Ga, ga, ga…
DR: Kill God. Kill and his brother Steve. Kill God and his brother Steve. 
P: Baby. Baby, baby babyyy. 
DR: Death to the whales. 
P: Fuck bitch. That’s it. Thank you so much. 
MM: That was like a synopsis of the song. The actual song was super long. 
ES: No, that was punk as hell. 
GR: No, no. That was the perfect summation, so it’s silence. And by the way, you’re soaking wet right now. 
ES: Her mohawk is turned into hair on sides. 
GR: Okay, so you hear a... And you hear some hooting from the top of the machine guns. “Woo hoo!”
P: Thank you. Thanks. 
SA: Hey, that was good. That was pretty good. 
P: Thanks. 
SA: I like that Portland stuff. Portland classic rock. 
P: Yeah, I mean I guess it’s rock.
SA: Yeah, clearly. We’ll let you through. 
P: I—
SA: Heck, we’ll let them all through. How about that? We’ll let you all through. But you gotta’ give one of the fellas. 
P: Gotta’ give you one of the fellas? 
SA: Give us one of the fellas. 
P: That is no problem. Let me just step in and decide which one I’m going to give you. 
SA: Okay. 
P: I’ll be right back. 
SA: Give you about thirty seconds. 
Z: It’s gotta be Max. 
P: Tech, I need you to do Phantasm...I need you to project someone. Tech I need you to project a fake person and give it to them. 
TW: Okay. Okay. 
BB: Have you calculated Drain for that first spell you cast? 
CT: I’m still maintaining it, so it wouldn’t be until after. And here’s the thing. I could cast another Phantasm while maintaining the first one. I just have to take— 
MM: A penalty for doing two spells at once? 
CT: A Penalty. Yeah. 
P: Well, I’m not giving them somebody, so you’re going to do it. 
DR: Look, if you give them me…
M: I can go. 
DR: Max. 
Z: Max is the obvious choice. 
M: I’m ready. I could go. 
DR: Max is… Shut the fuck up. Where’ not giving Max. 
Z: I’m making a joke. That’s the only way I can process stress like this, okay? 
DR: But you fired Max up and now Max thinks he has to go. 
M: I’m ready to go. 
DR: You’re not going, Max. 
Z: Max you’re fine. 
M: We’ve got 19 seconds left, right? 
TW: Max, what would you do in there? What would you do? 
M: I don’t know. Whatever they want me to do. 
DR: Probably have the fucking time of his life. Let’s be real. Max. These Devil Girls. They’re…
M: 10 seconds. 
DR: They’re nasty adults. 
P: Fucking cast a phantasm. 
TW: F-f-f-...
Z: Okay, I’m going to roll...I’m going try to hack at the same time. 
MM: This is going to get nasty. 
MM: This is going to get nasty. 
Z: I got to slightly introduce this because I’m using a program I haven’t used before. So, he’s got a program called Fork, which essentially, if I’m running it on my cyber deck, I can target two things with the same Matrix action. It’s a fun little thing.
GR: Very, very cool. 
DR: Guys, I’m also willing to be the one that gets left behind because I think I could probably get my way out of there. 
ES: No. No one is getting left behind. 
BB: Yeah, we’ll just two split episodes where you find your way back. 
GR: Hey, we could. 
MM: Honestly, it would interesting. 
P: Who’s going? 
GR You’re at five seconds right now. You guys just have to make a decision.
BB: One, two. Damn. I got two hits to put a mark on it. 
GR: On one of them or both of them? 
BB: On both. 
GR: Okay. Fail. 
MM: Fuck it. 
CT: Does that mean that they are aware if he fails? 
P: Who’s going to drive the truck? 
DR: Max is. 
MM: Dak opens the door.
P: Max doesn’t know how to drive a fucking truck. 
GR: No, they didn’t notice. 
TW: They didn’t know. 
GR: You step out? 
MM: Yeah.
ES: Oh fucking shit. 
CT: Tech Wizard goes…
TW: Fuck! 
CT: And he goes invisible and steps out with you for a six.
BB: How many did you get? 
CT: Six, baby. 
GR: Nice. 
MM: Dak is stepping out with his white leather tuxedo, his fucked up makeup and stuff. And he has his cane gun with him and he’s walking with a decided limp. 
BB: And when he decided on this limp, which leg did he decide? 
MM: Oh boy. I think we’re going to find out in a moment right now. It was his left leg. 
GR: So, the lights...it’s like they shift on you like a spotlight.
SA: Oh, the big fella’, huh? Okay. Guns down. Let’s see you put those guns down right in front of you. 
DR: My gun or…? 
SA: I’m talking to you big guy. 
MM: Hold on. I got to get that voice right. 
DR: Yeah, I’m not holding a gun. 
SA: Okay. Strip down. 
DR: Yeah. Of course. I’ll take these clothes off. 
MM: He disrobes. What you thought was a four-piece suit is actually like a 16-piece suit. There’s tons of layers.
CT: It’s just like Tetsuya Nomura character design. When you walk away. Just belts and layers. 
MM: It’s getting to be almost embarrassing how long it’s taking for him to completely disrobe. In the moment when you guys were back in the trailer, Dak was just putting on layer after layer after layer. Because he didn’t tell you this, but when he ripped ass while you were gone, he accidentally… 
ES: Oh no. 
MM: He accidentally…
ES: Sharded. 
MM: Sharded. And it was a lot. 
ES: Oh no!
MM: And he cleaned the white leather seats and threw it out the window and he threw out his last outfit. And he’s just completely...Anyway, he’s taking off a little petticoat. He’s taking off six pairs of underwear and he puts them down. He goes…
DR: You guys just want me to put these...Can I get these back afterwards or…? Some of this stuff is pretty nice and expensive. 
GR: Someone flings handcuffs outside. Like cyber vibracuffs. Throws them out. Clatters in front of you in the pouring rain. 
SA: Put them on, big guy. 
MM: I take one look back to the people in the car. 
ES: Pox is looking at Dak and inside she is very freaking out, but she keeps her calm and looks at him like, “You’re fine. You got this. And Tech is with you.” And she says all that with her eyes. 
TW: You got this, Tech. 
MM: Freakout puts the handcuffs on. I’m completely naked by the way. 
GR: Okay. Completely nude. You hear a- and the Devil Girl says…
SA: Okay, Butt Ass. You can move on through. He stays. 
BB: Z climbs into the driver’s seat. 
P: Z, you know how to drive a car? 
CT: One with adaptive steering as we established a couple of episodes ago?
BB: Yeah, I’m also a code slinger with Control Devices. My specialty. I could just…
MM: Dak takes a look and he realizes that’s not Max driving. And he’s a little disappointed. He thought this would be a nice moment for Max. 
BB: This is what I rolled. 
MM: Okay. We’ve all driven with one arm before. 
CT: There’s a jimmy bar on the wheel of Xanadu the whole time. 
MM: My sister’s kid would have figured out a way. Gannon is rolling dice over there. 
BB: Like a madman. 
ES: Pox leans out the window. 
P: So, are you going to like give him back or what, bitches? 
SA: Keep on moving. 
P: Okay. 
BB: Z is very cautiously driving like ridiculously slow. 
MM: Xanadu has never moved that slow before. 
BB: Maybe a mile an hour. 
GR: Xanadu has moved forward. Let’s say Xanadu has just moved a bit beyond Dak right now. The voice says…
SA: Hey, come on honey. I know you can speed up. 
GR: And you hear gun shots, but they don’t come towards you guys. They’re the machine gun gunshots. You see flashing through the rain, one of the machine guns has turned and is shooting at the other machine gun.
ES: Oh no. 
BB: He was doing little technomancer rolls over there. 
TW: No Max. Our perfectly laid plan. 
MM: Is it Max or is it another technomancer? Or is Dak using his brain Internet for once? Oh old Dak Rambo, aka Freakout pulled a fast on you. 
BB: When that happens Gannon, how close is Xanadu to Dak and Tech Wizard?
GR: They’re behind the truck at this point. 
MM: I’m pissed that Z is driving Xanadu. I said, “Never unless I died.” 
CT: That’s what makes it dramatic. 
MM: Oh, really? Wait. What? 
BB: So, while this crazy ass phantasm is still happening and the hand is looking like this, Z is going to use Control Device to have the hand throw the gun down by where Dak is. 
GR: Okay. Sweet. 
MM: I just want to say also I do have my gun cane on the ground by where I was standing. That’s got one shot in it though, so if you want to get me a gun…? 
GR: And you’re also handcuffed. 
MM: I’m also handcuffed. 
BB: Right, but handcuffed in way that I’m assuming he could…? 
GR: Frontways, yeah. 
MM: I’m not going to do it behind my own back, alright? I’m not going to give them that. 
GR: The gun gets tossed back and skitters to your feet. Dak, you can pick it up. 
BB: Also at the same time, I’m going to stamp on the gas. 
GR: Yeah. Do it. 
BB: This is supposed to demonstrate how good of a driver you are by contrasting it with how poorly Z drives his car. That’s what I’m trying to do here. 
MM: Oh, thanks. Dak gets shot in the head. 
GR: We’re going to move into combat. I rolled you guys for it. 
CT: So, was Max’s attack of the other one technically the only aspect of a surprise that we get? 
GR: Unless you have an idea or something you’d like to give a shot? 
CT: Just to know— 
ES: I have an idea. Maybe—
GR: I’ll let you...I gave everyone else a move before combat, so you want to do something? 
ES: Okay. Pox puts on her Chameleon armor and she hops out of the window to run back towards where everybody’s at. 
GR: Car peeling forward. Pox hopping out. Dak picking up a gun in his nudies. 
MM: Completely naked. No armor. 
GR: So cool!
BB: Tech Wizard casts a third spell. 
CT: I might exchange some spells. This area that we’re in? Hypothetically, does it seem like within this area are all the players? Like everybody in action or are we right by like buildings and other like Devil Girls walking the street? Or is that some distance? 
GR: That is some distance. 
CT: Okay. So, for Tech Wizard’s little action before stuff goes on. As Z drives away, he drops the Phantasm and casts Hush in a radius around the action here. Just all sound is trapped within a barrier. Think my favorite barrier but for sound instead of physical things. 
ES: And that’s how big? 
CT: That is based on my force. 
ES: Oh. 
GR: I’m going to give you range here. I’ll give you range, you give me a number. You can make up the rule for it, because I know you can be trusted, so whatever you think is right, is right. 
CT: Would force five be like—
GR: Definitely. 
CT: Force five. 
GR: That’ll be that and more. Heck, you can do it for four. You want to get...I’m going to tell you. You’re aiming for four hits. Is that okay? 
CT: So, Tech Wizard casts a force four Hush in a dome around the area to prevent any sound from escaping. And at the same time, he does drop the Phantasm on the truck. 
GR: Excellent. So, Woosh! What does it look like, moving out from you? 
CT: Here’s the thing. Because of the rain, it looks like the breaking of a sound barrier without any sound associated where you see just the sound waves travel through the air. And then just stops suddenly in a dome. 
GR: Perfect. Woosh. Oh, can people still hear in the Hush area or does everything literally fall silent? 
BB: “Anyone attempting to hear a sound from within or across the silenced area, must successfully resist the spell.” 
GR: So, no one’s resisting it right now, so this is what you see. For anyone pay attention, I assume you are looking up at the machine guns. All of a sudden, it’s gone from them firing. One was firing at the other. Then the other turns and returns fire and now they’re just shooting at each other and then all of a sudden...absolute silence. You just see the machine gun turrets going, pistons pumping, but silence. It’s dead quiet. And now, the punctuation of rain itself is gone. The truck is driving forward and right as you’re moving through the one area where you could, you’re close enough now to see the Devil Girl in there. Orc. Big like the rest of them with...I don’t know if it’s an orc because it’s got these massive crazy tusk horns out of the head. You see her look of horror, excitement, rage all at once. And you see her reaching down for something and a little barrier comes down in front of Xanadu and Xanadu smashes through it. We’re going to move over to Dak Rambo. 
MM: What do I see? 
GR: You see. You hea—...Oh, you don’t hear anything. You just see...Well, you know your truck well. So, you see the truck move forward and then it’s impeded by something, so it slows down. You can tell it’s hit something. You assume its this toll barrier. 
MM: But in the area that I’m, I imagine I’m between two wall and I saw where the guns were. And I imagined Tech Wizard materialize? Are you still invisible? 
CT: I’m held the invisibility, but I let of it. 
MM: I smell Tech Wizard. He’s still there. 
GR: You smell Tech Wizard. You can see the toll area. It’s hard for you to see exactly the Devil Ladies up on the tops of these trucks. These trucks are up, up, up like 30, 40, maybe 50 feet above you. 
CT: Woah. 
GR: It’s like a tall...They’re almost towerlike. These are six trucks smashed together to make this. 
CT: WOuld you say this is a big beautiful wall with a big beautiful door? 
GR: Yes, it’s a big beautiful wall and a big beautiful door. 
CT: Nice. I like this. 
MM: Damn, Blair. 
BB: Gannon Reedy, everybody. 
GR: Hell yeah baby. Vengeance is mine. So, yeah you see that. You can also see the lady in the toll booth. She is about 25 feet away from you. I think that that makes sense. To the middle of Xanadu, right? 
MM: That’s just the trailer. The actual— 
 GR: Yeah, I know. We’re saying the head part has bust through. 
MM: Oh. Got it. I lean over to Tech and I say…
ES: Wait. Can they hear each other? 
CT: Okay, so within the dome can we say that it’s muffled because it says, “It’s reduced by one per hit if you’re trying to do a hearing test within the dome, but sound doesn’t escape it.” 
GR: If you guys were were further away, you’d have to do that thing. But I’m imagining you guys are ear to ear or mouth to ear? Like very, very close. So, there is a muffle, but you can make out what each other are saying. 
CT: You guys put your lips on each and then talk directly into each other’s mouths, and then you can hear what you’re saying. 
MM: And I have a little bit of Z’s eye pus in my mouth. 
ES: Oh God. No!
MM: Which is a lubricant for…
GR: I hate you. We’re moving on. 
DR: Tech, is there room in that invisibility for one more? 
TW: It doesn’t work like that man. It’s not the cloak, it’s me. I’m sorry. 
DR: Fuck. 
MM: And Dak just starts running before he can listen to Tech. 
TW: I’m sorry. 
MM: So, I’m running with my hands cuffed together at the front, gripping the Ares Predator V that Z, through Xanadu, threw to me, and I have it ready to shoot the first thing that’s not on my team that emerges in my vision. My beautiful cat eyes. 
GR: You can see the lady up in front of you. About 25 feet. 
MM: I take aim and I fire. 
GR: Take off four for distance and heavy rain. 
MM: This is going to be a shot in the dark. 
BB: We’re in active combat, right? 
GR: You’re in active combat right now. 
MM: I only got one hit. 
GR: That’s a miss. Hits the truck. We’re going to move over to—
DR: And I shot the goddamned truck. 
GR: No, not your truck. 
BB: No. Other truck. 
MM: Oh. Good. I love— 
BB: There’s lots of trucks. 
GR: One of the heavy duty monstrous trucks. Pox, it’s your turn. 
ES: How far am I from a Devil Lady? 
GR: So, the toll booth, like we said before, it’s like the cabin of a truck. She is actually...You jumped out right as the machine smashed through the barrier, so you are very close. About five feet away. You are right there. Right. Looking right up at her as she looks out at the truck. So, she is behind a car plate glass window right now. 
ES: Do I have to jump to get up to her or am I? 
GR: You would have to jump. This is like jumping up to a truck kind of a thing. 
ES: So, Pox is going to jump up. This is all silent also. And also, she’s like body, so it’d silent anyway. But Pox jumps up to get up near this Devil Lady. 
GR: Were you jumping up on the hood of the car or were you trying to…?
ES: Oh, this lady is in a truck? 
GR: It’s in a truck. The truck has been fashioned in a toll booth window. 
ES: Pox jumps up on the hood of the truck, looking at this Devil Lady right in the face. And she’s going to use her monofilament whip through the glass to hit this woman. 
GR: Great. Let’s party. 
ES: Four. 
GR: One through. So, what’s the damage value on that sucker? 
ES: It is l2pv minus 8. What does this mean? L2pv minus 8? 
GR: Monofilament whip. It’s 12p. It’s 12 physical. Minus 8. 
ES: Oh. That said 12 not l2. 
BB: L2p.
MM: L2 level 2v. 
ES: So, it’s 12p is the damage. 
MM: Got 12 p? 
ES: Oh, that’s what the v minus 8 means. 
MM: And v? 
GR: So, what are you doing? Is this a vertical slash? 
ES: Horizontal slash. 
GR: Horizontal slash. That’s what I meant. You wing back…
ES: And very muffled, this Devil Lady hears…
P: Fuck you. 
GR: And you let this monofilament whip crackle down across the front of this vehicle and it cuts it like it’s like one of those anime things. All of a sudden you flip through it and there’s this big red flash of light and you see it registers in her eyes that she’s being attacked. The whip whips through and then you see a little stream of blood start to drip down her scalp and the top of the truck caves in on her. And you see her scalp fall off of her head. But this truck smashes in on her, so you can’t see her now. But it looks like she’s been covered by this truck. Smash. 
CT: Tell you what. If Kannabis Jak were filming that, that would be on the “best of” reel for sure. 
ES: Is she dead? 
GR: Tech Wizard. 
BB: She’s taken 2 physical damage. I’m kidding. 
ES: Slow down. 
CT: There is a one in another truck across from there? 
GR: Other than her, it’s just the two machine guns that the...there are Devil Ladies on the two machine guns. And they’re shooting at each other right now. 
CT: And these are on top of the wall, right? 
GR: Yeah, it’s the wall of truck. 
BB: Right or left is the one that fired first? 
GR: Left. 
CT: The one that Max doesn’t control with a lady sitting, I imagine, on this chair, on this turret. On this wall. Above the ground in the rain. Tech Wizard casts Magic Fingers and pushes her off. 
GR: Let’s see what you throw in. 
CT: Force five. Four hits, daddy. 
GR: Four hits, daddy. Can you feel her when you do Magic Hand? 
CT: Mmmhmm. 
GR: So, you all of a sudden feel the touch. You feel this force moving against her like muscular bicep. And then all of a sudden, actually, you can’t hear her. You can’t see her. You just know that it was a good hit. 
CT: So, imagine. I feel it as if it were my hand right in front of me even though there’s nothing there. 
GR: You feel her slip. 
CT: I just feel that suddenly pressure released. 
GR: Nah, you literally feel her slip on the wet iron. You feel like her legs give out. 
CT: Oh. 
GR: Yep. Okay. Zenith. 
BB: Just in line of sight, do I see anybody behind this whole wall thing that no one else can see? 
GR: No, it’s dark. You can see the roads leading down to the city versus the roads that move forward to the bridge you are trying to cross. 
BB: Right, but I guess there’s not a whole gang of Devil Ladies hanging out behind the wall? 
GR: Well, not yet. 
BB: I guess what I’m going to do is stop driving the truck forward. Yeah, I’m going to get out of the car. Actually, as a simple action, I’m going to send a message in the Matrix to Max. 
Z: Stay in the truck and keep control of that machine gun. 
M: Oh, okay. 
GR: You see him in this Tron armor. He’s like…
M: I’m just barely holding on. You got it though. 
BB: Zenith is going to hop out of the truck. And can I see the lady in the machine gun from behind? 
GR: Yeah, you can see her. You only see one Devil Lady at a machine gun right now. 
BB: Right. The one on the left. 
GR: You see the one on the left that presumably—
BB and GR: Max is hacking. 
BB: I’m just going to take a shot at her. 
GR: Okay. Go for it. 
BB: With my machine pistol. I got two hits. 
GR: So, at this moment, you see...You just shot at her. She ducks behind the armor on her machine gun. And at that moment, the machine gun starts to spin and spin faster and faster and faster until it’s spinning so hard that she’s hanging on barely. And she slips off and you see her fall. Splat. Neck crack. No noise. Rain.
CT: I guess my clarifying question is: Was this just a checkpoint or is there an actual wall around the entire city? 
GR: This is just a checkpoint. 
CT: This is just checkpoint. So, it’s just the road. 
GR: It’s not a wall covering the entire town. 
BB: But it’s blocking the road. 
GR: It’s blocking the road. Yeah. 
MM: I’ll tell you what. I hate these Devil Ladies. 
ES: Always causing trouble. 
MM: I guess if there’s not clear threats right now, Dak completely naked except for his 365 tattoos... 
BB: And a pair of handcuffs. 
MM: And a pair of handcuffs, which I’m going try to do an Escape Artist on. I do have that skill. I Imagine Dak can dislocate his wrists and sneak his way out of it. 
GR: Sure. I’m not going to tell you guys what, but let’s just say I made a little mistake in the combat right there, so I’m giving you all a little credence on a lot of moves, so I’m going to say right now that you can get out of those handcuffs. 
BB: Wait, you made it harder for us? 
GR: It was a little harder. So, I’m going to give you a little bit of…
BB: Just see. 
MM: I got one hit. 
GR: What? With the handcuffs? 
MM: Yeah. 
GR: You can get out of those. I was saying you can get out of those. 
ES: Oh. He meant we could just get out of them. 
MM: Oh. I thought you meant it’s physically possible to do it. 
BB: I also thought that. I thought it was like, “Oh and these are locked forever until we find the key.” 
GR: Come bn, baby. You’re Dak Rambo. 
MM: Dak Rambo. He’s been in this situation before. Not only just being naked with his hands cuffed, but being naked with handcuffs on also having shoe polish in his hair? 
BB: And a gun in both hands. 
MM: So, he takes his two hands, raises it up to his wet greasy hair, wipes the grease on his wrists, throws the gun softly in the air in front of him, and then presses the handcuffs off, and slides through them, heading the handcuffs off in a way that I’m demonstrating physically. And I’m not sure if I’m describing verbally. 
GR: So, he’s head butting the handcuffs off. 
BB: And they slip over his head and around his throat and chokes to death and dies. 
MM: He dies and my new character Floyd Haverman enters stage left. He shimmies out of the handcuffs and then puts a hand down and catches the gun as it’s falling. 
BB: And fires it. 
MM: Into his head. And then Floyd Haverman enters stage right now. Anyway, he catches the gun and he looks at where he thinks Tech Wizard is because he’s invisible. And he goes…
DR: Pretty cool, right? 
CT: And, just at that moment, you see the invisibility drop and Tech Wizard, he starts to give a “Hell yeah,” thumbs up but then you see he’s super pale and his eyes start to roll back in his head. And he takes the drain of four major spells all at once. I need to take a second to calculate that. 
MM: I’ll just say that Dak goes to scoop you up and catch you. 
BB: But it’s too late. Tech is dead. 
CT: Okay.
MM: Can you die from drain? 
GR: If you take a significant amount of stun damage, you can roll on the physical. 
CT: Guys, this shit rocks. This was fucking awesome, I think. Sue me. 
GR: Let’s not jinx it. 
BB: I can’t wait until Tech Wizard dies because it removes four spells. 
CT: I mean even if it goes bad, it’s good television. 
GR: Oh, I think so. 
MM: It’s going to get edited to seven minutes. 
BB: And it’ll all be the band bits. 
MM: All those band bits. 
ES: Make that my theme song.
CT: I have to beat six.
BB: Alright listeners. Are you ready to hear this? 
CT: So, this is the calculation of all four spells drain. Phantasm. I prevented four hits of Drain. I like fight. I’m like. And two get through. So, I take two stun damage for that. 
BB: We’ve got two for Phantasm. 
GR: Ladies and gentlemen. He has—
MM: Stun damage. 
GR: Two stun damage. 
 MM: Two stun damage. 
GR: Moving on to the next drain roll. Commentator PP1, what would you have to say about this? 
PP1: I will say I love it when he rolls it and go! Roll fast. Faster. He rolled it and…
CT: So, this is for Invisibility. I had to beat four and I got five, so I resist all drain from this ability. 
PP1: He resist three. 
BB: Roll it again boy. 
CT: I take a deep breath. 
PP2: This is a big upset and a surprise. PP2 did not believe this would happen. 
PP1: We like it when he gets hurt and drains. 
BB: Next up, you gotta’ beat two. And you gotta’ resist this.
PP: We like it. And...
CT: So, I resist my Hush fully. Again, it’s like you see me wrestling with an invisible demon. 
PP1: This is PP bullshit.
PP2: We are all suffering drain by watching this happen. 
PP1: I am so stunned. I am falling asleep. 
BB: And now for the Magic Fingers, ladies and gentlemen. He got it. 
CT: I got it. So, I take two drain. 
PP1: Oh, PP shit. 
GR: So, Tech Wizard’s eyes roll up to his head. 
CT: And then just he lets one rip. 
GR: No, I don’t have it in me. I was really hoping he could have farted right into the mic. 
ES: He tried to fart on—. 
CT: Oh, did we get that other fart on mic? 
MM: I think so. 
GR: It was loud. No, it was a wild one. 
ES: It was loud. 
MM: You all farted on “Mike” and he loved it. 
GR: Just pulled a fart that I just did and use that for rogue fart. 
CT: And as soon as he does, he’s like…
TW: That felt good. I feel a lot better. 
MM: Dak was getting ready to catch you because all signs pointed to you blacking out. And then you let that one rip. And we share a smile in this improbable moment between friends. 
GR: You hear from the truck…
M: You guys. Get in the fucking truck!
CT: That’s all I need to hear. 
MM: Yeah, we were running there. 
GR: So, you hop into Xanadu.
BB: Z jumps into the driver’s seat for a second and then as Dak gets there, he goes, “I’m just kidding,” and then he hops over. 
DR: What? 
MM: Dak doesn’t even understand what is going on. 
M: Hit it. Hit it!
MM: With his hands freed now, completely nude, while also gripping a gun, Dak drives Vroom, driving towards, I guess the hub? 
GR: Right now you’re passing through Josephine, formerly St. Joseph. You see that there’s only a small expansive town, and I imagine you’re just blasting through it as fast as you can. 
MM: With his non-gun hand, he whips out his com and he loads up Airbnb and he quickly goes through the top three choices of places to stay in Josephine. Just to see because I mentioned it earlier, you fuckers. 
CT: Are there any that are anti-Devil Girls? 
GR: There is one Airbnb. It’s got no stars, and it’s just called The Pitt with two t’s.
ES: Oh, of course. 
BB: Is there a picture of a Devil Lady in one of the room pictures? 
GR: There’s a room. There is ash everywhere. And there’s a Devil Lady with a cigarette hanging out of the side of her mouth and another cigarette in her hand. And she’s holding a flamethrower. 
MM: That’s the founder of the People’s Improv theater in whatever this town is called? Josephine. Okay, so we drive—
GR: So, you’re ripping through—
BB: We drive straight to The Pitt. 
MM: Dak messages the owner. 
ES: Can I say? I wanted to say this before. So, Dak sits in the car completely naked. Pox throws him a thimble and goes…
P: Cover up man. 
MM: Dak is like...
DR: This is not big enough to—
ES: And she goes, “You’re right.” And she throws him a shot glass. 
DR: To cover up my saucer-sized left nipple? 
MM: And his massive 14-inch dick gets super hard. And it’s flaccid at that moment. And it pokes him in the face. 
BB: It hits Max right in the fucking face. 
MM: Who is knocked into Z whose eyeballs just explode in pus.
BB: Both his ocular drone and his real eyeball. 
GR: All pus. Okay, so. Cut all pus. So, Xanadu is ripping past these hulking nightmarish looking brick buildings. 
MM: I imagine we look outside and probably see the fucked up techno weirdos who are huddled on the side of the street, maybe? 
GR: Oh yeah, yeah. You’re seeing these emaciated looking weirdo humans. A lot of male. Some female. Looking up at the lights. 
ES: Maybe one of those is KJ. 
GR: It’s terrifying. 
MM: Dak turns on the sound system right now. Just because morale is pretty shaken from what we’re doing right now. We need to just rally the troops. Anybody got a song rack?Okay. We just continue to play Coming to America by Neil Diamond. 
GR: Perfect. As you’re hitting the bridge, you see six Devil Ladies peeling out behind you. They’re at a good distance, but they start coming closer and closer. 
MM: They’re behind us? 
GR: You guys hit up on the bridge because you’re trying to cross this bridge to get to Troy. 
MM: Real quick. If we have people who are behind us, Dak smashes the nut button three times. And the strip projector that’s on the back of the truck drops three spike strips…
CT: Right on the bridge in the rain. 
MM: Yeah, right as it’s getting close to you have to drive over this to get onto the bridge. 
ES: The nut button gets it once again. 
Z: Is that what this button does? 
DR: If you push it three times, I rigged it up to drop—
GR: Yeah, that’s perfect. Knocking those three down. You see in the rear view, these Devil Ladies hitting it and sliding like the rain coming down, sliding and falling down. 
CT: Off the side of the bridge. 
GR: Not off the side of the bridge exactly, but they’re smashing into each other and falling down. And you’re just trucking and trucking and trucking. And you make it ¾’s of the way across the bridge and you see a big old sign at the top of the bridge that says, 
“Entering Troy. Welcome Rogue Truckers.”  And let’s call it there. 
MM: We made it through hell. 
BB: And we didn’t burn any edge or spend any edge. 
MM: Eleni got an edge back. 
CT: This is our first net positive edge. 
GR: I’m giving Tech Wizard an edge for the inspired move, the rock and roll van move.. 
CT: Oh hey. Thanks. 
BB: I’m giving Max an edge for being a real trooper. 
ES: I’m giving myself another edge. 
MM: Real quick. I get an edge for playing Binbon in the campaign podcast. 
ES: But the person I was going after in Stardew Valley was Robin who was the harvest girl. And she loved goat cheese and I’d bring her goat cheese all the time. I was like, “I’ve got goat cheese aplenty. You want some? Here you go.” 
BB: And she’s like, “I’m allergic to goat cheese. I’m lactose intolerant.” 
CT: Can you imagine how that would work in reality? It would be that weird person who always brings goat cheese. It would quickly become her least favorite thing. 
ES: Well, she still loved it, so…
BB: Also, if you’re in a relationship and the magic thing you do for them is bring goat cheese, I feel I’d be like, “Why are you doing it? I like goat cheese but I do not like—”
ES: I would say I love goat cheese. I would accept tons of goat cheese. 
CT: I promise to bring you goat cheese every day of our marriage. 
BB: Just every day? 
ES: After the third day, I’d say, “Too much. This is too much goat cheese. You did a good job until this day.” If it was popcorn, that’s a different story. I could eat that literally every day. 
BB: This is giving me negative points right now. 
MM: I would want a gyro. Just like a gyro platter. 
ES: Daily. 
BB: What about a joint? 
MM: A joint. That would never get old, my dude. 
ES: Every day? 
GR: If you like NeoScum, check out the One Shot network shows like Modifier. Modifier is an interview podcast with host Meghan Dornbrock that’s changing the game when it comes to changing games. Designers of every level are invited to discuss what prompted them to hack a game, the kind of play experiences they seek to create, and the kind of stories they’re hoping to tell. Check it out and tell them NeoScum sent you.



