
[BAL2]

Griffin: Previously on The Adventure Zone...
Travis: I‘m playing a human fighter named Magnus Burnsides
Griffin: I love that.
Justin: I‘m playing, uh, a wizard.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Justin: His name is spelled T-A-A-K-O.
Griffin: Are you naming your goddamn wizard 'taco?'
Justin: His name is Taako.
Griffin: Daddy, what are you? You‘re a cleric, right?
Clint: I‘m a dwarf cleric.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Clint: Named Merle Highchurch.
Griffin: Over drinks one night with Gundren Rockseeker, he has to offer you what he calls the last job you‘ll ever need to take. So he has asked the three of you to escort a supply wagon to the town of Phandalin.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: With a fighter escort, named... Barry Bluejeans. They are two dead horses lying in the middle of the road.
Travis: Seems fine. Doesn‘t seem strange at all!
Griffin: So you follow these drag marks down the trail, to the mouth of a cave. From the back of a hallway that Travis just ran up very valiantly, you hear the telltale sound of rushing water.
Travis: Tits.
Griffin: Both of you get flushed.
Travis: Ah, no!
Griffin: In the torrent—
Griffin: Of water.
Goblin: Did we get ‘em?
Travis: Answer in Goblin, Taako.
Taako: I got too horny from the killing, and I—I‘m jerking—
Goblin: Ah, Jesus, not again.
Taako: Don‘t come in here. It‘s private.
Announcer: What otherworldly horrors will the McElroys face this week? Let‘s find out together... in The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: So the three of you have... You have regrouped at the mouth of this cave where Merle and Magnus just got flushed to. Taako, you just sauntered back to the mouth of the cave to rest up. I imagine you‘ll want to take a short rest to recover those precious HPs that you lost. Um... Especially you, Merle, if my math is right, you‘re like—
Clint: One.
Griffin: You‘re one years old.
Clint: I have one point.
Travis: Yeah, let‘s rest up.
Clint: One life point.
Griffin: So you guys are gonna take a short rest, and the way that you do that is... You roll your hit die, which should be on your character sheet somewhere. You basically spend a hit die to roll whatever your die is, it‘ll be a d6... Taako I think you have a d6. You‘ll roll that.
Travis: I have a d10.
Griffin: You have a d10? Oh wow. Okay. So you—
Travis: I want to say it‘s because I‘m a human or a warrior, it‘s one of those.
Griffin: Okay. Travis: It‘s a d10.
Griffin: So you roll that, you add your constitution modifier, and that‘s how many hit points you get back.
Travis: I mean, I—I gained back 13, but I‘m only down three, so... I guess I just go back up to—
Griffin: Did you roll a critical 10?
Travis: I did.
Griffin: Okay. Good work.
Clint: Hmm.
Griffin: Merle?
Clint: Interesting.
Clint: I rolled—
Travis: I‘m wondering, should I be like, documenting these things?
Clint: Yes!
Travis: Because I feel like you guys never believe me.
Griffin: You—I mean, I‘m just saying, you‘ve rolled extremely well. I can‘t see what you‘re doing, and—
Clint: You rolled nothing but 20s last time.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Well, I‘m rolling into the cardboard box.
Clint: Oh.
Travis: I don‘t know if that helps.
Griffin: Alright.
Clint: I rolled an eight, plus two constitution, so I recovered 10.
Griffin: Cool. And Taako, I don‘t think you‘ve taken any damage, have you?
Justin: I have not taken any damage, so I‘m just getting some... I‘m just getting my grounding.
Travis: Just some R&R.
Clint: Are we not gonna get the Taako voice this episode?
Griffin: We actually got a lot of complaints about the Taako voice.
Clint: Oh no!
Justin: Oh no, really?
Griffin: It was—people said it was like, really racist. And I don‘t know which race?
Justin: Race? Yeah...
Griffin: It just sounded—it sounded like the kind of thing that would be
racist.
Justin: Well, we‘ll see how the reaction is.
Clint: People are so Elvish.
Justin: I‘ll probably go in and out of it. But I also wasn‘t... I‘m talking—I‘m not talking to you guys. I‘m talking... to Griffin, which is like God. I‘m like, praying—
Travis: Hmm, oh, I gotcha.
Justin: And in my—when I pray, I don‘t have an accent.
Travis: Is Taako there? Can we talk to Taako?
Griffin: So you guys are... you‘re healthier. I don‘t know what your—I‘m not going to keep track of your HP, because honestly, I couldn‘t give a shit. Um, but we‘ll just assume that you‘re right as rain. Dad—
Justin: Uh, Griffin, I have a prob—uh, question.
Griffin: Yeah?
Justin: Do we get like, experience?
Griffin: Yeah, I‘ll—I mean, I‘m keeping track of that. Y‘all are—y‘all are about halfway to level two.
Justin: Sweet!
Griffin: And you‘re gonna get a lot of great stuff, and you‘re gonna love
it. And you‘re gonna be better people because of it.
Justin: Mm, delectable.
Griffin: So you guys get the impression that you probably shouldn‘t wait too long, because they are going to notice that one goblin is missing. You watch him very lazily float down the river, super dead, by you. He‘s moving at a snail‘s pace.
Justin: It‘s like Poohsticks!
Griffin: Comically, comically slow. So you guys have recovered, and I‘m assuming you want to make your way back into the cave. You can go back to town, you can do whatever the fuck you want to do. I'm not your dad.
Clint: I say we—I say we go join Taako up on that overpass.
Taako: Come on up.
Clint: ‘Cause that‘s gonna put us at a higher elevation.
Griffin: Okay, both of you—
Taako: Come on.
Griffin: Uh, no, please say the thing that you were gonna say.
Justin: Okay, let me say the thing.
Taako: Come on up!
Griffin: Now why was that funny?
Justin: Because of the character!
Griffin: Because of the racism?
Justin: There‘s no racism!
Griffin: Alright, Merle and Magnus, you guys can make a... Uh, it would be an athletics check to just get up this rope. It would be a very low check, though.
Clint: Okay, so—
Travis: I rolled an eight.
Clint: Am I rolling an eight again?
Griffin: What are—
Clint: What am I rolling, a 20?
Griffin: You‘re rolling a 20. Whenever you do a skill check, it‘s always a 20.
Clint: Okay, and then I add to it what?
Griffin: Your athletics bonus. Which is on your sheet.
Clint: Okay, I rolled a 20.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: And a four.
Justin: Oh my God.
Clint: Twenty-four.
Griffin: You—you hover, just like... You were at the bottom of the thing, and then you were like, at the top of the thing. And everyone got super scared. ‘Cause that shouldn‘t happen like that. Travis, you rolled an eight?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah, you got up there. You weren‘t as effortless. In fact, it took you 35 minutes to get up the rope. It was embarrassing. It was like the first episode of The Biggest Loser.
Travis: It‘s like gym class. Everybody‘s at the bottom going like, ―Just give up!
Griffin: ―You‘ll never do it. But you do make it to the top, and everyone‘s really proud of you.
Clint: Yay!
Griffin: Not as proud as Dad, who just sort of displaced himself to the top of the—
Justin: I was very proud of him.
Clint: Yeah, let‘s remember that.
Griffin: So, from—
Justin: I look around!
Griffin: Well, I mean, you have two directions. It‘s a bridge. From one direction, you hear the sound of rushing water. And that‘s about all that you could hear coming from that end. It‘s louder than the, um... louder than the stream that is below. The stream, by the way, has actually started to dry up a little bit, since the initial flood. And the water that you hear coming from one end sounds more like a waterfall, or something along those lines.
From the other end, you hear some low voices talking, the smell of roasting meats, that‘s—
Travis: Mmm!
Griffin: You might consider delicious.
Clint: Or you might consider our buddies. Griffin: Or you might consider friends.
Travis: Listen, Magnus doesn‘t judge.
Griffin: So yeah, you have—you have two directions.
Taako: I say we head towards the meat.
Travis: If there‘s one thing I know about Magnus, he loves a majestic waterfall.
Taako: Now the—the decision—
Merle: If I‘m the tie-breaker, I say we go investigate the—the meat, the
smell and the voices.
Griffin: How do you wanna do this?
Justin: Uh, who‘s the sneakiest of us?
Griffin: You see, going down that sort of hallway, it stretches in about...
I mean, it‘s a cave, not a man-made thing. But it goes in... the channel there goes in about 20 feet? And you see some lights, some dim firelight coming from there, and you definitely hear some voices talking.
Clint: I—I say whichever one of us has night-vision. Taako, or—
Justin: Oh yeah, I—
Taako: I‘ll go, uh, take a look.
Griffin: I think both of you. Both of you do, except for Magnus.
Travis: Nope, and I‘ve also got stealth disadvantage! Clunk clunk clunk clunk clunk!
Taako: I‘ll take—I‘ll go take a look!
Clint: I have stealth disadvantage too. What‘s your stealth?
Taako: Good. Stay quiet.
Travis: Not bad!
Taako: Not bad, it says!
Clint: Plus two.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Plus two!
Merle: Taako, would you go investigate?
Taako: Gladly.
Griffin: So you‘re, you‘re sending him up by himself while the two of you hang back on the bridge?
Travis: I—
Taako: Yeah, I‘ll be—it‘ll be better by myself. I'll be quieter.
Clint: Well yeah, because if we‘re trying to be stealthy, it‘s always better to have smaller numbers.
Griffin: Okay. So if you‘re gonna have a stealth check, I‘m guessing just to move to the end of this channel and just sort of peek around the corner to get an idea of what‘s going on in this room, you‘ll make a stealth check, and I will contest it with a perception check.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: So we roll, and then whoever wins, wins the...
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: The contest.
Justin: So I roll... uh, 19!
Clint: And two plus your stealth.
Justin: Oh. So, 21.
Griffin: Okay. You manage to soundly, uh, beat them.
Clint: Stealth!
Griffin: You look around the corner into this room. You see a fairly large chamber that is sort of split into two sections. There‘s a sort of a ground level where you see three goblins — gerblins — all sitting around a fireplace, roasting the leg of something. It‘s bestial in nature, it‘s not like a dude... not like a dude foot or something.
Griffin: And then—
Justin: This room that I‘m in...
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Would you say it‘s spooky? Or beautiful?
Griffin: Um,it‘s—
Justin: Or beautifully spooky—
Griffin: If you—
Justin: Or spookily beautiful?
Griffin: If you were a gerblin, you would actually find it like, a pretty chill den, to like, bro out in.
Travis: So is this like the break room?
Griffin: It—yeah. It‘s the gerblin break room.
Travis: There‘s some—there‘s some like, OSHA posters up. Something like, Make sure to wash your hands, it‘s cold and flu season!
Justin: Ugh, Danny‘s been microwaving mutton in here, gross!
Clint: Alright what‘s the second... what‘s the second—
Griffin: So then there‘s a sort of natural stone staircase leading up to an escarpment, a stage, about 10 feet off the ground. It‘s not an actual stage, but there is a second level – a loft, if you will – in this room. And up there, you see another goblin that‘s just sort of sitting around, rummaging through a crate. And next to him, almost on the edge of this stage, you see an unconscious human man.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: And the three goblins are talking to each other, dickin‘ around. The goblin that‘s up on the stage is just sort of ignoring them and rummaging through this crate.
Clint: Do we have access to that stage? I mean, is there—
Griffin: There is a—there is a natural staircase that‘s leading up onto it, yeah.
Justin: I have a question. Is the room... I‘m trying to visualize it. Is the room such that if we were to interact with the goblins on one of the levels, the other ones would definitely be like, be aware of what we were doing?
Griffin: Oh, sure, yeah yeah. They are not that far away. Travis: Is it lit by anything but the campfire?
Griffin: There are some torches on the wall. Fatty torches. Y‘know, those torches that are like... they have like fat, that burns from the top of it.
Travis: No, I got you.
Justin: So, just to... How many gerblins are, are—
Clint: Three on the floor.
Griffin: Three on the floor.
Clint: One up with the captor. Captive.
Justin: Oh, what‘s the captive?
Griffin: There‘s a sleeping human man.
Justin: Ohh!
Clint: Now is that on the level above us, or below us? Justin: What‘s he—what celebrity does he most resemble? Travis: Good question.
Griffin: He looks a lot like...
Clint: Say John Goodman!
Griffin: John... No.
Clint: Say John Goodman.
Travis: Say John Stamos!
Griffin: He looks a lot like Tom Arnold.
Clint: So John Goodman!
Travis: Well, actually, that‘s the exact middle between John Stamos and John Goodman!
Griffin: I see, that‘s the median. That‘s the mean of John Goodman and John Stamos. So yeah, please don‘t make me describe any more shit in this room.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Wait, wait, I just want to know. You said we have access from where
we are, in that passageway, to that stage area, right?
Griffin: The passageway opens up onto the floor level. Then there is a slope that leads up onto the stage.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: So I assume—has Taako come back and relayed all of this to us?
Griffin: I mean, he would have to—
Justin: It‘s up to Taako.
Griffin: Yeah. Yeah.
Justin: You gotta let Taako be Taako.
Griffin: You guys—so, whenever I am explaining a scene like this, where one of you has split off, the others... You guys need to understand, you don‘t possess this knowledge.
Travis: Gotcha.
Griffin: Right? You can‘t rush in there and like, blindly, like, throw a shot at a character that you don‘t know is there, but Taako does.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Gotcha.
Justin: I‘ll wave them over.
Griffin: Okay. They are going to, uh—
Travis: We‘re not so stealthy.
Griffin: They are also gonna need to make stealth checks. ‘Kay?
Justin: That‘s fine.
Clint: Alright.
Travis: Putting a lot of faith in us here...
Clint: 17 on mine.
Griffin: Well, you have disadvantage—
Travis: You‘re at stealth disadvantage, yeah.
Griffin: So you need to roll again and use the lower result.
Clint: Okay. 11.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: Ten, was my lower.
Griffin: Okay. You actually all three manage to beat the—I‘m using my original check, which was not so great. So you all three manage to beat it. The three of you are sort of on this uh, the precipice of this room.
Justin: Now, okay. So since we have the drop on these guys right now...
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Do we still have to roll for initiative?
Griffin: So, you do, but in a scenario like this, you can get what‘s called a surprise round. Where, when you can actually manage to do what you guys have done, which isn‘t easy, you get to take a round of combat. Everybody who has surprise gets to take a round of combat before the regular, like, combat order begins.
Travis: So here‘s what I would like to do.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: I have an idea. And I motion to Taako. I use, uh, intricate hand signals to relay that what I want to do is, I wanna rush in, past the goblins on the floor, to underneath the edge of this stage thing... And see if I can get in position where he could mage hand the human off the edge and let me catch him.
Griffin: I think mage hand can only interact with about 10 pounds. And, um...
Justin: Yes.
Griffin: Tom Arnold, as you guys can probably intuit...
Justin: More than that.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: Weights significantly... I don‘t wanna call the dude overweight.
Clint: No.
Griffin: ‘Cause it seems like he works really hard to maintain.
Clint: And he did look good on Running Wild with Bear Grylls.
Griffin: He looked amazing on Running Wild with Bear Grylls.
Clint: I—I have a slight amendment. I think Travis‘ plan is good, but how  ̳bout if we attack the guys on the floor, giving him a chance to...
Justin: My only worry is... My only worry is that if we don‘t eliminate the guy holding Tom Arnold prisoner, that he might do s—I don‘t know what the situation is there.
Travis: Yeah, we got a hostage.
Justin: I don‘t want him to take a shot at Tom Arnold, or have Tom Arnold
as a bargaining chip.
Clint: If I go first, if I attack, and distract them, giving Travis a chance to get there in one move—
Justin: Why don‘t I just shoot the guy holding Tom Arnold prisoner with magic missile?
Clint: There you go! That works too!
Justin: How about I‘m just gonna shoot him with magic missile
now?
Travis: All in all, I like all three parts of this plan. Taako, magic
missile. Merle, guys on ground. I‘m gonna run up to the precipice.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Perfect.
Griffin: I want the three of you to go ahead and roll initiative then, and we can get into it.
Clint: Alright.
Travis: Mine is—
Justin: 11.
Travis: 19.
Clint: Mine is zero. Griffin: You rolled a...
Clint: Rolled a one!
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: With a minus one initiative.
Justin: Dad‘s like myself right after I graduated college.
Travis: Dad—what we don‘t know about Merle is he has narcolepsy. We just look back and he‘s sleeping.
Griffin: Okay. Uh—
Justin: Is Merle holding a bong? Is that a bong?
Clint: 
Travis: Merle, put down the burrito!
Griffin: Top of the order is... Magnus. What would you like to do?
Travis: So, in this surprise round... I can wait and let the two of them go first, and then do my action?
Griffin: Uh, so if you do that, you are permanently moving yourself back in the order.
Travis: Oh, really? It‘s not just for the first round?
Griffin: Right. There is an established order of play now. If you want to delay your turn you can do that and pop it back in wherever it is, but then that‘s just where you are from that point on.
Travis: Okay. Well, I guess since we‘re on a surprise round, I‘m not worried about them doing anything. I‘m just gonna run for the precipice.
Clint: But we have surprise. Why don‘t you move yourself back in the order like he said, Trav, and let the two of us do—y‘know, launch magic missile and let me attack the guys, and then you‘ll be able—
Justin: If I can eliminate that guy with magic missile, you may not even have to worry about Tom.
Travis: Okay, fair. Yeah, I‘m gonna let Taako go first.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: So I do a very polite, like, after you gesture. Griffin: So who the fuck is going, and please do it. Justin: I—I‘m going, and I‘m using magic missile.
Griffin: Okay. So you sweep around the corner and levy a shot. Magic missile, you don‘t actually need to attack with that, right? You‘re just burning a spell slot to use it?
Justin: Uhh... I create three glowing darts. Each dart hits a creature of your choice within range, that you can see. A dart deals 1d4 plus one force damage to its target.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: They all strike simultaneously, and I can direct them to hit one creature or several. I‘m gonna have them—all three of them hit the fool holding Tom Arnold prisoner. ‘Cause I don‘t fucking cotton to that.
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: You lay off of Mr. Stupid!
Justin: Listen, here‘s the amounts... four, two, two.
Griffin: Alright, so eight damage.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. Uhh, he is... consider him surprised.
Clint: Yeah! 
Griffin: He immediately stops what he‘s doing. Clearly, cause you just knocked him back a bit. And he rallies and gets up on his feet, and yells something in Goblin-ish. You uh, you speak Goblin, right, Taako?
Justin: Yeah, what does he say?
Griffin: He says, uh...
Goblin: Ow!
Griffin: So, uh...
Clint: Quite the wordsmith, our little goblin!
Griffin: So uh, yeah. Who‘s next?
Travis: Well, I‘ll go.
Clint: Well, wait a minute, wait a minute. That didn‘t kill him?
Griffin: No.
Justin: No. He‘s not dead.
Travis: But since I can‘t get up on the stage, I‘m gonna shoot it with my shortbow.
Clint: Okay. Alright.
Travis: So same dude.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Uh, crit 20!
Griffin: Holy shit. Really?
Travis: Yeah! I‘m really good at D&D!
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Yeah! Got those all-20 dice I see.
Griffin: So on a crit... This is our first crit attack, I believe, you basically roll your damage dice twice.
Travis: Oh! Terrif! But I don‘t get the automatic, like...
Griffin: No.
Travis: Okay, great.
Griffin: And you add your modifier, but you only do that once.
Travis: Okay. So I just need to... If it‘s 1d6 plus two, I‘m gonna roll 1d6 twice.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: So three... and six, plus two... So 11. Griffin: 11?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. He, uhh, he... falls over the edge and dies. Travis: Yeah!
Clint: Alright. I‘m going after the guys on the floor. I‘m going after the one on the left, the one that was, uh, eating off the haunch.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, it was, it was on the spit, so—
Clint: Well, he was reaching for it!
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Clint: He was reaching for it!
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: The greedy bastard.
Griffin: He‘s got a powerful hunger.
Clint: Greedy, greedy bastard. And I‘m going after him with my warhammer.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: So that‘s 17.
Griffin: Okay, yeah, that‘s a hit.
Clint: Okay, and then I roll for how much damage? With an eight, correct? Justin: Whatever it says there on the sheet.
Clint: Well, I did three.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: What happens, Griffin?
Griffin: He is, uh, fazed. He is not unfazed by that. He takes the hit, and immediately sort of stands back up. And he‘s a little bit imposing now.
Justin: Oh my.
Griffin: ‘Cause you know... This is, I think, the first time you haven‘t one- hit-killed somebody, so... you don‘t know what‘s gonna happen next. One of you might be attacked. Wouldn‘t that be novel.
Travis: What?
Clint: Gee, I wonder who that‘s gonna be. The guy that made him drop the
haunch, maybe?
Griffin: Maybe. Uhh—
Travis: ―My haunch! 
Justin: ―It was the best haunch! 
Travis: ―Aww, man! 
Justin: ―I have so—I have so few pleasures in life! 
Travis: ―That was my grandfather‘s haunch! He gave it to me! 
Griffin: We‘re moving back to the top of the order. It‘s actually the goblins‘ turn, since Travis delayed. Uh, there are—
Travis: What did they—
Griffin: Three goblins. The one that actually did just take that hit is going to swing right back at you, Merle.
Clint: Yeah, hm.
Griffin: And they are going to roll... fucking clown shoes. Nine? Is
that gonna do it?
Clint: I have an armor class of 18.
Griffin: So—
Travis: So no.
Griffin: And that‘s half of it, so clearly not. Okay, yeah, their attack is buffeted away by your heavy hide.
Clint: Yeah. Grr.
Griffin: One of them is going to rush at Magnus and try and attack him.
That is a 19 plus... that‘s a 23.
Travis: Yeah, that‘s gonna hit.
Taako: Ow.
Griffin: And they do... four plus two... They do six slashing damage.
Travis: Six slashing damage, you say...
Griffin: One of the other goblins is going to try and scurry up the wall towards Tom Arnold.
Justin: No.
Griffin: A 15, plus their... What would that be?
Justin: I don‘t think you need to tell us these rolls. I think that kind of ruins the illusion.
Griffin: Okay. He scurries up the wall towards Tom Arnold, and grabs him by the scruff of the neck and hangs him over the edge of the stage and says...
Goblin: Put your weapons down.
Justin: Damn it.
Griffin: This goblin‘s actually—
Justin: But only I know that he said that, right?
Griffin: He‘s actually speaking in common, so the three of you can understand it.
Justin: Whoa. Does he look like Common?
Griffin: He looks exactly like Common. But—
Clint: Well that‘s a badass goblin, right there.
Travis: Gotcha.
Griffin: He looks super cool. He says...
Goblin: The three of you strike me as... businessmen. Is that a fair assumption?
Griffin: He sounds like Kelsey Grammer. And he looks like Common. He‘s one hell of a goblin.
Taako: I love business.
Goblin: I don‘t think anybody in this room wants to get stabbed any more than we already have.
Goblin: I have a... a proposition for you.
Justin: Uh, okay.
Taako: Hit us!
Goblin: I will let you leave this cave, with your Barry Bluejeans, alive and unharmed, if you do me one small favor.
Taako: Eh, what is it?
Goblin: I want you to depose our current employer, whose name is Klaaaarg...
Griffin: He says...
Goblin: I want you to help me help you help me.
Travis: ―What will it take to get you to murder my boss today? 
Goblin: I need you to murder Klarg for me. And I know you‘re wondering, ―What‘s in it for me? I‘ve already told you this, it is Barry Bluejeans. I will give you Barry Bluejeans alive and well.
Justin: I—I ask the other two people in the group if they have any idea who Barry Bluejeans is, or care.
Travis: I‘m almost certain he was, uh, what‘s-his-face‘s buddy.
Clint: He was. That was the mercenary he hired.
Justin: Okay. Ohhh. Right, right.
Clint: So he‘s a mercenary.
Magnus: Now, excuse me, sir. Goblin, sir.
Goblin: Yes?
Magnus: What—why—
Goblin: I‘m sorry, what is your name? I, I—how rude of me
Magnus: Uh, Magnus Burnsides, ―The Hammer. 
Goblin: Wh—the... Now, hold on.
Magnus: I picked up a nickname since last week.
Goblin: In this cave, you picked up a nickname. In the cave.
Magnus: No. I just remembered it, from a long time ago. Flashback.
Goblin: Fantastic. Uhh, yes.
Magnus: And what is your name, sir?
Merle: My name—my name is, of course—
Magnus: No, not you!
Merle: Oh, sorry.
Magnus: I know your name. Goblin, sir.
Goblin: You can call me... You can call me Yeemick.
Merle: Yeemick?
Yeemick: Yeemick, theG erblin.
Magnus: Yeemick, why... Why do you want us to depose Klarg? Is it a power grab?
Yeemick: Uhh, let‘s call him a new hire? A transfer from, uh...
Merle: The home office?
Yeemick: The home office, yes. Let‘s just say that there are certain gerblins, in this uh, institution, who are not Klarg‘s biggest fan.
Griffin: And the other two goblins on the floor are like...
Goblin: Yeah, fuck that guy. For real though. For real though.
Magnus: Cool, cool.
Taako: Uhh, I have a question. I hate to interrupt.
Yeemick: Yes?
Taako: Is it far away?
Yeemick: Oh, no, it‘s—it‘s in this very cave. Uhh, in a—in a lofty antechamber.
Magnus: Where were you educated, sir? You are very well-spoken.
Yeemick: I went to Harvard.
Magnus: Excellent.
Justin: Fucking patronizing. He‘s gonna see right through that.
Travis: No, I‘m respectful!
Yeemick: On the other side, we could continue this fight, and I will drop Barry Bluejeans to his death.
Magnus: Frankly, I see this as win-win for everyone.
Yeemick: I agree wholeheartedly.
Justin: Especially Barry!
Magnus: Especially Barry. It seems like you get what you want, and we‘ll get what we want.
Griffin: You can see Barry Bluejeans now that he‘s sort of holding him over the edge. You can see him illuminated by the fire a little bit. And he—he is just—
Clint: Is he alive?
Griffin: He is breathing, but he is beat to shit. He is, uh... he
looks real messed up.
Taako: I just don‘t see what we get out of this.
Magnus: Well, it‘s what we were gonna do anyways, right? We were gonna take out the—the Boss Man, and... uh, and we, it seems like we—
Taako: I thought we were just delivering something!
Magnus: But we need Barry Bluejeans to find out what happened to the other dude!
Yeemick: You do need—
Magnus: Oh that‘s—
Yeemick: Everyone—everyone needs a Barry Bluejeans.
Merle: Alright, I say we agree to his terms.
Taako: Oh... ohh... hurgh.
Magnus: But first, before we agree to anything, I am gonna need Barry Bluejeans brought back over.
Merle: Yeah.
Magnus: —the edge. I need some—some indication that this is not a trap.
Yeemick: I‘m not going to murder Barry Bluejeans.
Taako: Pull him back over.
Yeemick: Unless—
Taako: Pull him back from over the edge, and we can talk about this.
Merle: And will he be of any use in our, y‘know, our efforts against Klarg? Justin: Not at this point.
Griffin: Oh, he‘s not—he‘s not in scrapping shape, yeah. He‘s...
Merle: Well then, just leave him on the stage there and come on down and join us, big fella.
Griffin: He rests him on the edge of the stage. He‘s no longer hanging over it, but he is... he is right there. He could be kicked over fairly easily.
Magnus: What happened to Barry‘s traveling companion?
Yeemick: Uhh... I wouldn‘t know anything about that. I‘m pretty sure he was alone. Riding two horses, astride two horses. He‘s a mountain of a man, as you can tell.
Clint: Okay. Alright. Now, Dungeon Master...
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Do I need to heal Taako, or will we rest and he will naturally heal? Justin: I‘m not hurt.
Travis: No, I‘m hurt. I‘m good.
Clint: I meant—I meant, uh, Magnus.
Travis: No, I‘ll be fine.
Griffin: It‘s up to you guys. If Magnus spent his hit dice, he probably doesn‘t have any more. I don‘t know... You can spend one of your spell slots to heal him, if you wanna do that.
Clint: What do you say, big fella? You okay? Travis: Yeah, I‘m—I‘m good.
Clint: Alright, screw it.
Magnus: Ummm... Yeemaw? Meemaw? Yeemick: Uh, Yeemick. What was his name?
Clint: Meemaw!
Yeemick: Yeemick.
Magnus: Yeemick. Um, may we rest by your fire and partake of some of this delicious looking haunch before we move on to kill Klarg?
Yeemick: No. I am going to need you to, ah... to get this show on the road, as they say. As we say at Harvard.
Merle: I brought Haunch Helper!
Magnus: What‘s in the box?
Yeemick: Uhh, stuff. Go fucking kill Klarg. 
Merle: Alright, where do we go?
Yeemick: Oh, you can find him across the overpass. We had that overpass put in earlier this year. Been a little bit of cave renovation. It‘s quite nice, don‘t you think?
Justin: Alright, fine, let‘sgo.
Clint: I say we go back over the overpass.
Justin: Yeah.
Clint: Into the other chamber...
Justin: Yep.
Clint: Where we heard the waterfall. Maybe we‘ll have an angle on him.
Justin: Sure. That‘s what we‘re talking about, right?
Travis: Selling it.
Griffin: Okay.
Yeemick: Goodbye! Have fun! Have fun! Bring me his head.
Travis: So when we get back on the overpass...
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I‘m gonna turn to Taako and Merle and say...
Magnus: I don‘t trust this situation.
Taako: Yeah, no shit!
Magnus: Okay, cool. I just wanted to make sure we‘re all on the same page—
Taako: Great job, Angela Lansbury! I don‘t know how you pieced that one together, he seemed so nice! Really Columbo-d that one.
Magnus: Is there some way for us to kill both Klarg and this dude?
Merle: Oh yeah, we‘re going to.
Taako: Yeah my dude, we‘re killing everybody.
Travis: Okay, cool.
Merle: Totally.
Taako: I thought that was implied!
Magnus: Okay, great. Listen—
Taako: I hope we hit level two by killing the other guy.
Clint: Soon as Meemaw turns his back—
Yeemick: Yeemick!
Clint: Yeah, whatever!
Justin: Did he hear that?
Clint: We‘re gonna snuff him.
Yemick: It‘s Yeemick!
Travis: Okay, cool.
Clint: The voice of god just yelled his name.
Yeemick: Stop talking about murdering me!
Travis: Listen, Magnus is all about—Magnus is about action, not planning.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: You point me—
Clint: Well, thank god you‘ve got us.
Travis: I am brute force. I am a blunt weapon. You point me in the direction.
Justin: Let‘s go in that other room and go kill—
Clint: Alright. The direction of the waterfall. Go.
Griffin: You guys move across the overpass. You move, uh, through a large chamber. You are on a ledge, fairly high up on this chamber, and you look down, and you can see two sort of man-made pools of water that are basically built out of giant towers of logs that are sort of arranged into walls, that are damming up where the waterfall is coming from. And then you see on the front of each pool, they are sort of back to back, a gate. And you think that that gate is what was dropped, and flooded the, uh... flooded the cave earlier.
Travis: Gotcha.
Griffin: So you count your lucky stars that they didn‘t drop the second gate on you and flush you out again. You see a couple of goblins down there, but they are sort of busy repairing the first gate that they dropped to flood you guys out, and they don‘t really see you. So you can continue on if you want, unless you would want to like, jump down there and murder them, too.
Clint: How far is it down there?
Griffin: It‘s about... it‘s about 15 feet down.
Travis: I‘m good continuing on.
Justin: Yeah, let‘s just move on. I don‘t wanna.
Griffin: Okay. You keep sort of creeping along the edge, and you come to the entrance of another chamber. You can‘t see especially far inside unless you get a little bit closer, but you hear a deep baritone voice shouting orders.
Clint: Does he sound rather Klargy?
Griffin: He sounds Klarg-ish. He sounds like... You don‘t wanna cast aspersions, and you don‘t wanna judge a book by its cover, but it sounds like the voice of a creature that would probably be known as Klarg. You can only hear that, because the other sound that you can hear is the deafening roar of this waterfall that is feeding this stream.
Justin: So we can see Klarg?
Griffin: The chamber is up a ways, up some ruined stairs that have seen better days. So if you‘re careful – and I‘m assuming you‘re being careful – you can make out a few shapes.
You see one figure that is absolutely massive. Much, much, much bigger than the goblins that you have been experiencing in this cavern. And that is about the only shape that you can make out. There‘s a few sort of natural stone pillars in that room, but unless you climb up those stairs and get closer, you‘re not going to be able to see much. Klarg is facing your direction, he just can‘t really make you out over this staircase.
Taako: Okay, listen, guys. Here‘s what I‘m thinking. What if... rather than try to fight Klarg, we see if we can trade the information that we have in exchange for Barry.
Merle: Like tell him that—
Taako: Say, we know that he has someone in his organization trying to, uh, who asked us to kill him. We‘ll let him in on that, but he has to promise to let Barry go with us.
Magnus: I like that.
Travis: Dungeon master?
Griffin: Yep?
Travis: So, geographically—
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Travis: The very first room we encountered when we entered, with the wolves chained up—
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Travis: And there was a chimney?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Where would that chimney line up with the two rooms we‘ve been in up here in the overpass?
Griffin: It was on the right, and you are on the right side of the cave. So it‘s a logical assumption that maybe that chimney opens up into there.
Travis: Gotcha.
Justin: What are you think—
Merle: I like—I like Taako‘s idea, but I think we need to work from a position of strength. Why don‘t we do something that makes him think we‘re real, real badasses, so he will uh, think twice and maybe consider the offer?
Taako: Um...
Clint: Like, could I use my, uh—the spell that I used before to illuminate the axe? And to, y‘know, like cast that spell on to something, like as a visual...
Griffin: You think this dude‘s never seen light before?
Clint: No.
Griffin: The light spell?
Clint: But I mean if something all of a sudden starts to glow...
Griffin: That‘s what they teach kids. They teach kids light in kindergarten.
Justin: No, I think this is a good idea.
Griffin: Yeah, I love it.
Justin: Okay, and I‘ll cast, at the same time, I‘ll use a cantrip. I‘ll use my
abilities of prestidigitation... and I‘ll create a shower of sparks.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And—and I‘ll build a chair with my carpentry tools.
Griffin: Yeah, okay.
Clint: I say you draw a bead on big boy with your shortbow.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Yeah, I don‘t think he‘s gonna be threatened by us. We‘re level one.
Clint: He doesn‘t know that! That‘s why we‘re firing off the fireworks and the light!
Justin: That‘s true. Griffin, you‘re not gonna tell him, are you?
Griffin: Uhh, no. So are you guys doing this now?
Justin: Yes. We‘re doing it simultaneously.
Griffin: Okay. The three of you, the three of you walk Magnificent Seven style, shoulder to shoulder, into this room. Dad, you‘re shooting light beams all over the place like they‘re in a Daft Punk concert, and Justin‘s showering sparks all over the place, and Travis strikes a—
Justin: And I‘m calling out to him. I‘m like...
Taako: Hello friend!
Clint: No, don‘t call him friend!
Travis: No, no no no, no, other way!
Clint: Yo, fat ass!
Justin: Hey, stupid!
Travis: No no no no, no no no, somewhere in the middle!
Griffin: Uh—
Taako: Hey, jerk!
Griffin: Okay. And Travis, you just sort of strike an imposing pose with your shortbow drawn. And then, from the left side of the cave, next to the entrance you just walked through, a wolf charges and attacks Merle. So uh, let‘s all roll initiative!
Justin: Okay.
Travis: Well that won‘t work. 19 again. Clint: Four.
Justin: 14.
Griffin: One moment... Okay.
Justin: Sounds like a lot of wolves.
Griffin: Uh...
Travis: Wolf Number 16 is gonna come—
Griffin: So this wolf gets a surprise round on you.
Justin: Excelente.
Clint: Great.
Griffin: He is attacking Merle, and he is gonna try and bite at your neck region. He rolls a... seven plus four... He rolls an 11.
Clint: I have 18.
Griffin: Not gonna do it. You just kind of throw him off, just using your neck muscles. It‘s—it‘s amazing. You‘re like Terry Crews.
Griffin: You just sort of flex and the wolf goes flying. Okay, so that was the surprise round. Klarg is, like, amazed by your pyrotechnics.
Klarg: Whoa!
Griffin: He says.
Klarg: Klarg is amazed by your power!
Clint: So he is John Goodman! Alright, now we got John Goodman— 
Klarg: I‘m John Goodman!
Griffin: You don‘t actually—you guys aren‘t entirely sure what he is. You‘ve never seen anything like him. But he‘s not a goblin. He‘s definitely not a goblin.
Justin: Is he humanoid?
Griffin: He is humanoid. He is furry. He‘s about six and a half feet tall, he
is muscle-bound... He looks pretty badass.
Travis: Does he look, like, more muscley than me?
Griffin: Nothing‘s more muscley than you.
Clint: Aww, nobody‘s more muscley than you, sweetheart.
Griffin: You‘re the most muscley boy, aren‘t you.
Travis: I mean more than Magnus, not more than Travis McElroy.
Justin: Is it my turn yet?
Griffin: Uh, it is Magnus‘ turn. We‘re to the top of the order now.
Justin: Can you ask him to call off the wolves?
Travis: Can I roll a quick animal handling check to see if there‘s any possibility of like, controlling the wolves—like, befriending my animal friends?
Griffin: You wanna make an animal handling check, to see if you can call off this wolf? Um... Yeah, sure. Go right ahead.
Travis: Or, I guess overall, I should say—
Griffin: Alright, let me explain what‘s in the room. So you have this wolf that has just attacked you. There‘s a fire pit sort of in the middle of the room that‘s just sort of hot coals and embers, that Klarg was sort of standing behind. And then, in the corner, you see this—the entrance to the chimney that you walked by earlier, with the wolves in it. Uh, and by that, you see two more goblins.
Clint: Can I make a suggestion? We‘ve already tried to establish ourselves as badasses. This wolf attacked us. Kill it, Magnus!
Travis: But I want a wolf buddy! Alright.
Griffin: I love this—I love this narrative thread of you trying to
befriend everything that tries to kill you. 
Travis: I—Listen, I love animals. Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Then I wanna kinda do something badass, if I‘m gonna take this wolf out.
Griffin: What are you—what are you thinking about?
Travis: Can I double attack?
Griffin: Not yet. Maybe someday.
Travis: Then I am going to...
Griffin: You can try and pick him up and throw him onto the fire pit.
Travis: Yeah, that one. Let‘s do that. I‘m gonna do that. I‘m gonna hoist the wolf over my head and throw him in the fire.
Griffin: Well you—you will have to make a couple of checks there. Travis: No, I‘m good with that.
Justin: Dumb check. See if it‘s dumb to do.
Travis: I prefer action. Thinking is for other people.
Griffin: I‘ll make—let me make the dumb check! Oh man, that is a
critical 20. Yeah. Alright. So you will have to make a strength... we‘ll say
a strength contest against this wolf.  ̳Cause this wolf is gonna try and wriggle to try and get out of your grasp.
Travis: Gotcha. So this is just strength.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, you—oof. Yeah.
Travis: Okay. I got—
Justin: A 20, Trav? Was it a 20? Travis: No... It was 15 plus four, 19.
Justin: Ah, okay. One off.
Griffin: So yeah, you manage to hoist this wolf into the air.
Travis: Yeah! And now what do I have to do?
Clint: Throw him!
Travis: Okay! I‘m gonna throw him!
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: I think that‘s a thrown attack.
Griffin: Well you‘re only a few feet from this fire pit, so you manage to toss this wolf into this fire. The wolf is gonna try to land on his feet. He‘s gonna make a... we‘ll say a dexterity saving throw. He does. He gets a 17. So he manages to—he lands in the fire and he takes... He takes, we‘ll say 1d4 points of damage. He takes three damage, and he‘s uh... he is very perturbed. And it smells amazing in this room for a second.
Travis: As a free action I‘m gonna point at Klarg and yell...
Magnus: Call him off.
Klarg: You threw my wolf in the fire!
Magnus: And I‘ll do worse if you don‘t stop him!
Clint: Ooh!
Klarg: But he‘s my favorite wolf, and you threw him in the fire, though!
Magnus: Then call him off or lose him forever.
Justin: Ooh!
Clint: Ooh!
Klarg: Ohh! But he‘s my—
Merle: Just do it!
Klarg: You—you threw him in the fire!
Magnus: He attacked my friend. I say we‘re even.
Klarg: I attacked your friend.
Magnus: Then you‘ll meet the same fate.
Klarg: You can‘t pick me up, I‘m way bigger than the wolf was!
Clint: And then I say...
Merle: Fellas, fellas, fellas! We came here to talk!
Klarg: You should have thought about that before throwing my dog in the fire!
Merle: Well you shouldn‘t have had your dog jump up my ass!
Travis: ―You got your ass in my dog! ―You got your dog in my ass! 
Klarg: I don‘t think my dog could fit in an ass... Justin: 
Magnus: You haven‘t seen this ass!
Taako: I have!
Magnus: We‘ve gotten off track.
Taako: Listen...
Merle: He‘s not kidding around here!
Griffin: Uhh... The wolf is—
Justin: I have a question. Are we allowed to talk if it‘s not our turn?
Griffin: Yeah, sure. That‘s a free—it‘s a free action. I‘m not gonna—
Justin: So we get free actions whenever, huh?
Griffin: Well, I mean, I‘m not gonna silence you guys. If you wanna crack wise, I‘m not gonna say shush, it‘s not your turn.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Do you wanna say something to Klarg?
Clint: You can chime in here if you want to. Justin: Let me—let me try.
Taako: Pleeeaaase?
Clint: Oh, good, yeah.
Justin: Was that good?
Klarg: Okay, you‘ve convinced me.
Griffin: Um, no. That‘s not what happens. It‘s—next in the order is the wolf. He‘s going to scurry out of the fire pit. And he‘s gonna tackle... He‘s gonna make a running attack at—
Justin: I just wanna say, Travis, I wish you‘d just tried your animal handling, and—
Griffin: At Magnus.
Justin: Instead of attacking it—
Clint: Or just killed it!
Griffin: Yeah, I mean, this wolf was actually supposed to be your pet, but you—
Travis: Ahh, nooo!
Justin: This is perfect! Now we‘ve got a flaming wolf. That‘s gre— that‘s
good. Now it‘s a wolf, but it‘s on fire.
Travis: Actually he‘s... he‘s more like a smoldering wolf...
Griffin: The wolf, uh, jumps at Magnus... He, uh, got a 16 to attack. Travis: Well, my armor class is 17.
Griffin: Oh. So he is unsuccessful. He is very sad. The two goblins are up next. They are each gonna pull out shortbows. One is going to fire at Magnus, one is going to fire at Taako. Magnus, we‘ll do you first. Uh, 19 to AC.
Travis: Gimme one second, sorry.
Griffin: What happened?
Taako: Somebody was checking his fantasy football score.
Travis: I was. No, I uh... As a protection fighter, when a creature you can see attacks a target other than you that is within five feet of you, you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll. You must be wielding a shield. So I‘m gonna say there‘s disadvantage against the attack on Taako.
Griffin: Okay. But this attack was on you.
Travis: Yeah, and that hit. That hit real good. Nineteen?
Griffin: Three plus two. Five piercing damage.
Travis: So not great. Not great for me, I‘m down to two.
Griffin: Okay. The other attack against Taako... So you‘re imposing disadvantage? How often can you do that?
Travis: As far as I know, whenever.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: There‘s no limit.
Griffin: So the first attack is a crit. So, good that you did that. The other attack is a 12.
Justin: Uh, yeah. Griffin: 12 versus AC?
Justin: It‘s equal.
Griffin: So yeah, that‘s a hit. And they do—
Travis: But at least it wasn‘t a crit hit!
Griffin: Yeah, that would‘ve been pretty bad. They only rolled a one, plus... two... three damage. Three piercing damage to Taako.
Justin: Oof.
Griffin: That is it for the goblins. Who rolled a 14 for initiative?
Clint: Magnus.
Griffin: Nope.
Travis: No.
Griffin: It was either Merle or Taako.
Justin: I had a—yeah, I had a 14, so that‘s me.
Griffin: Okay. You‘re up. You got Klarg, you got two goblins over by the chimney, and you got a dog by—over by Magnus.
Justin: Alright, I cast charm person on Klarg.
Griffin: Okay, interesting. What do I, uh... what do I do about that?
Justin: I‘ll tell you.
Travis: You give Justin presents.
Justin: You, uh... I‘m gonna attempt to charm a humanoid. ―You must make a wisdom saving throw. If it fails the saving throw it is charmed by you until the spell ends, or until you or your companions do anything harmful to it. The charmed creature regards you as a friendly acquaintance. 
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Uh, what do I have to save against?
Justin: Wisdom. Save against wisdom.
Griffin: But there should be a number... There should be a number that you have that is my target to beat.
Justin: Oh, right. The saving throw DC to resist the spell you cast is 13.
Griffin: 13. Okay. And I‘m making a wisdom saving throw. This guy has plus zero to wisdom, so I need to roll a 13 or better. I roll a two... So consider Klarg charmed.
Justin: 
Taako: Klarg!
Clint: How long does this last?
Justin: Until we attack him.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Oh no, sorry, sorry, sorry. It lasts an hour.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Klarg, call them off.
Klarg: Call—sorry, who?
Travis: Uh, say what now?
Taako: All the b—call the wolves off.
Klarg: Oh, oh, sure. Hey, Percival, come back. Come to daddy.
Griffin: Percival scampers back to uh, to Klarg‘s side.
Clint: Can we put him out?
Justin: What?
Clint: First? Can we put him out since he was on fire? Griffin: Oh, he‘s not on fire. He‘s fine.
Justin: Okay, good. Uh— 
Taako: Klarg, my name is Taako.
Klarg: Well, it‘s a—it‘s a pleasure. It‘s, uh, it‘s really, really super great to meet you.
Taako: Well, I feel like we‘ve known each other for ages.
Klarg: I feel that way too. Do you need any money, or any—can I just sort
of—can I give you all of the things I have?
Taako: There will be time for that. Listen, we have a sort of a situation we wanted to loop you in on. We, uh—
Klarg: Do you guys want a tre—you‘ve been in my cave for a while now, do you want some oolong?
Taako: Uh, no, no oolong for us, thanks. We don‘t have much time. Actually about 59 minutes, if you‘re exact—
Clint: 
Taako: So listen. Uh, listen. We have a situation. One of your employees, uh, Yahweh, said—told us that, uh—
Klarg: I don‘t think the Jewish god is, uh, under my employ.
Magnus: I think it‘s Wee-man.
Merle: I think it‘s Meemaw.
Taako: Meemaw? Wee-man?
Klarg: Wee-man. Yes.
Taako: Wee-man. He told us that... First off, he has our friend Barry Bluejeans held captive.
Merle: You know Barry.
Taako: You know Barry.
Klarg: That was— I did— Yes, I—
Taako: I thought. We figured.
Klarg: I may have—
Magnus: Water under the bridge.
Taako: Water under the bridge.
Merle: Let‘s get past it.
Taako: Uh, listen. Your friend wanted us to—and I know this is going to be hard to hear—
Klarg: Are you sure you don‘t want any tea? I have a delicious Earl Grey—
Taako: Fifty-eight minutes, Klarg, try to stay focused.
Merle: We‘re good. We‘re okay.
Taako: He tried... he wanted us to, believe it or not, kill... Well, you. Kill you.
Klarg: That doesn‘t sound like... Are we talking about the same Yeemick? There are—sorry, I think I understand what the problem is. I employ several Yeemicks.
Taako: Klarg, look at me. It‘s Taako. This is Taako talking.
Klarg: I—
Taako: Would I lie to you?
Merle: Huh?
Klarg: I guess I‘ve known all along...
Merle: Look at that face. Look at that face!
Taako: Look at this face, Klarg. It‘s me, Taako! Listen. Here‘s the thing. We want Barry back. We wanna kill this bad guy... that wants to kill you. We want our friend Barry, and we want—we‘d like some gold. Like, some gol— like, a little gold.
Merle: For our trouble.
Taako: For our trouble!
Magnus: And if it‘s not such a big deal, it would be great to know what happened to our other friend.
Taako: What do you say, Klarg?
Magnus: Gundren.
Taako: Gundren. Klarg, what do you say?
Klarg: I think that we can come to a very, uh, agreeable conclusion to this entire misunderstanding. Give me just one moment.
Merle: Sure.
Griffin: He goes over to what looks like a desk that a bugbear would use. He‘s a—he‘s a bugbear.
Clint: Aww!
Griffin: And he uh... He pulls a sort of a rock out of the wall, so that there‘s like a small hole in the wall, and he says, uh—
Klarg: Yeemick, can I see you in my office, please? 
Taako: sees us.
Griffin: And he puts the rock back in. And about, uh... Okay, while we‘re waiting. Yeah. Before he comes. Klarg, just a heads-up. He‘s gonna know something‘s up when he
Klarg: Oh, tot— No, please. Listen, Yeemick talks a big game, but he really is, uh... He‘s as sweet as cherry pie. You have nothing to worry about. Trust me, my friend.
Magnus: I say we move to either side of the door.
Merle: How about if we pretend we‘re captives? Or dead?
Justin: Oh, can we feign dead-ness?
Clint: Can we feign death?
Griffin: Uh—
Justin: Yeah, we all lie down! I lie down on the ground!
Klarg: I—I tell—I‘m telling you, this—this level of chicanery is not—
Taako: Bleh, I can‘t hear you, I‘m dead!
Clint: Alright.
Merle: Come on, Taako, stay up.
Klarg: I do feel like you‘re embarrassing yourself a little bit, but if you wanna lie on the floor and play child games, it‘s—
Taako: Tell it to my ghost! Klarg: Okay.
Magnus: Can I play with your dog?
Clint: Oh my god, he won‘t give up on the dog!
Klarg: Absolutely not. You did throw him in a—listen. I love you guys. You‘re my oldest—
Justin: You love Taako. Well, you love Taako.
Klarg: You‘re my oldest and dearest friends. You threw my dog in a
goddamned fire.
Magnus: Uh, but yeah. That was a misunderstanding.
Griffin: Uh, okay. So what are you—what are the three of you doing?
Clint: Alright, let‘s—
Travis: I say we stand to the side of the door.
Clint: Yeah, at least stay out of sight to—don‘t give him a chance to—
Justin: Oh, that‘s good. Yeah yeah yeah, we‘ll stand on the other side of the door so he doesn‘t see us as soon as he walks in.
Griffin: Okay. Yeemick walks in with the two other goblins that were in that room with him. They walk into the room. They do not see you as they walk in.
Justin: Is Barry with them?
Griffin: Barry is not with them.
Clint: He‘s back on the stage.
Griffin: He‘s back on the stage.
Travis: Where he belongs!
Griffin: But the three goblins who walk in have their weapons drawn. And Klarg goes, uh...
Klarg: Oh, Yeemick. I have heard the most fascinating story about you.
Griffin: And Yeemick draws a shortbow and fires a round off at Klarg
Travis: What—hold on! Can I use my protection for Klarg?
Griffin: Yeah, sure. We‘ll say that.
Travis: Okay, great!
Griffin: Okay, so you‘re imposing... The first roll was an 18. The second roll is a 17, which hits his armor class. And he takes... He takes four points of damage. And Klarg reels from that shot and says...
Klarg: Oh, so it‘s true. Griffin: And pulls out— Travis: Oh, I see how it is!
Griffin: And pulls out a giant morning star in one hand and a javelin in the other, and looks like he‘s getting ready for business. We‘re gonna hop back into initiative.
The two goblins that were in the chamber before walk over behind Yeemick, and align with this seditionist movement. And I believe the last person to go was Taako, so Klarg is actually next in the order. He is going to bear down on Yeemick with this big, big morning star. And rolls a... 19, which hits for 2d8, plus two damage. That‘s a seven...
Travis: Real glad we charmed that dude.
Griffin: A six... Seven plus six is 13, plus two is 15 piercing damage. He crushes Yeemick into the ground, and the other four goblins look a little bit worried about that. And next in the order is Merle.
Clint: Is Magnus still at only two life points? Two hit points?
Travis: I—I mean, I‘ve got Second Wind, if I can keep from getting hit. I‘m feeling fine. Don‘t worry about me. Action, action, action.
Justin: Well, I don‘t want you to die. We‘re trying to make a podcast here.
Travis: I‘ll be fine. Magnus will be fine. Either that—
Clint: Well then—
Travis: Or his brother Mignus will show up. 
Clint: Then how would I proceed if I wanted to leave the cave and go back to Barry Bluejeans and try to heal him?
Griffin: You can do that. You‘d be splitting up the party...
Travis: Don‘t do that.
Griffin: You got—you got Klarg in here, he‘s still charmed, and you‘ve got four goblins left. And—
Clint: How much longer on Klarg‘s charm?
Griffin: Each round of combat takes about six seconds, so, he‘s— Travis: We‘re fine.
Griffin: You‘ve got plenty of time on that clock.
Clint: Sorry Trav, I‘m gonna... I‘m gonna heal ya.
Travis: You jerk!
Griffin: I mean, you shouldn‘t apologize! 
Travis: How dare you, you turd!
Clint: Well, here‘s the thing. Do I need to burn another spell slot?
Griffin: Yeah. Your heals are based on—
Travis: You have—
Griffin: On your spell slots.
Clint: So if I use heal here, does that mean I won‘t be able to cast anything else?
Griffin: Is it—do you only have the two spell slots?
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Then yeah. Until you take a long rest, you won‘t be able to cast anything else.
Clint: Alright, well, I‘m gonna cast healing hands. A one.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: And I add five to it.
Griffin: So Travis gets six—
Travis: Plus six.
Griffin: Magnus gets six hit points back.
Travis: ‘Kay. Gotcha. Feeling fine.
Griffin: You feel lightly refreshed. You feel like you just applied some Bengay.
Travis: Gotcha.
Clint: And then I say, triumphantly...
Merle: You‘re welcome!
Magnus: Thanks.
Griffin: I mean, you didn‘t like, sew an arm back on. You healed him for six points of damage.
Clint: Let‘s see you heal him!
Travis: I do appreciate it. Okay, next!
Griffin: Next in the order, back to the top of the order, is Magnus.
Travis: Then, I mean, I‘m gonna attack one of the gerblins!
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Wait. Can we tell if Yahweh is dead?
Griffin: He‘s—oh, he‘s super dead.
Justin: Okay. Great.
Griffin: And by the way, we shouldn‘t say the sentence out loud, ―Yahweh is dead. 
Justin: Now, hold on—
Griffin: Just for future reference, we should avoid saying that sentence out loud.
Travis: So I would like to roll an intimidation check—
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And tell the four goblins that are left, their leader is dead, lay down
your weapons.
Griffin: Okay. What is your... what is your intimidation skill?
Travis: My intimidation is plus three. 18.
Griffin: We‘ll say you‘re contesting their wisdom. That‘s a crit. That is not successful.
Travis: So no then.
Griffin: They are not intimidated. In fact—
Travis: Can I still attack?
Griffin: They look super brave. Yeah, sure.
Travis: Okay, great. Then I‘m just gonna swing one-handed battleaxe at whoever‘s closest to me.
Griffin: Okay. Uhh...
Travis: And it kinda goes like this...
Magnus: Lay down your weapons!
Travis: ―Nooo! 
Magnus: Alright.
Griffin: Okay. That‘s—that would be the one on the far right there.
Travis: Um... 18.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s a hit.
Travis: 1d8... plus four... 11. Griffin: Yeah, he is —he is cleaved.
Travis: Cleft.
Griffin: He is cleft.
Travis: Cleaved?
Clint: Cleaved?
Travis: Clefted.
Griffin: He‘s dead. He fucking died. Okay? I‘ll buy a—listen. I‘ll buy a thesaurus before we play next time. You killed a goblin, great job. You get 20 experience points. Is this what you want?
Clint: Do I get 20?
Travis: No flavor text?
Griffin: Here‘s some flavor. You killed him and you didn‘t even think twice about it. You just did it, impulsively. You murdered another gerblin.
Justin: You‘re—you‘re deeply broken inside.
Griffin: Great job. Next in the order is the wolf. The wolf is going to charge at the goblin on the far left. 15, which ties their armor class, so that‘s a hit. 2d4 plus two. That‘s a four, plus three, seven, nine. He tackles the goblin on the far left to the ground, and he stops moving. Next in the order is the goblins. There‘s only two left. That is enough to intimidate them. One of them runs, turns and runs, and and sort of scurries down that chimney. Another one goes over there and tries to get down that chimney, but he gets stuck along the way, hilariously. So that can be it. You‘ve got a goblin stuck in a hole; you got Klarg there, still charmed; you got a wolf, he is enjoying a delicious meal. And we are out of initiative.
Merle: Way to go, team!
Taako: Woohoo!
Griffin: Good work! It was a very unconventional way of tackling that, but I liked it.
Clint: You said you liked that.
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Klarg: Boy, I wish I hadn‘t needed to murder them. That was, uh...
Clint: 
Justin: Can I search them?
Griffin: Uh, absolutely. If you wanna do that in front of Klarg, I think, more power to you.
Taako: Klarg—
Justin: Let me talk to him.
Taako: Klarg, old buddy... Klarg: Uh.Yeah.
Taako: We‘re—we‘re—we‘re gonna search them for valuables. Is that cool with you?
Klarg: I— You know, I suppose so. It‘s going to, uh— 
Taako: Excellent. Thanks, Klarg, I appreciate it.
Klarg: Okay. Uh if you... uh... Yeah, just go right ahead. 
Justin: Okay, we do it.
Griffin: Okay. You find in Yeemick‘s pocket a... sack full of golden teeth. And you—you assume that that‘s going to be worth a pretty penny. Maybe about 30 gold pieces or so.
Justin: Do we need to sell it, or can I just put down 30 gold pieces? 
Griffin: You can put down 30 gold pieces.
Justin: Alright. Split three ways, so...
Griffin: Klarg goes...
Klarg: Oh! I forgot, I promised you guys so much—so much money. Let me go—
Magnus: And there was talk of tea? 
Klarg: Oh, yeah! Is it—
Griffin: He gets really excited about that.
Klarg: Do you want—I have so much! And I have a lot to share if it‘s something you‘re actually interested—
Taako: You know what? A cup of oolong would be a delight.
Klarg: Oh, fantastic.
Magnus: It would go down real smooth.
Merle: Scones? Do you have scones?
Klarg: Oh my god, no, I—oh my god, I don‘t.
Merle: It‘s okay. It‘s okay.
Klarg: No, I— I can run out and get you some— Merle: No, no, I‘m diabetic. I couldn‘t eat ‘em anyway. 
Klarg: I just feel so terrible!
Merle: You just looked like a scone guy, is all.
Griffin: He—he comes back and brings you out three glasses of the most delicious, most aromatic oolong tea you have ever tasted. It is enough to level all three of you up to level two. Just drinking this incredible tea brings you up to level two. 
Clint: Great. How much time has passed?
Griffin: He also—59 minutes and 59 seconds. No, it‘s—you‘re fine. He also drags out a small chest that contains a lot of copper and silver pieces in it equal to... about 25 gold pieces. There‘s also two potions of healing in there.
Justin: Can you make it 24?
Griffin: 24 gold pieces, two potions of healing — I‘m not gonna round that up for you — and a jade statuette of a frog with tiny golden orbs for eyes, worth about 40 gold pieces.
Clint: Nice!
Griffin: So 64 gold pieces and two potions of healing. The frog statuette is small enough to fit in a pocket or pouch. I‘m getting that one straight from the guide book, not making that part up.
Travis: I‘m glad we don‘t have to lug a six-foot statue around. Thanks. Thanks, guide!
Griffin: He says...
Klarg: That‘s, uh... that‘s about all there is, guys. I don‘t feel too bad about
that. You just significantly reduced my company‘s overhead. Griffin: And he laughs. He has a nice, good laugh about that.
Clint: He does, doesn‘t he?
Griffin: He has a nice, hearty laugh.
Merle: Well, just think, old buddy... just those many fewer Christmas bonuses you‘ll have to fork up.
Klarg: Oh yeah. Recruitment is a real pain in the old hiney, but y‘know, it‘s—
Taako: Uh, Klarg... Klarg: Yes?
Taako: Since we‘re friends, here...
Klarg: Absol—best friends, I would say.
Taako: I would say that. What happened to—
Klarg: Lovers maybe?
Taako: Uhh... Time will tell. What happened to uh, uh, uh...
Merle: Gundren.
Taako: Gundren?
Klarg: We... actually... gave him away.
Merle: Gave him away?
Magnus: Come again?
Klarg: I guess I can start from the beginning. We were hired... We were contracted to give — to collect, let‘s say — to acquire Gundren and deliver him to The Black Spider. So that‘s what we did, and that‘s where he is at, I imagine.
Taako: Okay, what‘s The Black Spider?
Klarg: I don‘t actually know. I‘ve never met him. But I do know, I guess he
loves... dwarves! Because he just— Merle: He does?
Klarg: I guess he just likes having them.
Taako: Where... Do you think you can mark on my map here where you left Gundren?
Klarg: We took him— We actually delivered him to an envoy, to a representative for Mr... For Mr. Spider here at this cave. So unfortunately, that is not...
Taako: Do you have a way of contacting The Black Spider?
Klarg: The Black Spider typically contacts me, unfortunately. I do wish I could help you out in this regard, but I do not think there is anything I can do for you.
Taako: Okay. You don‘t have any healing salves or anything, do you? Except for these potions you just gave us, right?
Klarg: I did just give you those potions—
Taako: Yeah, okay. Listen, Klarg—
Klarg: Yeah?
Taako: This has been so great.
Klarg: I have had a fantastic time, too. I did have to murder my employees, but I—but you know—
Magnus: They were gonna murder you.
Klarg: They were going to murder me, weren‘t they? You‘re always right about things, Magnus. That‘s why I like you.
Merle: Now listen, before—before we say goodbye, let‘s not leave without making plans to get together again.
Klarg: Can we have a hug?
Merle: No. No, not with a bugbear. No.
Klarg: Can one of you guys give me just a quick hug?
Merle: I say Magnus!
Taako: Uh, Magnus! Sounds like a job for Magnus. 
Klarg: How about a really nice hug?
Merle: He loves animals!
Travis: Okay. Listen. If there‘s one thing I know about Magnus, he loves hugs!
Clint: Roll your hug die.
Griffin: He, uh—
Travis: Let‘s turn this bugbear into a hugbear.
Griffin: He takes you in his arms and he cradles you. His fur is so much softer than you thought it was gonna be.
Justin: Travis: Aww.
Griffin: It‘s amazing. So you share an embrace. You try to disengage. He is—
Clint: You begin to hum gently.
Griffin: He‘s actually holding you a little bit longer than you probably
wanted to be held.
Justin: Awkward.
Travis: Mm-hmm. But you know what? Maybe Magnus needs that.
Griffin: He starts moving his hands in small, slow circles... On the top of your back.
Taako: Okay, listen, we‘ve got to be going. Merle: Look at the time!
Klarg: This is good, isn‘t it?
Magnus: Yeah.
Klarg: Are—are the two of you, are you sure you don‘t want a piece of this action also?
Taako: Oh, next time. For sure.
Griffin: Okay. Time is—time is running short, you are starting to think, on this spell, and maybe it‘s time to head out.
Justin: Alright, here we go.
Clint: Did we want to at least think about murdering Klarg?
Justin: No, we‘re not gonna murder Klarg, he‘s our buddy.
Travis: No, not at all. We need to get Barry Bluejeans and get out of here.
Justin: We‘re gonna get Barry Bluejeans. Can—now, let me have a discussion with you guys. Can we leave the room first?
Griffin: Yeah. Sure.
Justin: Okay.
Klarg: So long, friends!
Taako: Goodbye, Klarg.
Magnus: Goodbye Klarg!
Justin: Should we...
Clint: God, that was creepy.
Justin: Use one of our healing potions on Barry? So we‘re—it‘s like, not dead weight?
Clint: Yeah. I say—well, why do that? Why don‘t I just heal him?
Justin: You don‘t have any charges left.
Clint: Oh, that‘s right.
Justin: You used your two spell slots.
Travis: Okay, well let‘s get back in the room first.
Justin: Yeah, let‘s go check on him.
Travis: ‘Cause we left him alone with those dudes.
Clint: I say we carry him out, if we—
Justin: Alright. Well, let‘s get in there. Is he okay, Griffin?
Griffin: He is. He‘s lying where he was left by Yeemick.
Clint: Well, can we—
Travis: I wanna check the crate that Yeemick was going through.
Griffin: Okay. There is... mostly it is some very rough leather armor, some clothing, some letters. You believe that these are probably Barry
Bluejeans‘ possessions.
Justin: Oh, right on. Okay.
Griffin: So you guys, uh, slap Barry around a little bit. He comes to. He is
in horrible shape, but he‘s not unconscious.
Clint: What if he‘s a douche?
Travis: Like he needs to exercise more and eat better?
Clint: 
Griffin: He is a little bit overweight. Is that what you wanted to hear me say?
Travis: I do. I do wanna know that Barry‘s a little chubster!
Griffin: He is— he is a solidly put together man, in his...you‘d estimate in his 50s. So he‘s basically got one foot in the grave, age-wise.
Clint: Is he conscious?
Griffin: He is conscious. And he is very, very grateful to be alive. Although he is... again, I can‘t stress this enough, he is real fucked up.
Justin: Okay, listen, I‘m gonna go ahead and give this guy a healing potion. This is silly.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I heal hi—I give him a healing potion.
Griffin: He, uh, guzzles it down. And he says...
Barr: This is—this is wonderful. Thank you. Thank you, you kind soul. I will never, ever forget this kindness that you have done for me. My name is Barry J. Bluejeans, and I‘m ready to kick some goblin ass! Where did they go?
Taako: Listen, all of the asses have been kicked, dear Barry.
Barry: Where—you didn‘t leave me one ass?
Taako: No, we—
Merle: There‘s some stuff out in the weeds, if you‘re really interested in it.
Taako: We have your clothes.
Barry: I will take those, yes. These are my favorite clothes. My name is Barry J. Bluejeans.
Merle: Ironically, they are blue jeans, so...
Barry: Yeah, well, yeah. No shit. How you think—why do you think they call me that?
Clint: Yeah, he is a douche.
Barry: What do you—you think that this is a family name?
Clint: Barry‘s a douche.
Barry: Oh, guys, thank you so much. And again, that healing potion. So great, so smart. Definitely the right move to make.
Magnus: Let‘s get outta here.
Justin: Wait—
Merle: What—what do you know about this Black Spider dude?
Justin: Wait, hold on, hold on. Where are we right now?
Griffin: You are in—you are still in the cave.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: Are we in the auditorium room with the stage?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Justin: We need to truck it outta the cave, because Klarg‘s gonna wake up soon, and he‘s gonna remember what happened, and I don‘t wanna be here when that happens.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: Okay. Alright. Barry Bluejeans is amenable to that. He‘s like...
Barry: Yeah, let‘s get the hell outta this cave. I am not a big fan of this cave. My name‘s Barry Bluejeans.

[BAL3]

Griffin: Last time on The Adventure Zone…
Up there, you see another goblin, and next to him, you see an unconscious
human man. He sounds like Kelsey Grammer. And he looks like Common.
He‘s one hell of a goblin.
Yeemick: I have a proposition for you. I will let you leave this cave, with
your Barry Bluejeans, alive and unharmed. I want you to depose our current
employer, whose name is Klaaaarg.
Griffin: Klarg is like… he looks pretty badass.
Justin: Alright, I cast charm person on Klarg.
Griffin: He brings you out the most aromatic oolong tea you have ever
tasted. It is enough to level all three of you up to level two.
Taako: What happened to Gundren?
Klarg: We were contracted to acquire Gundren and deliver him to The Black
Spider.
Justin: Klarg is gonna wake up soon, and I don‘t wanna be here when that
happens.
Griffin: Barry Bluejeans is amenable to that. He‘s like…
Barry: Yeah let‘s get the hell out of this cave, I am not a big fan of this
cave. My name‘s Barry Bluejeans.
The Announcer: Once again, the yawning portal opens before you!
Abandon all hope, ye who enter… The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: So the four of you, with Barry J. Bluejeans, are walking out of the
cave towards your wagon. Very far off in the distance in that cave, you
hear…
Klarg: Wait, what?! Ah, shit!
Griffin: You manage to get back to where your cart is. Sure enough, it is
just fine. It‘s still hidden, nobody‘s managed to come across it. The dog in
the back is pretty upset, but the—
Merle: Aww, come here Ruby! Come heeere.
Griffin: She bites all of your hand off.
Clint: Oh, that‘s alright, I don‘t care.
Travis: Let me roll for animal handling!
Griffin: No.
Clint: No!
Travis: Okay, fair enough.
Clint: Ruby‘s mine!
Griffin: You can‘t do that. You all walk back, hop in the cart, and get back
on the road towards Phandalin.
Clint: Can we do something first?
Justin: Wait, we gotta talk to Barry.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Taako: Barry, what the hell happened?
Barry: A lot of shit. And it was all really terrible, and if you gave me the
option, I would not do it again.
Clint: Why do I imagine that Bill Hader character where they all made their
own puppets, and they were all talking to the puppets… 
Griffin: I don‘t know what you‘re talking about.
Clint: I didn‘t think so, sorry, it‘s on Saturday Night Live. I would like to—
can we—
Griffin: That show hasn‘t been invented yet.
Clint: Oh. Or, has it already happened?
Griffin: Oh shit, future fantasy.
Clint: Yeah. Blew your mind. I think we ought to—before we head out, can
we do one of those perception checks or whatever?
Justin: We‘re talking to Barry right now.
Clint: Oh, I thought you were done, I thought he was done.
Justin: He didn‘t say anything!
Griffin: That was not all that Barry has to offer. 
Clint: Oh, I‘m sorry.
Barry: How much do you guys know? Let‘s, uh… I guess let‘s establish a
baseline.
Taako: We know that Gundren was sold, or given to someone named The
Black Spider through an envoy.
Barry: Okay.
Merle: Yeah, you lied to us, in other words.
Barry: I—
Magnus: We found your map.
Griffin: Uh… Did you? You didn‘t find a map.
Travis: No, I‘m lying.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Barry: So you found the map?
Magnus: Oh, we know all about the map.
Merle: Yep! Found the map!
Taako: So what was really going on, Barry?
Barry: Uh… Okay. Let‘s start from the beginning. Gundren and his
two brothers, whose names are Tharden and Nundro…
Travis: Uh-huh.
Merle: Good, good friends of mine.
Barry: Oh cousins, right! I forgot—I forgot all about that. The three of them
have a claim to the lost mine of Phandalin. They managed to find out where
it is.
Merle: So why didn‘t he tell us that right up at the front?
Barry: 'Cause he didn‘t trust you guys. Why the hell would he trust you?
Merle: I‘m his cousin!
Barry: You‘re fourth cousins. Dwarves have like 800 cousins, so it‘s like,
y‘know, you‘re basically perfect strangers.
Merle: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And dating‘s a bitch.
Barry: Yeah tell me about it. Or is it kinda great?
Merle: Kinda. 
Barry: I don‘t know who this Black Spider is, but I would love to give him a
piece of my mind. After I rest for about two months. I need to sleep. Listen,
I‘ve partied pretty hard before in my life. I'm gonna need to sleep this one
off.
Magnus: So it sounds to me like we‘ve got no leads on Black Spider or
anything like that. We should head to the town.
Barry: Listen, it‘s not my first goddamn time at the bodyguard rodeo, is
it, Magnus?
Griffin: Barry seems pretty confident that he can track Gundren down.
Taako: Barry, let me ask you this – do you need to go back to town?
Barry: I would love to go back to town. If we can get back there, let me get
a few sips of the ol‘ hooch, and maybe a… maybe a short rest, if you just
give me like a 15 minute power nap…
Taako: Well, listen guys, why don‘t we head back to town?
Magnus: I feel like something‘s telling me to go back to town.
Barry: Kick on the white noise… okay.
Taako: Let‘s go back to town, and then maybe we can go buy some junk.
Barry: Yeah, sure! Maybe some, uh, some horehound candy.
Merle: Whatever.
Barry: Well what‘s—why are you beefing now?
Merle: No look, I ain‘t—listen, I‘ll go along with the majority, that‘s fine.
Travis: Dad, would you rather stay here where we know nothing, and
nothing is going on?
Clint: Nah, nah, you‘re right as always. It‘s fine, fine, fine.
Griffin: You‘ve been listening to ―Passive-Aggressive Dungeons & Dragons. 
Justin: This has been ―Dungeons & Dragons with our Nonny. 
Clint: Nah, let‘s go, let‘s go to town! Yay, town!
Griffin: Okay you all get back to town. I don‘t know if you actually want to 
buy shit, because I‘m not a hundred percent sure how you… do that, per se.
Phandalin is a very large town compared to, I guess, some of the bullshit
villages that you guys have been through.
It‘s a town on the up and up, recovering from the collapse of the mining
economy. So there are general stores and armories that have really great
names, according to this book. There‘s 'Lionshield Coster.‘ I guess you can
buy like a sword or some shit there. You drop off Barry Bluejeans to get his
rest on.
Barry: Oh, by the way I need my, uh, my box of shit.
Merle: You need your box of shit?
Magnus: Cool, here you go.
Barry: Yeah. Alright.
Merle: Well, why don‘t we let him rest first?
Barry: Nah, I‘m just gonna go ahead and take it with me into the inn. I‘ve
got a change of clothes in there. I smell like—I smell like, uh… I smell like a
wet dog.
Merle: Okay… These guys have already burned us once. We don‘t know this
―Barry Bluejeans from shit.
Taako: Okay.
Merle: How do we know he‘s not going to take off when this…
Taako: Alright, I‘ll stay in the inn. And you guys go buy things.
Magnus: You want me to pick anything up for you?
Merle: No, you‘re the one who wants to go to town. Let me stay in the inn.
Taako: Alright, you stay in the inn. I‘ll go buy things.
Griffin: So the four of you sit down to sort of further discuss your next plan
of attack. Barry is very set on finding Gundren. If it gets out that he allowed
his, his…
Clint: Client?
Griffin: His client to get kidnapped, or dwarfnapped, it‘s not going to be
great for his reputation. So he is—he‘s looking around, and he says…
Barry: Like I said, that map. It was a fake. The real map… and this is really
great. You guys are going to love this. The real map is inside that goddamn
dwarf.
Merle: Yuck?
Barry: No, it‘s not like in his—it‘s not like in his butt or anything. Well, I
guess a little bit? It‘s his uh…
Magnus: Is this like Fifth Element style?
Barry: No, it wasn‘t love the whole time.
Magnus: Okay.
Griffin: And he‘s rooting around and he says—and he pulls out a parchment
that is completely blank, and he says…
Barry: Oh thank god, they didn‘t get this.
Griffin: And spreads it out and keeps digging around. And he says…
Barry: That dwarf. His blood… is actually the map. His blood! Isn‘t that
great? Have you heard anything like that before?
Merle: Wow!
Barry: Yeah!
Merle: What the hell are you talking about?
Griffin: He says…
Barry: He gave me, uh… he gave me a vial.
Griffin: He‘s like, digging around the box.
Barry: He gave me a vial of his blood…
Griffin: He—he‘s dumping the box out, he‘s emptying it upside down. And
he‘s saying, like…
Barry: Well. Never mind then, I may not have a way to find him if we can‘t
find this… this blood. Shit.
Merle: Well, I‘m a cousin. Would my blood work?
Barry: That is not a bad idea!
Griffin: He says. And he‘s like…
Barry: Can I, uh… can I borrow your hand there? For a second.
Merle: Um… I‘d be a lot more comfortable if you let me decide where the
blood was gonna come from.
Barry: I mean, just to make sure you get a lot. And make sure it‘s good
blood.
Merle: Uh, when you say a lot…
Barry: Tell me about your cholesterol.
Merle: Not good. But not bad. It‘s in the uh, it‘s the good cholesterol for
dwarves.
Griffin: Okay. Which is about 1,400, uh, in that range.
Clint: In there.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Alright, so I take the very unsanitary-looking fork laying on the table.
And I prick my finger and start it dripping.
Griffin: Okay, with each… you manage to hit a vein. You hit a major artery.
Justin: A finger vein.
Clint: In my finger?!
Griffin: Uh-huh. Well, you don‘t know about dwarf anatomy. You don‘t
know what‘s going on in there.
Travis: And you‘re real good at this. As a cleric, you know exactly where
the veins are.
Griffin: So it‘s weird, it‘s—with every drop of blood that you put on 
this… vellum, that you‘re assuming is enchanted in some way to react to
Rockseeker blood—
 Or Barry‘s just a giant prick.
Travis: ―Nah, I‘m just kidding! 
Griffin: Yeah, he‘s— ―Ahaha, I can‘t believe you fell for it again! No, with
each—
Travis: The old ―your blood is the map trick!
Griffin: Your blood is actually almost… molding itself. It‘s weird, it‘s not like
it‘s turning into ink, it‘s staying on top of the paper, almost like it‘s
hydrophobic. And it‘s forming this shape. With each drop, it‘s filling out more
and more and more of this shape. And you do that for a few minutes. Barry‘s
looking very impatient. He‘s like…
Barry: Can you cut more? Can we do more holes? I thought you guys were
like big brave heroes, and you‘re just like… it‘s like a child getting a booster
shot over here.
Merle: Yeah, eat me, Barry. Let‘s just go on.
Griffin: Okay. So you manage to get a looot of blood on this paper. And
you recognize that, by comparing it to the other map, that it is pointing to
the Sword Mountains, which are about a day‘s ride from Phandalin. And
there‘s one point where your blood has sort of formed a circle around the
foothills of the Sword Mountains, and Barry goes…
Barry: I‘ll be… I‘ll be a son of a bitch.
Merle: Okay, so how do we know that‘s where Thundren is?
Griffin: Uh, Gundren.
Merle: Told you, we‘re very close.
Barry: If he was taken by The Black Spider, I‘m assuming that they were
gonna take him… this cave—you gotta understand. This is the
Rockseekers‘ birthright, this cave. This is an area of tremendous power, and
they see it as their birthright. It belongs to them. But they are probably not
the only ones looking for it. So if—if The Black Spider took 'em, I guarantee
you he takes 'em here.
Justin: How far are the Sword Mountains from where we‘re at?
Griffin: A day. A day‘s ride.
Travis: A day‘s ride?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: So we need to get some horses? Or…
Barry: Oh, you can use my cart, if you want.
Taako: Do you want to come with us, Barry?
Barry: I really need to rest.
Taako: Barry, it would look bad if you let your charge… if you didn‘t rescue
them. I mean what would—
Barry: It would look super bad if I just, like, died. It would be equally bad—
Travis: That‘s gotta be bad for business.
Barry: Let me pitch you this – it‘s gonna be equally bad for my career if
I just fucking die.
Merle: That‘s a good point. Okay, maybe you could pay us part of your
commission if we go save him.
Taako: Yeah! I think you should cut us in if we‘re gonna rescue this guy.
You give us half of whatever you‘re getting paid to guard him.
Barry: If you can find this cave, you are not going to have to worry about
money ever, ever again.
Magnus: … 'Cause we‘ll die?
Barry: No. Well… Maybe. I‘m not a psychic.
Merle: Alright, but you gotta give us the map.
Barry: If you don‘t—oh, sure! I mean, it‘s your blood. Fuck it.
Magnus: Before we go, is there anything else you can tell us about The
Black Spider, or this cave, or…
Barry: I haven‘t seen—I haven‘t met this Black Spider. The cave… the
cave‘s called Wave Echo Cave. And I know that‘s a silly name. But it‘s just
what they call it. I didn‘t come up with it.
Magnus: I do have one question.
Barry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Magnus: Is Black Spider like… a nickname? Or is he a giant black spider?
Barry: I…
Justin: He‘d never heard of him! Why are you asking him?
Travis: Because I‘m— Magnus isn‘t good with spiders.
Justin: And apparently not good with paying attention!
Barry: I mean, I‘ve never seen—
Travis: Thinking is for other people.
Barry: Spiders are pretty small, right? So… I don‘t know how that guy
would be able to like kidnap and extort and shit if he was just a little spider.
But I don‘t know. Y‘know, they don‘t pay me to… to think.
Taako: Alright. Thanks, Barry.
Justin: Do we need… provisions? Do we need to buy provisions for…
Griffin: I am not gonna ever make you guys worry about food and shit.
Justin: Okay, good.
Travis: Perfect. Let‘s roll out!
Griffin: That is a Griffin McElroy DM—
Justin: What time of day is it right now?
Griffin: It‘s… mid-afternoon.
Clint: Did we rest?
Griffin: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you guys have taken a long rest.
You‘re back at zero.
Clint: Let‘s move out!
Travis: Let‘s roll out.
Justin: Alright, let‘s ride!
Clint: Here we come a-running…
Justin: Duh nuh nuh nuh nuh!
Clint: Head out on the highway!
Griffin: So… uh…
Justin: That was a good montage.
Griffin: So following this—
Justin: Are we there now?
Clint: We‘re there! 
Justin: Dad and I montaged us there. 
Travis: Oh, I missed it! I‘ll meet you guys there.
Griffin: You guys are totally there. You followed this Dwarven blood map.
It‘s a pretty sweet-looking map. It‘s all gothic and shit. It looks like
a Slipknot cover album.
Justin: Wait, a Slipknot… cover album, or a Slipknot album
cover?
Griffin: A Slipknot album cover.
Justin: This is my album of Slipknot covers.
Travis: I call it Loosebow.
Griffin: So I—I‘m jumping way, way forward, so you guys are gonna have to bear with me. Because you‘re not supposed to be at Wave Echo Cave yet. You‘re supposed to be like, level four or five by the time you reach Wave Echo Cave.
Travis: Oh, that sounds good!
Justin: What were we supposed to do?
Clint: Well, maybe we need to go somewhere else first.
Griffin: No, because I don‘t want you guys to—
Travis: Should we go grind? Like, kill some gnolls or something to level up?
Or collect some belts to turn in for something?
Griffin: Yeah, you go to Crushbone Castle and you collect belts and now
you‘re level 20. No, you‘ll be fine, don‘t worry about it.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: What did we miss?
Griffin: I mean, there‘s other stuff in this book, but I don‘t wanna stick to
this book for any longer than we absolutely have to.
Justin: Okay. Alright.
Griffin: There‘s like a castle. And there‘s like a bunker. You guys have
managed to find this, uh, region of foothills leading into the Sword
Mountains. And following this map, which is, for a thing made out of human 
body fluid, or Dwarven body fluid, incredibly detailed. You manage to find
your way to the entrance of Wave Echo Cave.
Justin: Dun dun dun…
Griffin: And from inside you actually hear, appropriately enough, what
sounds like crashing waves. And they‘re very intermittent. Every two
minutes or so, you hear like, the sounds of waves breaking on a shore. But
very, very, very loud.
Clint: And real echo-y!
Griffin: And super, super, super echo-y. And it‘s very—it‘s actually quite
cold inside the cave, as you move into the cave.
Justin: Did I bring a jacket?
Griffin: You brought a nice… parka.
Justin: Can I roll to see if I brought a jacket?
Griffin: Yeah, please. Are you not—are you actually gonna do it?
Justin: Oh! That‘s a two.
Griffin: Oh, no. You didn‘t—you didn‘t bring a shirt!
Clint: No, it‘s a—it‘s a members only jacket. A members only jacket.
Griffin: No way! For a two?
Travis: Whoa whoa whoa, that‘s for members only!
Griffin: No way!
Clint: Yeah, but how much protection is that gonna be?
Griffin: No, you‘re jacketless.
Travis: It‘s surprisingly comfy, thank you very much!
Griffin: You‘re jacketless, and your nipples are super hard, and they‘re
that like, type of hard where like, they keep rubbing against the inside of
your shirt.
Clint: Eugh!
Griffin: And like, and they‘re chafing. And you hate it.
Clint: But like it a little bit. 
Griffin: Nope. You only hate it. You start to make your way into the Wave Echo Cave, and sort of true to history, because remember, this was a… this was a mine where magical ores were mined out and crafted into incredibly powerful magic weapons. The walls of the cave are almost luminous. They‘re almost—they have like a bioluminescence to them, where you honestly don‘t really need a torch. There seems to be just sort of a natural light emanating all around you. The walls are sort of shimmering with latent energy. So you make your way into the cave entrance. There‘s a large cavern that‘s supported by a natural rock pillar, a few stalagmites… and in the western part of this cavern foyer, behind a column of rock, are a few bedrolls and a heap of some supplies. Some sacks of flour, and salt, and meat, and lanterns, and oil, and pickaxes, and shovels, and other mining gear. And amid those supplies, you see the body of a dwarf wearing some mining gear.
Clint: Do we know the dwarf?
Griffin: You actually—you actually do. It is, uh… It‘s Tharden. Tharden
Rockseeker. One of the—
Clint: My other cousin.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah. You identify his body and point it out to your
compatriots.
Clint: And maybe—
Travis: And just say, ―Tharden. 
Griffin: ―That‘s Tharden there. 
Clint: And maybe one solitary tear. One tear.
Griffin: ―I know that fool. That there‘s Tharden. 
Clint: Yeah, you guys go ahead and laugh.
Justin: I grab one of the lanterns.
Griffin: Okay. You can grab a lantern if you want. You guys can have your
pick. Tharden‘s certainly not gonna need it, right? He‘s fucking
dead. He died.
Justin: I search Tharden‘s body for valuables.
Griffin: You actually… you find on him a pair of—
Justin: I do it covertly so the other guys don‘t see.
Griffin: Okay. Make a st—make a stealth—
Clint: Hey! That‘s my cousin!
Griffin: Make a sleight of hand check, then.
Justin: This is, uh, this is a tradition… in, um, my, in my uh, culture, it‘s a
blessing that we do for the dead, that we help to—
Clint: I‘d like to roll against this roll.
Justin: Help to usher them into the next… world.
Griffin: Okay, Justin. Justin, make a sleight of hand check, and Dad, make
a perception check.
Justin: Okay. I need to see the d20. You go ahead.
Clint: Go ahead.
Justin: Uh… 12.
Clint: Alright. I only got a nine. No, a 10. Sorry.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, Taako, you notice that his boots are actually… really
great boots. These are—
Travis: They are made for walking.
Griffin: They are actually made for jumping. They are magic Boots of
Striding and Springing. And so you manage to get those off of him without
anybody else noticing.
Justin: That‘s some pretty fucking good sleight of hand, I have
to give it to myself!
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, well they are loafers. So they‘re Loafers of, uh,
Springing.
Clint: Jumpin‘ loafers!
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Now, will that—can I wear those?
Griffin: I‘ll explain what they are, 'cause maybe you‘ll decide to give them
to somebody else. Which might be kind of uncomfortable, if you give them
to Merle, because then you‘ll be like, ―Oh I just found these, definitely not on
your cousin‘s corpse. 
But these are… your speed while wearing these boots becomes 30 feet,
unless your walking speed is higher, and your speed is not reduced if you
are encumbered or wearing heavy armor. In addition, whenever you jump,
you can jump three times the normal distance.
Travis: I would like those, please!
Griffin: I think you already have jumping.
Justin: Are they like—would these create an encumbrance for like, my spell
gesturing?
Griffin: No.
Justin: No? Okay.
Travis: But you‘re not gonna be running into anything, you‘re not gonna be
jumping into battle!
Justin: Okay, I would like to give these to Magnus. When Merle‘s not
looking.
Griffin: M‘kay. Make a sleight of—
Travis: Just like, slip it. Whoooop!
Merle: Hey guys, what‘s—what are ya doin‘?
Griffin: Make another sleight of hand check for me.
Merle: Gosh, what‘s going on over there?
Griffin: We‘ll use Dad‘s original perception check to contest it, but go ahead
and make that sleight of hand check.
Justin: Uh, okay, a 14.
Griffin: Yeah, okay.
Clint: Dang.
Griffin: You slide these boots—Dad, you‘re just like, so tore up.
Clint: Well yeah, he‘s dead!
Griffin: About Tharden.
Travis: So now I can jump three times as far?
Griffin: You have three times the normal jumping distance, yeah.
Travis: Sweet.
Clint: And then I say…
Merle: I wonder what happened to those boots I gave him for Christmas?
Travis: ―Where are his Christmas shoes? 
Merle: Damn. Those other guys must have stolen his magic Christmas
shoes!
Travis: And the magic Christmas shoes increase my speed? 'Cause I‘m
already at 30.
Griffin: No, then it‘s just there.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: If you do ever get heavier armor, that would normally decrease
your speed. It negates that effect.
Travis: Oh, I actually take that back. I think my speed
actually was decreased by my chain mail, and so that brings it back up
to 30. ‘Cause I was at 25.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Great! Cool.
Justin: Hey, while we‘re talking bullshit, I wanted to ask real quick
Griffin. When I leveled up it said I got an extra hit die. What is that?
Griffin: So hit die are what you spend during a short rest to get hit points
back. You started out with just one, and then you roll your hit die. For you, I
think it‘s a d6 and then you add your constitution modifier. And before, you
could only do that once before you needed to take a long rest. Now you have
two of those. Does that make sense?
Justin: Got it, yeah.
Griffin: Cool. Okay, so in the back of this chamber, behind this mining
campsite where Tharden is totally dead in, you see a pit. An open pit in the 
back of the cave. And at the bottom of that pit, in the back wall, is a tunnel
that is leading further into the cave.
Clint: How deep is the pit? Do I need to do a perception thing, or…
Griffin: No, you can just—you can see a pit.
Justin: Just spit in it.
Clint: M‘kay.
Griffin: We‘ll say it‘s about 20 feet. It‘s about 20 feet down. And then at
the bottom of the pit is a tunnel leading into the cave.
Travis: Let‘s go in the pit!
Clint: Let‘s pit it!
Griffin: You‘ll have to uh, to make an athletics check if you wanna try and
climb down, unless you wanna use some sort of special tool to get down
there.
Travis: My athletics is great, let me go first and I‘ll catch you!
Justin: Can I, uh, can I grab one of those pickaxes? To help me?
Griffin: Sure! Why not!
Justin: Great.
Griffin: Now you have a pickaxe.
Justin: I‘m gonna use—I‘m gonna use that to help climb down.
Griffin: Oh! Cool. Like a… almost like a… what is it, what‘s the word, like
a piton?
Justin: Yeah, like a piton!
Griffin: A pye-ton?
Travis: I‘m gonna go ahead and jump down.
Griffin: Okay, cool.
Justin: I just did that thing. You could do that thing I did.
Travis: Well, my athletics is higher. If I can get down there first—
Griffin: Okay, yeah. Yeah, roll an athletics check.
Travis: Oh god! See I didn‘t roll in the box. Gotta roll in the box.
Griffin: Your magic always 20 box.
Travis: Yeah. Hold on.
Griffin: Your magic box of cheating.
Travis: Um… Fair enough. It‘s 13.
Griffin: 13. That‘s insufficient. You don‘t fall, though, you just… you get
about halfway down, and you get really scared. And you‘re just sort
of holding on to the edge of the wall.
Travis: Aw.
Griffin: So you can try again if you wanna try and get down the rest of the
way.
Travis: Nine plus… Six, 15?
Griffin: Okay! Yeah, you manage to get down. You other two?
Clint: Okay, I‘m gonna climb down.
Griffin: Okay! Just using the rock face?
Travis: I‘ll spot you.
Clint: 16.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you make it down. Taako? Are you gonna use your
pickaxe?
Justin: Yeah, I‘m using my pickaxe.
Griffin: I‘ll give you advantage, 'cause I think that‘s a cool idea.
Justin: Thank you. Ooh, I got an 18, and a 16… with my athletics is zero,
so 18.
Griffin: Nah, that‘s more than enough. Yeah, you all three get down and
see this entrance moving into the back. It looks almost like it was carved
into the cave. There‘s actually a lot of like, rubble lying around, almost like
this cavern has been excavated. It‘s almost a perfect square, so you think
that it was probably dug out to get people deeper into the Wave Echo Cave.
So you can start to move down this, but you realize as you move along that
this path is actually branching off and moving, almost like a labyrinth, into
the cave. You guys run into a few dead-ends. You do a little bit of mapmaking, do a little bit of map-making and—
Clint: Oh, god, you need more blood?
Griffin: No, just normal maps.
Clint: Oh, whew!
Griffin: Not freaky dwarf blood maps.
Clint: Oh, good.
Griffin: And you manage to find your way through these caverns. And you
hear this sound behind you as you make your way through, that almost
sounds like…
Clint: Behind us?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: There‘s either a duck coming or someone‘s farting.
Griffin: No, it‘s—sorry, I didn‘t do it good. Hold on, let me do a little bit of,
um, foley work here.
Clint: Oh, it‘s definitely farting.
Travis: I think someone‘s having… like, some Go-Gurt.
Griffin: Oh god, I almost choked on that. Agh!
 You gotta be careful when D&D-ing.
Clint: When you‘re foleying.
Travis: It‘s a dangerous game.
Griffin: So you, uh… you‘re moving through these caverns and you hear
that sound, almost like it is stalking you from behind.
Justin: Can I hear the sound again? Because I was just—
Griffin: Son of a bitch! How was that? Ugh.
Travis: That was good. Wait, if we stop moving, does the sound stop?
Griffin: No, it gets louder.
Travis: Okay, great. Hurry!
Clint: So we move a little bit, and what do we hear?
Griffin: You hear that sound that I‘m not gonna do a third goddamn time!
Clint: Aw, come on. One more, pleeease?
Griffin: Splooch splooch splooch splooch splooch splooch splooch!
Clint: Splooch splooch splooch! 
Travis: We gotta get out of this jack-off cave.
Justin: Why did we even come to a place called Jack-Off Cave?
Travis: What were we thinking?
Justin: I told you guys!
Griffin: So yeah, you guys can try and hoof it through the Jack-Off Cave…
Clint: How ‘bout if—is it possible we just wait, and see what‘s coming?
Pardon my choice of words.
Travis: I say we keep going. And maybe a little bit faster!
Griffin: Hey everyone, this is your dungeon master, Griffin, with a quick
non-canonical The Adventure Zone break. I'm gonna use this time in the
show to catch you guys up on what‘s happening with the show, what‘s new,
because it would be weird if Taako was like… ―By
the way, follow us on Facebook! That‘s my Taako impression.
Thank you all so, so, so much for your support in the launch of The
Adventure Zone. We managed to climb up the iTunes numbers and have
gotten a lot of really great reviews that have really helped us out since our
launch a couple weeks ago, so we really do appreciate that a whole lot. You
guys have been so kind and so supportive.
Um, if you haven‘t done that yet, if you haven‘t left us an iTunes review, it
really is super helpful for making sure that we are promoted on the podcast
section of iTunes, which is like, so important when a show launches. Or if
you can just tweet about the show, or tell a friend, uh, we‘ve got the hash
tag that we cooked up, #TAZCast. Hopefully we‘ll find something a little bit
more holistic than that someday.
You can also follow us on Twitter @TheZoneCast, and keep up with all of the
updates as we go. We‘re gonna launch another website on which we can
post stuff like fan art and updated character sheets as the guys level up and
change, for people who are interested in that stuff. If not, that‘s cool, you
can just listen to the show and the goofs.
Uh, if this is your first Maximum Fun podcast that you're listening to,
welcome to the fold. There are a lot of other really great podcasts that you
should take a moment to listen to. If you haven‘t listened to our other
podcast, My Brother, My Brother, and Me, that might be in your wheelhouse.
But there‘s a ton of other shows, too. Throwing Shade, Jordan, Jesse, GO!,
Judge John Hodgman… seriously, like, over a dozen shows, all free, all really
great. So make sure that you go give those a listen.
Uh, we‘re gonna try to include you guys in a few fun ways in the show in the
future. So if you tweet about the show with the hash tag #TAZCast, we‘re
actually gonna name a few NPCs after people who do that, so that might be
fun. I also have this idea for like, building an in-game shop with
merchandise that you guys create. I'm still formulating. Still percolating
that.
If you can't tell, I'm really, really excited about this show, and I have a ton
of ideas for the campaign and stuff that we can all do together. We can
make you guys part of the adventure. So I'm really excited about that
opportunity.
Anyway, let‘s get back to the show. Thanks again for listening, and for
sharing the show, and uh, enjoy the rest of this jizz tunnel adventure. So the three of you have emerged from the Jerk-Off Cave, and you are very happy to be out of that particular place.
Clint: Well, yeah!
Griffin: And you find yourself on this large stone ledge, sort of a stone
outcropping, that is just sort of a natural part of the cave. Overlooking
about—quite a ways down, about 10 stories down actually, a giant
spring filled with… well, spring water, that is enormous—
Travis: Is this like a diving board?
Griffin: It‘s shimmering. It‘s not a diving board, no. It‘s more of like a
ledge. You‘re just standing on it. It‘s floor. Above the spring is a giant
stalactite that is actually glowing much, much brighter than the walls of the
cave, which, remember, are sort of… have a natural shimmer.
Justin: So wait, are we still in the cave?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Justin: You said we left the cave!
Travis: We just left the Jerk-Off portion.
Griffin: You left the Jerk-Off… Tunnel. Let‘s—you know what, you‘re right
Justin. That‘s my fault as a DM, I should watch my parlance. It was a JerkOff tunnel. So we‘re out of Jerk-Off Tunnel.
Griffin: You‘re out of Jerk-Off Canyon. Listen, a cave can be made up of all
kinds of sorts of different things! Springs…
Travis: Some of them having nothing to do with jerking off!
Griffin: Yeah!
Justin: You‘ve never seen me in a cave!
Griffin: That‘s probably true. He‘s just… his… hold on, is this funny? Spe-spunker? Like a
spelunker, but like…
Justin: No, I don‘t think that‘s actually funny at all.
Magnus: Hey—hey Taako? Hey Merle?
Merle: Yeah?
Magnus: Should I jump in this spring?
Griffin: Well, it‘s 10 stories down, so you‘d almost certainly die.
Travis: I recognize that. Should I jump in there?
Justin: Nah, don‘t do it.
Clint: Nah, not yet.
Justin: Don‘t do it.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: So you actually realize that, periodically, every few minutes or so, a
single drop of water sort of forms on the stalactite, as stalactite drops of
water are wont to do, and falls into this spring. And when it does, it actually
causes this disproportionately enormous wave from the outside. Sort of just
like a ripple that moves very, very quickly and just sort of pushes up against
the walls of the cave and comes flying up with like, absolutely tremendous
force.
Some of that water actually manages to get up onto the outcropping that
you‘re standing on, which you actually now realize is blanketed in this carpet
of fungus. But it‘s not like any fungus you‘ve ever seen before. It‘s these 
shimmering, beautiful, multicolored mushrooms that you are sort of standing
and looking at from the exit of Jerk-Off Tunnel. And they‘re absolutely
beautiful. They‘re beautiful mushrooms. And on the other side of the ledge is
a wooden elevator. Sort of a lift, leading down to a path, sort of circling
the… circling the spring.
Travis: Do any of you have a nature skill? Could you check out those
mushrooms, see if you know anything about them?
Clint: Hmm…
Justin: Hmm… Uh, yes, I‘m plus three for nature!
Griffin: Okay. You can make a nature check if you want.
Taako: I‘d like to make a nature check.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: No, wait a minute, that was Justin saying that. I‘d like to make a
nature check.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Oh no, he‘s becoming one!
Griffin: You‘ve never seen—oh, go ahead. 22, that was really, really good.
You‘ve never seen these mushrooms before, you don‘t really—
Justin: Sorry, 22.
Griffin: You—yeah. You‘ve never—
Justin: They should be fucking named after me.
Griffin: You‘ve never seen—
Taako: Oh, these, these are the Taako mushrooms!
Travis: You get a book published about these mushrooms.
Taako: Taakoshroomgobus.
Clint: Taako-stools!
Taako: Taakostools! Everybody—
Clint: Taako stools, that sounds nasty.
Griffin: Oh, man. I actually got a Crunchwrap Supreme at Taco
Bell the other day that gave me the taco stools. It was really bad.
So you don‘t—you‘ve never seen these mushrooms before, you‘re not sure
what they are. But you did notice, actually, that as you exited the tunnel,
and are sort of standing over this carpet of mushrooms, that they actually
seem to react to your presence, somehow. They sort of swelled up a little bit
as soon as you entered the room.
And as soon as you sort of started talking, some of them started shuddering,
a little bit, some of them started rattling a little bit. So you don‘t know what
they are, but you did notice that they had some sort of like, sort of natural,
biological response to just the three of you being there.
Magnus: Hail and well-met, mushrooms!
Griffin: As you say that, Travis, to the mushrooms, a group of them right
below you shoot a cloud of spores straight upwards in your direction. So I
need you to make a constitution saving throw.
Travis: No, that‘s just their way of saying hello! Uh, an ele—constitution, you say?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: 13.
Griffin: M‘kay. You sort of… you sniffle. You get the sniffles but you‘re fine.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: Bless you.
Magnus: Shhh, everyone be quiet!
Griffin: Actually, as you said that, like, a little bit, a little cloud of spores
just kinda shot up to your ankles but then came right back down.
Justin: Okay, uh, what—
Magnus: Guys, I think there‘s something with the mushrooms!
Griffin: You did it again and they just sort of—
Taako: Stop!
Griffin: They get a little bit—
Clint: Okay, listen, I‘m gonna point at the elevator.
Griffin: What are you guys‘ nat—I should—I need your character sheets, so
I can just know this stuff off-hand and not ruin the mystery, but what are
your guys‘ passive perception skills?
Travis: Uhh… passive is, uhh…
Clint: Mine‘s three.
Griffin: No, your passive perception would be… I think it‘s 10. 10 plus your
perception modifier.
Clint: Then mine‘s 13.
Justin: 13.
Griffin: Travis?
Travis: Mine is nine.
Griffin: Nine? Okay. I want Merle and Taako to go ahead and make
perception checks for me.
Travis: I‘ll just sit over here and whistle.
Justin: Uh, 17 for me.
Clint: Uh, 12 for me.
Griffin: Okay, Justin, you actually notice—
Taako: Sorry, I don‘t know a Justin! Sorry, what‘s—
Travis: He‘s losing his sense of self!
Griffin: Let‘s part the kimono a little bit. It‘s been actually like a month or so since the last time we played.
Taako! You notice, hanging from the ceiling… actually, I should say it was on
the ceiling, now it is falling. A giant black blob mass that is now plummeting
right on top of where Magnus is standing. And it is in the process of falling,
looking like it‘s attacking him, and it makes a sound like…
Travis: Oh, it‘s Goosher! He was my favorite folk hero growing up.
Clint: I would… well…
Justin: Well, it‘s coming at Magnus.
Travis: You didn‘t see shit, Merle!
Justin: I‘m the one who sees it.
Clint: Oh, that‘s right, you saw it.
Travis: Can I see the look of panic on his face and dodge out of the way?
Griffin: Does he make a panicked… it‘s all up to Taako. We‘re roleplaying
now.
Justin: How close am I to Magnus?
Griffin: I don‘t know, I mean, you guys just exited this tunnel. You‘re
probably relatively close. You‘re probably just checking out the sights as you
are on this ledge.
Clint: Well, while he makes up his mind, may I make one comment?
Griffin: Yeah.
Merle: Magnus, are those new boots?
Magnus: They are new boots! Thank you. I crafted them while you were
napping.
Merle: Those look really good!
Griffin: Both of you guys make constitution saving throws for me.
Justin: Oh, you dullards! That‘s to Dad and Travis.
Travis: 17.
Clint: 22. No, 21, 21.
Griffin: You‘re still fine.
Clint: Whew!
Griffin: I‘m gonna need you to make up your mind, or else I‘m gonna—
Justin: I cast—I cast ray of frost on the blob.
Griffin: You‘re gonna try and hit it while it‘s falling from the ceiling?
Justin: It‘s a cantrip, I‘m gonna hit it. Ray of frost to the blob.
Griffin: Alright, I like this. Alright—
Travis: And I‘m gonna say that as soon as he raises his hands and I see a
ray of frost coming at me, I‘m going to di—I‘m going to dive down.
Griffin: I don‘t think… I mean you‘re not gonna know exactly what‘s going 
on. You just see Taako sort of spin on his heels and volley a ray of frost at
this falling object.
Travis: That‘s why I‘m saying I‘m gonna move. I don‘t want to get hit by a
ray of frost!
Justin: You don‘t see this happening!
Griffin: No, nobody does. Except for Taako. Taako, this is gonna be—I‘m
gonna—this is gonna be a hard shot. I‘m actually gonna give you
disadvantage on this attack, because this thing is falling at terminal velocity.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: So that means you roll twice on the attack, and you use the—
Clint: Take the lowest.
Griffin: You use the worst, yeah.
Justin: Okay, I got a 18.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Justin: What do I add to this, Griffin? Add to my roll?
Griffin: Your—I think it‘s plus five. It‘s your spellcasting modifier plus your
proficiency bonus.
Clint: So, 23?
Justin: It‘s a 23, and… 10.
Griffin: 10.
Travis: Aw, dip.
Griffin: Wait, remind me how ray of frost works, is it just an attack on their
AC?
Justin: It is a… ―On a hit it does 1d8 cold damage, and its speed is reduced
by 10 feet until the start of your next turn. 
Griffin: Okay! So you manage to get a hit off. Why don‘t you go ahead and
roll damage on it?
Justin: Nice.
Griffin: We‘ll count this as a surprise round I guess.
Justin: Three.
Griffin: Just three damage?
Justin: Yep.
Griffin: That‘s not very much damage… So you hit it.
Justin: Nice!
Griffin: It doesn‘t freeze it, but it does sort of push it back a little bit, and it
lands with a very, very loud splooch directly behind Magnus. Who now, I
assume, is aware of its presence.
Travis: Now, wouldn‘t the amount of noise it makes… alert the mushrooms?
Griffin: It actually didn‘t! That‘s weird that you noticed that. Very
perceptive of you, though. Are you sure that you only have a nine passive
perception? 'Cause it seems like you have—
Travis: Well, I perceive it, but I don‘t get it.
Griffin: Seems like you‘ve got your wits about you.
Clint: How big is the splooge wet spot?
Griffin: That‘s the worst sentence I‘ve ever heard you say out loud.
Clint: Hey, it‘s your terminology, pal!
Griffin: It‘s not… it‘s about the size of you, actually. It‘s about dwarf height. It‘s a big production. And now that the shit done popped off, as we
DMs like to say, let‘s all roll initiative! You guys remember how to do that?
Travis: Well, hold on! Maybe he‘s not gonna attack us, maybe he just
wants to be our gooshy buddy.
Griffin: No, he‘s definitely not gonna be your gooshy buddy.
Travis: Okay…
Griffin: You guys will have to be each other‘s gooshy buddies.
Travis: I got 19.
Clint: Eugh.
Justin: Five for me.
Clint: Ohh. I got, uh, four.
Travis: You guys need to get some initiative.
Griffin: Alright! First in the order is everyone‘s favorite fighter, Magnus
Burnsides.
Travis: Is that me?
Clint: Go for it.
Griffin: Yup.
Travis: First…
Griffin: You are standing right next to this thing. I would say, Merle and
Taako, you guys are about 10 feet away.
Clint: Okay, so this is like sentient, right? This is—this is not just like—
Griffin: This is a sentient—
Clint: Okay. Alright.
Griffin: —um, ochre jelly is what it is. It‘s not a gelatinous blob, or a
gelatinous cube. You would know that it‘s a gelatinous cube.
Travis: I‘d be dead.
Griffin: They‘re cube-shaped, also.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: This isn‘t a cube, it‘s just sort of a mound. A round pound of sound.
Travis: Um, I‘m… I am going to, uhh, attack him!
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: With—with my battleaxe, two handed.
Griffin: Sweet ass.
Travis: Thanks! I got… a nine.
Griffin: That‘s actually enough to hit its armor class.
Travis: Sweet! And then I do 1d8… Seven plus four… so I did, uh… oh!
‘Scuse me, pardon… no, we‘ll go with that. 11.
Griffin: 11. Bad news. Some people might actually call it terrible news. He
has a strength against slashing damage. So that‘s the first. There‘s two
discrete pieces of bad news. That was the first. So, he‘s actually only gonna
take half damage from that. That‘s a good clean hit, though! Also, whenever
the ochre jelly takes slashing damage, it splits into two new jellies—
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: —if it has at least 10 hit points. So now you have two jellies!
Travis: Now, Griffin, why didn‘t you tell me that before I did it?
Griffin: You should‘a known better.
Travis: You could‘ve helped a brother out and just told me, like, ―Hey, don‘t
slash this guy! 
Griffin: If you were making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and you
drop some jelly on the counter, are you gonna take a knife and just start
cutting at it? You dumb son of a bitch?
Travis: It‘s all I‘ve got! What am I gonna do, shoot him with an arrow?
Griffin: It‘s—that‘s piercing damage! That would have been preferable,
certainly!
Travis: Oh, okay.
Griffin: Well, you got double jellies now.
Travis: Then I‘m gonna now move out of the way.
Justin: You‘re not gonna do anything! You‘re done.
Travis: No, I can attack and now I‘m gonna retreat back to you guys. And
get away from it.
Griffin: M‘kay. Are you gonna stand in front of them, like a brave fighter, or
are you gonna…
Travis: More to the side, like, showing that we‘re all in this together.
Griffin: M‘kay. Great. It‘s now the double jellies‘ turn. One of the jellies just
sort of waddles over to…
Justin: Please keep in mind that its—its speed is reduced. By 10 feet.
Griffin: Oh shit, that‘s a good point, Justin! I‘ll say that one of their speed
is reduced by 10 feet.
Justin: I think that‘s BS, but okay.
Griffin: Okay, no, you‘re right. Both of them have a speed of 10 feet, which
you have just reduced to zero feet.
Clint: Oof!
Griffin: So one of them just sort of sits there and shudders about. The
other one sort of melts around some of the fungus on the floor and sort of
absorbs it up into its mass. So now it‘s got some fungus sort of floating
around in there. But neither of them are capable of hitting from that far
away. So… you guys are safe. Good play, Justin. Good Dungeons & Dragonsing.
Justin: Thank you.
Griffin: Next in the order, who rolled a five? Was that you, Taako?
Justin: That was me.
Travis: You‘re a great wizard.
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re super good at wizards!
Justin: Thanks. I‘m gonna do magic missile since we got two cats here.
Travis: We have cats now?
Justin: No, I mean, they‘re things. I‘m gonna use two darts on the one on
the left, and one dart on the one on the right, from my perspective.
Griffin: M‘kay. And how does that work again?
Justin: I create three glowing darts of magical force, each dart hits a
creature of your choice within range that you can see. A dart deals 1d4 plus
1 force damage to the target.
Griffin: Okay. Do you just wanna roll one—one damage dice for all three?
Justin: Well, let‘s see how that goes.
Travis: Yeah, if it‘s a good roll…
Justin: If it‘s a good roll…
Griffin: Well, that‘s not how we—listen, that‘s a shitty house rule. That‘s
a—
Justin: Good news, it‘s four! So yes, one roll for all three will be just fine.
 Okay. Remind me how you distributed them again?
Justin: Basically, that‘ll be 10 force damage to the one on the left,
and five force damage to the one on the right.
Griffin: Okay. And the one on the right is the one that had the mushrooms
up in its… girth.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: M‘kay. Cool! Next in the order is… Merle.
Travis: Don‘t slash them!
Clint: I‘m gonna cast sacred flame. I‘m gonna cast sacred flame on the one
on the right with all the fungi.
Griffin: Sacred flame means they make a dodge, right?
Clint: ―The target must succeed on a dexterity saving throw. Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah. Against your spellcasting modifier, which is plus—it‘s
just 13. So they have to beat a 13. Guys, you won‘t believe this… dexterity?
Not these goddamn jellies‘ strong point.
Griffin: And you‘re doing this on the one on the right, right?
Clint: Yeah. The one with the fungus.
Griffin: Oh, goddamn, that‘s a 19 though! That is gonna do it. That jelly
just made the save of its lifetime. So you don‘t do it. You do burn away a bit of the carpet of fungi
around that one on the right, so he‘s not gonna be eating any more
'shrooms until he starts moving around.
Clint: Well good. I hope I‘ve made their friendship.
Griffin: Back to the top of the order! That‘s you, Magnus.
Travis: Hey guys… I don‘t think we‘re ready for this jelly.
Griffin: Travis, I need you to make a constitution saving thr—
Travis: No, that was to—that was to Justin and Dad. That wasn‘t as
Magnus.
Griffin: Are you… I don‘t think so!
Travis: Magnus doesn‘t make bad jokes like that, Griffin, he‘s got selfrespect!
Griffin: You kinda had like a tone in your voice, that made it sound like
that‘s—
Travis: You know it‘s Magnus 'cause it‘s much more like… Harf
harf harf harf harf!
Griffin: You‘re never done that! You‘ve never done that voice! 
Travis: I think we all know that that‘s how Magnus sounds. Look in your
heart. 
Griffin: We are reaching—
Clint: Maybe it‘s 'cause you were so distracted.
Griffin: We are reaching the Tom Hanks event horizon, where Travis
just is Magnus, and I—I guess he like—
Travis: We are all Magnus.
Griffin: —kills himself in a cave somewhere? Okay. Uh. Okay. So go ahead
and play Dungeons & Dragons.
Travis: Okay. I am going to shoot my shortbow, then.
Griffin: ‘Kay. At which one?
Travis: At the one with the fungus in him.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: Okay… And I got… oh, critical miss.
Griffin: Bwamp bwamp bwaaamp.
Travis: I did bad.
Griffin: Yeah, you did a very bad job.
Travis: I‘m bad at games.
Griffin: You actually… yeah, you miss really bad. It goes flying off the ledge
into the water.
Magnus: My favorite arrow!
Griffin: Yep. Yep. You got that arrow signed, by… by fantasy Burt 
Bacharach. He‘s your favorite. Next in the order is the jellies, who are now
going to move and do stuff. One of them waddles up to Merle—
Clint: Are you sure it‘s not Taako‘s turn?
Griffin: Yeah, I‘m a 100% sure.
Clint: Okay. Alright, sorry.
Griffin: One of them waddles up to Merle and sort of—uh, starts to stand on its legs—
Justin: Wholly unpleasant.
Griffin: —stand on its gelatinous legs and sort of form a pod. A big meaty,
jelly fist.
Justin: Griffin, how much do these things look like the creature
from Flubber?
Griffin: Oh, I‘m sorry, that‘s actually the original name. The book says to
call them Flubber but I wanted to avoid any sort of—
Justin: Copyright? Right.
Griffin: Any sort of trademark disputes. So it forms a sort of gelatinous fist
with some of its mass and sort of tries to smash into Merle.
Travis: I‘m gonna use my protection thing.
Griffin: Okay. So that forces disadvantage?
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: That‘s good, because I rolled an 18, which would have been… 22.
Instead, it is a… 17 plus four, which is 21, which I assume is gonna hit.
Magnus: You‘re welcome, Merle. Glad I could help.
Griffin: Merle, you take… goddamn it, I rolled two ones! You
take four bludgeoning damage, plus three acid damage. That‘s—
Clint: Seven.
Justin: Seven.
Griffin: Wow. Yeah, forgot to maybe scale these guys down a little bit.
These are them level five monsters I was talking about earlier.
Travis: Now, Merle took seven?
Griffin: Uh, yeah.
Clint: I took seven?
Griffin: Yeah!
Clint: Ow!
Justin: I was wondering why you didn‘t look more concerned about that.
Clint: I guess because I thought it was you! 
Justin: No, I‘m the one that‘s named after Mexican foodstuffs.
Clint: Bad daddy… and I‘m named after Merle Haggard, of course.
Justin: Perfect.
Griffin: The right jelly will make a path for a wall that it‘s relatively close 
to, sort of gobbling up 'shrooms as it goes, and starts to actually climb up
the wall of the cave, heading back up towards the ceiling.
Travis: Coward!
Griffin: And that‘s what he‘s going to do with his turn. Next up is Taako.
Justin: So, how are these—how are these—how are they looking right now,
if I look at the two of them…
Griffin: You got one—
Justin: In terms of condition.
Griffin: You‘ve got one right up against you guys that had just smashed
Merle. It looks pretty puny, looks pretty weak. As you guys are sort of
blasting them with magic and the attacks that have landed on them, you‘re
just sort of splattering parts of them away. The one that just attacked Merle
is pretty puny.
The one that‘s scaling the wall is actually pretty big, still. Still pretty huge.
It‘s got a bunch of those mushrooms floating around. There‘s
something, actually, now that he‘s up against this glowing wall, you can sort
of see through him a little bit, and there‘s actually a larger figure sort of in
the healthier-looking, beefier one that‘s climbing the wall. So if you were
to con them, you‘d say that the one that just attacked Merle is probably a
little closer to the ropes.
Justin: Alright. I‘m gonna hit him with a ray of frost.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: 19.
Griffin: Oh, yeah.
Justin: Seven.
Griffin: Uhh, you hit him for seven damage?
Justin: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: That was a good attack!
Magnus: Hey, you did a good job, Taako.
Justin: Thank—
Taako: Thank you, I‘m all magicked out! I‘ll take my constitution check
now.
Griffin: He is—oh yeah! Yeah, sorry, go ahead. Roll a die.
Taako: It‘s a 15.
Griffin: Okay, you‘re fine. Wow, these are good constitution saving throws
you guys are doing!
Travis: We‘re very constituted.
Griffin: I guess that‘s true! The jelly is frozen completely solid.
Travis: Are they strong or weak against stomping damage?
Griffin: There‘s only one way to find out! After Taako is Merle.
Justin: Okay, Merle left to take a call. I‘ve been covering for Merle.
Griffin: Oh, come on! You‘re ruined the—you‘ve ruined the fohn-tasy.
Travis: There‘s no cellphones in Dungeons & Dragons.
Griffin: Uhh, so everyone‘s back? Everyone ready?
Clint: We are all back.
Griffin: I hear somebody‘s Pepsi Max bubbling up. I hear the—
Justin: It‘s a Surge!
Clint: It‘s a Surge, actually.
Griffin: Are you k—are you kidding me—
Clint: And it‘s the color of windshield wiper fluid!
Griffin: Well yeah, it‘s—
Justin: It‘s the most Dungeons & Dragons thing I could think to drink.
Griffin: Yeah, good job.
Travis: ―And Justin didn‘t sleep for six days. 
Griffin: You really split the uprights. Justin, I‘m actually gonna give you a
point of inspiration for drinking Surge while we play Dungeons & Dragons. Go ahead and write that down on your character sheet.
Justin: I don‘t know what that‘s for…
Griffin: You can use that whenever you want to gain advantage on a roll.
Okay. Taa—uh, Merle, sorry, it‘s your turn. You got one frozen goo ball right
in front of you, and you got one climbing up the walls.
Clint: Okay, and I‘m—wasn‘t paying attention. You talked about the
condition of the two of ‘em?
Griffin: One is frozen solid right in front of you, and the other one—
Clint: The other one‘s up the wall.
Griffin: —is climbing up the wall.
Clint: Alright. Then I‘m gonna cast… sacred flame on the one climbing up
the wall.
Griffin: Okay! So it makes a check, a dexterity check against 13. That‘s
a nine, plus… sorry, minus two! That‘s a seven. So yeah, that‘s a hit.
Clint: Seven…
Griffin: Good hit.
Justin: A palpable hit.
Griffin: Yeah. Okay, he takes the hit, sort of loses some of his goo, just
sort of streaks down the wall. Just a bunch of streaky goo.
Justin: Streaks on the China.
Griffin: We can‘t do a crossover Mr. Belvedere jerk-off reference. Okay, top
of the order. Magnus.
Travis: I wanna kick the frozen one.
Griffin: Okay!
Travis: I‘m gonna try and—I want to kick him over the edge of the ledge.
Griffin: Okay! Go ahead and make a… kick check, I guess.
Travis: Would that be a strength check?
Griffin: That would be an unarmed strike. So, uh…
Clint: And we call that a Pelé, Griffin.
Griffin: Are you proficient in unarmed, do you know?
Travis: Um, I have a plus six in unarmed.
Griffin: No, you don‘t.
Travis: I do!
Griffin: Is this pre-nerf? Is this before I patched you?
Travis: Let me see… hold on…
Griffin: No, it‘s fine. Plus six. Cool, do it.
Travis: Um, so I got an 11.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, that does it. 'Cause the thing… is dead, but you… you
did a—
Justin: He really showed him!
Griffin: You really, really drove the point home that you guys are
nothing to fuck with.
Travis: Well you never said he was dead, you just said he was frozed!
Justin: So what happens to the blob?
Griffin: It‘s gone, it‘s just—it‘s turned into snow. It turned into beautiful
snow, and the snow is swirling all around you.
Merle: Let it go, let it goooo!
Griffin: Dad, I need you to make a constitution saving throw for me.
 Ah… aw, great. Uhh… five. A five.
Travis: That‘s what you get.
Griffin: That‘s not gonna do it. Uh, you are going to take 1d4 poison
damage!
Clint: Great.
Justin: It was worth it.
Griffin: A two.
Clint: Alright.
Justin: When I look at the snow, I say…
Taako: That‘s how we do!
Griffin: And then you make a—
Justin: I‘ll take my constitution saving throw now. That‘s a 22. 21, sorry, 21.
Travis: And I yell…
Magnus: Guys, stop talking!
Griffin: Travis, make a constitution saving throw.
Travis: Uh, I got a six.
Griffin: A six. Yeah, you‘re gonna take 1d4 poison damage.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: That‘s a one.
Justin: I shriek in terror, seeing him poisoned!
Griffin: You take a constitution saving throw!
Justin: Uhh, 15!
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re fine. Uh, the jelly is gonna take its—
Magnus: We have to keep it down, the fungus is reacting to the sound of
our voice!
Travis: Uh, that is a seven!
Griffin: Okay! That‘s a three, that‘s three poison damage, on top of the one
that you took. Okay. So if everybody‘s done with these monkeyshines… 
Clint: Ow.
Griffin: You weren‘t supposed to die in this room!
Clint: We‘re not real good at this.
Griffin: Actually, while you guys were doing all that, you lost sight of
the jelly scaling the wall.
Justin: Cool, cool.
Griffin: And instead, you just sort of hear the sound of gooshing above
you.
Travis: Well, another successful battle.
Griffin: Actually, you‘re still in order! Next in the order is Taako.
Justin: Uh… can I make a perception check?
Griffin: Yeah, sure, if you want.
Justin: See if I see it. Well I got a five anyway, so let‘s not even…
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Mess around. Um… I cast, uh…
Griffin: You can make an attack on a creature you can‘t see, it‘s
just very hard. Or you can try and illuminate it somehow.
Justin: Yeah, I‘m not gonna do that. I am going to do prestidigitation, and
just… shoot some sparks up in the air.
Griffin: Hell yeah.
Justin: To try to catch a glimpse of it.
Griffin: Shoot some Bubba Sparxxx? Okay. You don‘t need to do a roll for
sparks.
Justin: No, I‘m actually just shooting—I‘m gonna shake up a can of sparks,
and I‘m gonna spray it in the air to see if it hits the slime guy.
Griffin: Do you wanna do that, or do you wanna do the fireworks thing?
Justin: I‘ll do the fireworks thing.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, yeah, Taako launches a volley—
Justin: They‘re silent fireworks!
Griffin: —of silent fireworks—
Travis: But deadly.
Griffin: —into the sky, and they burst, and then sort of just, like, freezeframe up there. It‘s really cool. And because of that, you can actually see
the mass of it sort of directly above Taako.
Travis: Cool, cool.
Clint: Merle says…
Merle: Ooh, pretty!
Justin: No, he doesn‘t.
Griffin: And you take a constitution saving throw.
Clint: Oh. Right.
Justin: You can‘t die in here!
Clint: 18.
Griffin: Okay. Uhh… cool.
Justin: No, 20! ‘Cause you rolled an 18 plus two.
Clint: Oh, 20.
Griffin: Next in the order is you, Merle. This thing is about—it‘s on the
ceiling about 20 feet up.
Clint: And now I can see it.
Travis: Is it like one of those sticky toys that you throw up and we can see
it starting to like peel off?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Clint: I gotta—I have to try sacred flame one more time.
Justin: Are you gonna burn all your spell slots, though?
Griffin: Sacred flame is a cantrip, I think.
Justin: Is it a cantrip, Dad, or is it a spell slot?
Clint: Yeah, it‘s a cantrip.
Justin: Oh, okay! Well yeah, go for it. What‘s the—wait, what‘s the range
on that, though? 20 feet?
Clint: 60 feet.
Justin: Oh, go—flame away!
Travis: Why don‘t you flame the bad guys in the other cave?
 Yeah, why don‘t you just flame your way thr—out of this
adventure? Go ahead and flame the final boss!
Travis: Just hit Klarg!
Clint: I just thought maybe making it competitive was a good idea!
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Blast him!
Clint: Um—
Griffin: I‘m making a check.
Clint: I hit him with sacred flame.
Griffin: Cool. I rolled a four. So that‘s just… I‘m not even gonna bother. So
I subtract two from that. So, bad.
Clint: Okay. So am I rolling damage?
Griffin: Uh-huh.
Travis: Yep.
Clint: Seven, plus…
Griffin: Nothing.
Clint: No, it‘s seven.
Griffin: Yup. Okay. You do that, you blow a lot of his gunk off. And it sort
of rains down actually on you and Taako. Why don‘t you guys actually make
reflex checks to see if you can sort of dodge this rain shower of ochre jelly
jizz‘m that you‘ve just showered all over the two of you?
Clint: Oh please, tell me—
Justin: Now, Griff, I don‘t see a reflex on here…
Griffin: Oh, sorry, it would just be a dexterity saving throw.
Clint: You better do it, 'cause I‘m minus one on dexterity.
Griffin: Well you‘re both gonna do it.
Travis: He can‘t reflex for you, Dad. That‘s not how reactions work.
Clint: That‘s a good point. Uhh, 16.
Justin: 22.
Griffin: Yeah, cool! You‘re both safe. You— it‘s like the Matrix. You just sort
of dodge the jizz‘m. It‘s like that one scene in the Matrix where they all
dodge the jizz‘m.
Clint: That was Matrixxx. That was Matrix with three X‘s.
Justin: Is there anything I can kick?
Griffin: No, but it is your turn.
Clint: You with the kicking!
Travis: Got these new boots!
Griffin: The ochre jelly on the ceiling looks like it‘s just sort of… just sort of
a few fluid ounces.
Clint: Merle uses hand signals to tell Magnus he should shoot it.
Travis: Wait, hold on. You had mentioned earlier there was a figure in the
jelly.
Griffin: I mean, it‘s not a few fluid ounces, it‘s still—
Travis: Is there still—
Griffin: I was being hyperbolic.
Travis: Does it look kinda—is it like a Krang situation?
Griffin: Oh, where there‘s like a brain inside?
Travis: Well, is there like, a smaller person inside of it? Is it a thing—
Griffin: At this point, there‘s so little jelly remaining, you can actually make
out the shape of a… humanoid figure inside of it.
Travis: Cool, cool. Um…
Griffin: It doesn‘t look like it‘s operating it from the inside-out, though.
Krang-like.
Travis: I see.
Justin: Ooh.
Travis: Oh, maybe it‘s being digested. I‘m—all I‘m gonna do, is I‘m gonna
move… well, not all I‘m gonna do, but I am going to stand underneath it
with my shield raised—
Griffin: Hell yeah.
Travis: —and get ready to catch it as it falls.
Griffin: Dig it. Cool. Well that‘s, on his turn, that‘s actually exactly what
he‘s gonna do. He‘s gonna come down hard, though, so let‘s do a strength
contest to see if you can withstand the blow. Of the jelly. I‘m just gonna—
Travis: Am I just rolling?
Griffin: Yeah, you‘ll do a check and and you‘ll add your strength modifier to
it, and that‘s what I‘ll do too, and the winner… The winner takes it
all! I rolled a 13 plus two, 15.
Travis: I rolled a 21.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you take the full weight of the jelly and just sort
of easily cast it aside a few feet away from where you‘re standing. Ah, and
that… is it for the jelly turn!
Justin: Is it Taako?
Griffin: Yep. Taako time!
Justin: Ray of frost. Here it comes.
Travis: Pew!
Justin: Count it. That‘s a…
Travis: Was it like, a high number?
Justin: I missed.
Griffin: What‘d you get? His armor class is a joke.
Justin: It‘s a one.
Griffin: Oh. Well that‘s a miss no matter what.
Justin: Well, one plus five, six.
Griffin: Nope, it doesn‘t—you can‘t add anything to a one.
Travis: You shoot out crushed ice.
Justin: Wait, why—
Travis: And the jelly enjoys a cold beverage.
Griffin: Sorry—
Justin: Why can‘t I add anything to a one?
Griffin: A one is a critical miss. No matter what, it misses. There‘s no—
there‘s no fixing it. Yeah. So a little bit of… two ice cubes come out.
Travis: You ran out of coolant.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Taako shouts…
Taako: Fuck!
Griffin: And you make a constitution saving throw.
Justin: Uh, 12.
Griffin: Okay, that‘s fine. Next in the order is… Merle.
Travis: You should kick it!
Clint: Okay. I‘ve already established that it‘s—what‘s the—okay, so there‘s
a difference between—when you—what did you hit it with originally, Trav,
that split it in two?
Travis: That was my axe. Slashing damage.
Clint: So that‘s slashing. We haven‘t tried bludgeoning it, have we?
Griffin: No.
Clint: I‘m gonna hit it with my warhammer.
Travis: We also haven‘t tried hugging it. I‘m just saying guys, maybe
there‘s a peaceful option.
Clint: I will very flirtatiously hit it with my warhammer.
Travis: Thank you.
Griffin: Okay. The jelly—
Travis: With kind of like a wink and a hip wiggle?
Griffin: You actually—you hear the jelly go, ―Mmm! That must be jam, 'cause jelly don‘t shake like that! 22!
Griffin: Oh yeah. And then you roll 1d8 plus two.
Clint: 10!
Griffin: Whoa, you rolled max damage?
Clint: I did.
Griffin: Damn. The jelly just sort of splatters. And you actually send the
fungus that it had ingested, which, by the way, was healing it the entire time
you were fighting it. And you send a dwarven figure just flying. Out of the jelly. It rolls for about 10 or 15 feet and stops just shy of
going flying off the ledge. And you guys are out of combat. Congratulations,
you‘ve solved my jelly puzzle!
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: You have solved my puzzle of jam.
Travis: Wait, was the solution ―kill it ?
Justin: He didn‘t say it was a hard puzzle.
Magnus: It was a very sticky situation!
Travis: I‘ll make a constitution check. That was Magnus saying that.
Griffin: Oh, okay! I would‘ve taken just you saying that, but that‘s fine.
Travis: 13.
Griffin: 13, you‘re fine.
Travis: Sometimes Magnus makes puns, sometimes Travis makes puns. It
depends on who‘s got the wheel at the second.
Griffin: There‘s actually a pretty big patch where the jelly has—the
jellies, I should say, consumed a lot of the fungus. So you can safely stand
there and talk at—with your outside voices if you want. If you feel like it.
Clint: Is it possible to gather up… the fungus for future use?
Griffin: If you wanna try and pick some of the fungus, I‘ll—
Travis: No, it‘s the poison! Hold on.
Magnus: Merle—
Griffin: I‘ll let you do it with a nature check if you want.
Clint: What‘s an age check?
Griffin: Nature.
Justin: Nature check.
Clint: Nature check. I‘m terrible at nature.
Griffin: Okay. Um—
Justin: I‘ll try it! 18!
Griffin: 18! Yeah, you grab some mushrooms. They‘re not glowing anymore
when you pick them up, and then you sort of ponder the nature of, like, life.
You sort of ponder like the circle of life, and nature, and what—it‘s sort of 
like this perfect reflection of what we humans are doing to our ecosystem.
It‘s really tragic, you guys.
Justin: Does it have any healing properties? That‘s all I need to know
about.
Griffin: Uh, I‘ve got some Netflix documentaries I want you guys to watch… Does it have healing properties? I mean, goddamn, there‘s one way
to find out, isn‘t there?
Travis: Or psychedelic properties.
Justin: I hand the mushroom to—over to Merle, and I say…
Taako: Hey, you look rough. You took some serious damage in that fight.
Maybe just give this a whirl. ―Trust me, I‘m a wizard. 
Merle: Yeah. I ought to eat one and see what happens.
Taako: You should eat one!
Clint: Alright. I‘m gonna eat one of the mushrooms.
Griffin: Uncooked?
Clint: Yeah!
Justin: Yeah, so he can get the healing benefits!
Clint: Yeah! What are you, a heathen?
Justin: He wants it raw!
Clint: What would Anthony Bourdain do?
Griffin: He would eat the weird… jizz mushroom. Off the cave
floor.
Clint: I am painting myself into a terrible corner.
Griffin: And do you know why Anthony Bourdain would eat that jizz
mushroom?
Clint: … Why?
Griffin: 'Cause he‘s got no reservations.
Travis: That‘s also why he can‘t get dinner at a reasonable hour.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Tell me what to roll to see if it kills me.
Griffin: No, you just uh… you just eat it.
Clint: I eat the mushroom!
Griffin: It tastes amazing. And it feels… like, you feel like a buzz like you
just drank a 12-ounce glass of delicious Surge, but it doesn‘t patch your
wounds, unfortunately.
Clint: Aw, great.
Griffin: But I can‘t stress this enough, it was really delicious. You think
maybe the water that was sort of nurturing these mushrooms was, uh, had
some sort of picante sp—oh, I shouldn‘t say picante, because then Taako‘s 
gonna think that this is his moment. That they‘ve wandered into a salsa
cavern.
Travis: Is it continuing to drip and flow up over the edge?
Griffin: Oh yeah, yeah. It‘s not flowing up onto the edge, it‘s sort of
crashing against the rock wall and just sort of shooting straight upward. It‘s
not—you guys aren‘t in danger of being, like, swept over the edge or
anything like that. So—
Clint: How about we go investigate the dwarven figure?
Griffin: Yeah, you still got the dwarven figure there. You got the elevator
leading down, which actually has like an iron lattice gate that has some sort
of locked up—
Travis: Is there like a man inside wearing like a jaunty hat saying like—
Griffin: ―Yes, helloooo! 
Travis: ―The elevator business has its ups and downs! That kinda thing?
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s exactly what—no.
Clint: Lawn furniture, fourth floor—
Travis: ―Evenin‘ Mr. Magnus! 
Clint: Ladies‘ lingerie, second floor…
Griffin: So…
Clint: I wanna go investigate the dwarven figure, how do we that?
Justin: You just go, you just say you do it.
Griffin: Walk over, you just walk over.
Clint: I walk over to the dwarven figure to investigate it.
Griffin: M‘kay. I‘m assuming that you—that anything you say from this
point on will be at a low whisper. 'Cause—
Magnus: Shh! Guys, we have to be quiet!
Griffin: You roll the dwarf over, and sadly, tragically, Merle… you recognize
it as Nundro Rockseeker. The second, the middle brother of the
Rockseeker—
Merle: Nooo!
Griffin: And then you take a constitution—
Merle: Nundrooo!
Magnus: Check out his boots!
Griffin: While you check out his boots, Merle takes a constitution saving
throw.
 Seven.
Griffin: Seven. Not, not sufficient. That‘s one, though. Just one poison
damage.
Travis: I take Merle by the—
Clint: Dwarves have an advantage on saving throws against poison.
Griffin: Oh, tight!
Clint: And you have resistance against poison damage.
Griffin: Oh, great! Well, do that again then, roll!
Clint: I don‘t know…
Justin: Well, that are several that that should‘ve applied to.
Griffin: Well…
Clint: Uh, nine. Oh, plus two, 11.
Griffin: Oh. Then yeah, you‘re fine!
Clint: Okay.
Travis: I take Merle gently by the shoulders and lead him away, as I kinda
like, tilt my head towards the body at Taako, like…
Magnus: Check it out! Check his pockets!
Justin: I search the body for valuables.
Clint: You little—
Travis: Nope! You don‘t see it. You‘re with me, you‘re being consoled.
Justin: You don‘t know I‘m doing that.
Clint: He‘s family!
Justin: You don‘t know I‘m doing it. He‘s a blind spot to you right now. You
need to be nurtured.
Griffin: He does not have magic jumping boots.
Justin: Aw…
Griffin: Mah magic jumping boots.
Travis: Topical.
Griffin: He does have with him, though, a rucksack with some mining
supplies. You think it‘s maybe, some of them that he got from the mining
camp outpost that you guys found at the front of Wave Echo Cave where
you found his dead brother. Don‘t worry, he was long dead before you struck
the killing blow, Merle.
Travis: Oh, we weren‘t worried.
Griffin: Oh, okay! In the bag, though, he does have a very small lockbox
that is fortunately unlocked, because y‘all don‘t got no rogues in your party,
that has inside of it 320 gold pieces. A small fortune.
Clint: Wow!
Justin: Alright, I put all of that in my bag.
Clint: Gah!
Travis: Hold on, hold on, hold on…
Clint: Yeah, go ahead Mr. Funnyman!
Travis: I assume that we‘ve split that.
Griffin: You guys don‘t know about it.
Justin: I put it all in my bag.
Griffin: Okay. You can. I‘ll let the three of you guys figure it out later.
Travis: I watch that happen. You son of a bitch.
Justin: I—and I take the rest of the gear and I throw it over the edge. And then I—and then I call out…
Taako: Oh, I don‘t know, guys… They got it all, I guess, before now.
Griffin: You take—
Clint: Constitution check!
Travis: And as you walk around we just hear, jingle jangle jingle jangle
jingle jingle…
Magnus: Hey, do you have like a ton of coins in your pocket?
Taako: No, they‘re all bottle caps! I‘m saving them for UNICEF!
Clint: Man!
Taako: I‘m saving bottle caps for UNICEF. I don‘t—I would love some gold,
though, if you want to buy some bottle caps.
Griffin: ―Every year, dragons kill kids. ―You can feed this entire village… 
Griffin: ―With bottle caps. I don‘t know, they just eat the things! No, I am
going to need you to make that constitution saving throw though, Taako.
Justin: Yeah, that‘s—sure. Mmm… five. That‘s not very good, is it?
Griffin: Nope. Two damage. Also in the lockbox is a small, very rusted iron
key.
Taako: Oh, there was a key!
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Travis: Let‘s, let‘s—I bet that‘s to the elevator.
Clint: Gesture, did you say?
Justin: I wave them over.
Griffin: ‘Kay.
Justin: And show them the key.
Griffin: And you give like a thumbs up?
Justin: Like a thumbs up, and then I point to the elevator.
Clint: And I snatch it because I was the only living relative.
Griffin: Okay. And you point at—
Travis: So you get the awesome, rusted key. But you have to spend the
night in the haunted house!
Griffin: It might be a magic elevator! It might—maybe that elevator is
actually a warhammer! Or something.
Clint: Maybe it‘s like the Wonkavator, and it‘ll go anywhere we want!
Justin: Let‘s get the fuck on it.
Griffin: You—it is indeed the key to the elevator.
Justin: Oh, thank god.
Griffin: You turn it, you go down. You are now on the level with the spring.
You are actually getting a little bit wet as the—
Travis: Yeah I am!
Griffin: As the waves come up, on you. Why would you—
Justin: What does that—how is that elevator working?
Griffin: It‘s sort of a rope-and-pulley situation.
Justin: Cool, cool, cool, cool.
Griffin: It‘s very medieval and very fantasy. It‘s the kind of thing that one might take up to a parapet.
Travis: I wanna drink from the spring.
Griffin: Oh! Okay. Yeah, you drink from the spring, and you—it‘s amazing.
You feel very very energized, and you actually feel right as rain! You feel like
you just woke up from a long rest.
Travis: So kinda like a Cialis commercial?
Griffin: You feel kinda like you‘re in a Cialis commercial.
Clint: We all get in tubs.
Griffin: Yeah, you actually feel incredible. And if you took any damage, it‘s
actually fine!
Justin: Merle, you should—
Magnus: Y‘all gotta get in on this spring!
Clint: I better get a drink too.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I‘ll drink from the spring.
Griffin: M‘kay. You actually take—
Travis: It kills you!
Griffin: It kills you, you die. It‘s anti-dwarven Raid. You can actually all
take this opportunity to take a little spring break if you want. Oh shit, I
didn‘t even think about that!
Clint: Spring break! Let‘s go see Kenny Chesney!
Griffin: That‘s who you‘d wanna see? That‘s how you‘d wanna—
Clint: Dwarves have very specific musical tastes!
Griffin: Most of 'em are into like, electronic dance music. Most of 'em are
like, crazy about Diplo.
Clint: Well, I‘m not like every dwarf you know.
Griffin: Do you know about Diplo, Dad?
Clint: Yeah! They‘re little building blocks, that people— Like Legos? Right?
Griffin: That‘s exactly right, I‘m so proud of you.
Travis: Can we make it canonical that Merle was cast out of his like, his
clan because of his love for Kenny Chesney?
Griffin: Yeah yeah yeah, they were all listening to, uh, to Skrillex.
Clint: Kenny Chesney.
Magnus: We‘ll never accept your taste in music, Merle!
Taako: She thinks my tractor‘s sexy and I think I‘m no longer welcome
here.
Justin: Any way for us to store some of this water?
Griffin: Uh…
Justin: I checked my inventory. I mean, you check yours, see if you‘ve got
a—
Travis: I‘ve got a water skin or something.
Justin: I don‘t have a wa—
Clint: I do have a water skin.
Justin: I, bizarrely, did not—do not have a water skin on me.
Travis: You do—wait, do you have an Adventurer‘s Kit, Juice?
Justin: No.
Travis: Oh.
Clint: I do have a water skin. Can I fill it with water from the fountain?
Griffin: You can. You reach into the shimmering water of the spring and
you scoop up some of it from your water skin. It‘s amazing – as you lift your
water skin from the water, you peer inside and it‘s actually almost like a
flashlight. Like it‘s that bright, the water. It‘s shining out of it—
Travis: I want shiny water!
Griffin: And as you stand there and look at it, it actually gets less and less
shiny the longer you have it in your water skin, until eventually the light
completely goes out.
Clint: And I assume it lost all magical properties.
Griffin: Yeah, you get the idea that maybe it‘s not the water, as much as it
is the stone that the water‘s landing in. Like the basin itself is kind of
imbuing it with magic.
Travis: I want to fill my water skin with the stone.
Travis: I solved your riddle!
Griffin: You pop one out like a jawbreaker. And now you‘re just suckin‘,
suckin‘ on stone.
Clint: Okay, now we can stop.
Travis: New, from Kenny Chesney, ―Suckin‘ on Stone. 
Griffin: I‘m suckin‘ on stone, come on
down, get on the tractor bus!

[BAL4]

Griffin: Last time on The Adventure Zone…
Taako: Gundren was sold or given to someone named ―The Black Spider. 
Barry: Gundren and his two brothers… the three of them have a claim to
the lost mine of Phandalin. The cave‘s called Wave Echo Cave, and I know
that‘s a silly name.
Griffin: You manage to find your way to the entrance of Wave Echo Cave.
You see the body of a dwarf. It is, uh, it‘s Tharden. Tharden Rockseeker, one
of the—
Clint: My other cousin.
Griffin: Yeah. He died!
Justin: I search Tharden‘s body for valuables.
Griffin: You notice that his boots are Magic Boots of Striding and Springing.
Hanging from the ceiling, a giant black blob-mass—
Clint: I‘m gonna hit it with my warhammer.
Griffin: The jelly just sort of splatters, and you send a dwarven figure just
flying. You recognize it as Nundro Rockseeker.
Clint: I‘ll drink from the spring.
Griffin: You can actually all take this opportunity to take a little spring
break, if you want. Oh, shit—
Clint: Spring break!
Griffin: I didn‘t even think about that!
Clint: Let‘s all go see Kenny Chesney!
Griffin: That‘s who you‘d wanna see!?
Announcer: Double, double, toil and trouble. We‘re cooking up a fresh
batch of danger for you this week in… The Adventure Zone!
Justin: Are there exits here on this level?
Griffin: Yep!
Justin: I mean, we came down the elevator, where are the exits?
Griffin: There‘s just one, around this sort of path leading around the
spring. At the end of the path is actually a big iron door, the first door that
you‘ve seen in this cave. It is fortunately unlocked. You guys can go in fairly
easily.
Travis: Does it say push or pull?
Griffin: It says something in Dwarven.
Clint: Which means ―egress. 
Travis: Okay.
Justin: I speak Dwarven, what‘s it say?
Griffin: It says—
Clint: I speak Dwarven!
Griffin: Uhh, it says ―pull."
Clint: Should we check the room before we leave?
Griffin: It‘s not really a room to speak of, it‘s really just the path leading
around the spring. There‘s not—
Travis: I pee in the spring.
Griffin: Aw, you do?
Clint: Well, no more drinking out of that!
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Are you—you didn‘t.
Travis: I didn‘t.
Griffin: Okay, good.
Clint: I do.
Griffin: Oh gosh…
Justin: I leave.
Griffin: You do and it actually—it responds to your pee. It responds to
Rockseeker piss.
Clint: Thank you. That was kinda what I was assuming.
Griffin: Yeah. Every—any body fluid that you‘ve got in your body is sacred
to this here mine.
Clint: I am going to spend the rest of my game here.
Griffin: Here, just spitting, and—
Justin: I wanna leave! I want—I go—
Griffin: Pissing…
Justin: I walk out the door. I walk out the door.
Griffin: Okay, you go through the door. What follows is actually sort of the
longest stretch in this cave that you guys have been through. And you get
the idea, just sort of from how this tunnel has been carved out, that this is
like the heart of the mining operation in Wave Echo Cave. This is where they
were excavating ore that they, y‘know, were ostensibly turning into magical
weaponry.
Magnus: Hey guys, I think this is the heart of the mining operation. I think
this is where they were excavating. Was that right?
Griffin: You actually—all three of you just sort of know this. So you‘re just
kind of being an ass.
Magnus: I just sort of know it.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: And I‘m like, I‘m kinda nodding like, ―Yeah. Yeah, we know. 
Magnus: No, I just—I feel it in my bones.
Griffin: All of you… yeah.
Clint: And we can‘t hear you because of all the damn coins jingling in your
bag!
Griffin: You guys are making your way through this cave, or through this
tunnel, and you—
Clint: Can—can we—as we walk through, can we talk?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah!
Merle: I feel like I don‘t know you guys, I mean—
Griffin: Oh, this would be a perfect opportunity. It is a very—I don‘t know if
you guys have ever walked through a mine before. It‘s a very long stretch.
Merle: Uh, I just feel like we‘ve grown apart and I‘m just, y‘know…
Taako: So, how—
Magnus: Stop singing Kenny Chesney.
Taako: How does everybody think the adventure is going? 
Magnus: I‘d say a solid B. A solid B-minus?
Taako: So far so good by me.
Griffin: Are you saying the content of the adventure that you—
Taako: You don‘t hear this happening!
Griffin: Okay.
Magnus: Shut up, God!
Taako: This is just us talking, let us talk. Do you guys remember when we
killed that goblin that looked like Common and sounded like Kelsey
Grammer?
Magnus: Mm-hmm.
Clint: Today the part of Taako‘s being played by Emo Philips.
Taako: I don‘t… Do you guys think that‘s fair or accurate?
Magnus: Do you guys ever hear from Klaarg? He never writes.
Taako: I miss Klaarg.
Magnus: I miss Klaarg too. We should go back for Klaarg.
Klaarg: I miss you guys too!
Taako: Klaarg!
Griffin: He‘s right behind—no. You—
Taako: Do you guys think this cave is haunted?
Merle: Okay, I take back what I said about talking and sharing. On we go!
Taako: Someone roll, someone roll to see if this—
Magnus: Do you guys have a girl back home?
Taako: Someone roll to see if they know if this cave is haunted.
Clint: I‘m going to throw an awkward throw.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I rolled a 20.
Griffin: Yeah, everybody critical‘d on the awkward throw.
Clint: 19.
Griffin: Listen, this is just like… y‘know how sometimes you go to a work
party—
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: And you try to talk to the people there. But it‘s tough, y‘know? You
guys are co-workers right now, you‘re not friends. You‘re seasoned—
Travis: I show Merle and Taako inappropriate drawings that I got from a
girl at another village and they get real skeeved.
Griffin: Yeah, I—and so are—is me and so are the thousands of people
listening to the show right now.
Magnus: She‘s waiting for me back home.
Griffin: Great.
Justin: Okay, are we at the end of—oh my god, this cave!
Griffin: Yep. You‘re at the end of the tunnel. It took you guys four days to
get through it.
Griffin: Four days of just nudies. And it sucked. It was the—
Clint: And eating mushrooms.
Griffin: It was the worst—
Clint: Eating mushrooms and nudies. This is like college again.
Griffin: It was just shrooms and nudes, and it sucked, and it was the worst
four days.
Travis: But we grew closer as friends.
Griffin: You didn‘t. That‘s—
Clint: But somehow we‘re stronger.
Griffin: That‘s the shitty part, you didn‘t even do that. You make it to the end of this tunnel, and you reach a very strange
room. It is… the floor of this room, it is a fairly large circular room. The floor
of it is just this massive grate that looks super, super solidly built. It looks
like the kind of thing you can stand on without worrying about it collapsing
under your weight, and you know that because, on one side of the room is a
bunch of super heavy duty looking mining equipment.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: There‘s what looks to be some sort of like… medieval-fantasy
jackhammer. There‘s a lot of handheld equipment like pickaxes and stuff like
that. The centerpiece of this room though, is this giant, like… grinding 
machine? It‘s got two rollers just sort of covered with spikes that you
assume just like, people put stone in and it grinds down to fall through the
grate that makes up the floor.
It is this huge thing and you see that and think, ―Well, if the grate can hold
up that thing, then we‘re probably aces. Surrounding the room, about eight
feet up, is a sort of wooden ledge that circles the room that maybe
somebody could overlook this grinding room from very safely.
There—the only exit from this room is actually up there, on that ledge, on
the opposite side of the room that you guys just entered from.
Travis: Can we see down through the grate?
Griffin: You can. It goes down a very, very long ways. You‘re pretty sure
you can‘t see the bottom of it.
Justin: Is there a ladder or anything up to the ledge?
Griffin: There is, yeah. On the other side of the room, where the exit is.
Clint: Is there any sign of Short Round and a bunch of kids in
turbans running around?
Griffin: Uh… oh I—sorry, for a second there I thought you were makin‘—
doing a Goonies thing.
Justin: I climb the ladder.
Griffin: As you actually walk into the room, the door on that ledge opens
very quickly. It was kicked open, and exiting from it is a young orc woman
who is holding the biggest crossbow any of you have ever seen in your lives.
And—
Travis: I point at her and say…
Magnus: Hey! I do the kicking around here!
Griffin: And she has this crossbow levied on you. She is totally, totally
ready for you, and as you enter the room she points her crossbow at you
and just sort of stands there looking at you quizzically.
Merle: Easy, Magnus…
Magnus: Hello!
Griffin: She‘s just sort of sitting there like… you hear her go like…
Orc: Ah, shit.
Justin: In Orcish I‘m assuming, or in Common, or…
Griffin: She‘s speaking in Common, yeah.
Justin: Excellent. Uh—
Travis: I bow deeply to her.
Justin: I say…
Taako: Hail and well met!
Orc: Shh, give me—shh, shh. Shhh!
Justin: And then I think about, ugh, kinda cliché.
Orc: Sorry, just give me one second, I‘m trying to…
Griffin: This is her speaking.
Orc: Uhh… I‘m trying to figure this out.
Magnus: Is it a math problem?
Orc: No, it‘s, uh… I‘m just—I just can‘t understand why other people would
be here. I‘m trying to figure out… whether to just kill you guys right away, I
don‘t have a lot of time… Um… I don‘t—I don‘t like collateral damage, I‘m
not— it does not reflect upon me very well, I‘m just trying to crack the,
uhh... Crack the code of how other people could be… here.
Justin: Well—
Clint: May I say something?
Griffin: You can do whatever you want.
Merle: Have you heard the word of Marthammor Duin today?
Orc: What‘s that?
Clint: And offer a Watch Tower.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: What do you mean?
Justin: Dad‘s witnessing.
Griffin: You‘re spreading the good news of Marthammor Duin?
Justin:
Clint: Yeah!
Justin: Great opportunity!
Orc: Uhh, no thank you, I‘m… spoken for. Um…. Okay. Here‘s this. Here‘s
the best offer I can make you. Um… I‘m going to ask you guys a question…
Magnus: Okay…
Orc: You seem like good—good people. Uh, and—
Magnus: Is it a riddle?
Orc: It might be, depending on sort of where you‘re at.
Magnus: I love riddles.
Orc: Great.
Griffin: Is this your character development?
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: Griffin, when you said development just now, were there air
quotes? Just want to make sure.
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Orc: Depending on your answer to this question, it‘s gonna decide, I guess,
what happens next.
Magnus: Oh, like a choose your own adventure!
Orc: Sort of, sure. Only… if, like, 90 percent of the pages were, ―You died. 
Magnus: Ohh, like you end up at the yeti?
Orc: Yeah, this could be a yeti-page situation.
Magnus: Okay, question on!
Orc: Are you here… for the [static]?
Magnus: Uh… did you have something stuck in your throat, like a hair or
something?
Merle: Ah, wait, wait, I can—we are not [static] hunters.
Orc: Okay, so… I just heard like a crackly thing, which actually tells me
everything you need to know. Uh, okay, you‘re not here for the [static]
and that‘s great news for me, but I cannot have you guys getting in my
way. So here‘s my solution, and I think you‘re gonna find it very equitable -
I‘m not going to shoot you with this giant crossbow.
Magnus: Great.
Taako: I‘m… I‘m for. Go on.
Orc: Instead…
Travis: Oh?
Griffin: She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a small, sort of 
handheld… I don‘t know, it looks like a game show buzzer. And she clicks it
down with her thumb, and a ball of light emits from it and shoots into the
air, and very quickly zaps the crusher in the middle of the room, the wheels
of which begin to spin.
The rollers, the crushers inside begin to activate, and then the crusher itself
seems to move. It seems to animate, as if it has just been brought to life
beyond its normal mechanical capabilities, and it‘s causing quite a clatter
and quite a racket, and when you look up from it, the orc woman is gone,
and has taken the ladder with her, it looks like.
Travis: I know what to do. I contact C3P0 and ask him to turn off all the
compactors on this level.
Griffin: So we‘re gonna actually go to initiative.
Travis: Against the crusher? I got a… 12.
Justin: Cha boy got 20.
Clint: I got one.
Griffin: Woof.
Travis: Damn.
Griffin: So this thing is deafening. It‘s very, very, very, very loud. There
are some chains sort of hanging on the wall that are just sort of shaking and
rattling. There are chains on the ceiling that are sort of shaking and— and
rattling. There‘s a mine cart on the other side of the room that is shaking
around. This thing is super, super, super loud. And it is alive, and it looks
hungry and angry and… Taako, you are first in the order.
Justin: Excellent.
Clint: Is it moving?
Griffin: Oh yeah.
Clint: In our direction?
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Clint: Of course.
Travis: Does it look to have some sort of, like, controlling area, like you
would see on a like… construction equipment?
Griffin: Like a big red glowing weak point?
Travis: No, no, no, I mean like, you would have someplace to control it, if
it‘s a machine. Is there like some sort of control panel or anything?
Griffin: No, this is a—it doesn‘t—it‘s just like a grinder. It‘s not like an exosuit; it‘s not supposed to be moving in this way. It is not supposed to be…
alive. This is abnormal, this is a very powerful magic that you guys have
never witnessed before.
Travis: Cool cool.
Justin: Uh, I cast… thunderwave.
Griffin: Thunderwave?
Justin: How close is it?
Griffin: It is—it‘s very close to you guys, it‘s about eight feet away.
Justin: Perfect, okay. I cast thunderwave. You have to make a constitution
saving throw.
Griffin: Kay. What kind of damage does thunderwave do?
Justin: That is going to be 2d8 thunder damage.
Griffin: Okay… and what am I saving against?
Justin: Constitution.
Griffin: This thing has plus two constitution. I rolled an eight, that‘s a ten,
maybe?
Justin: It‘s a 13, so no.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, I‘m—it is thundered.
Justin: Okay, so… we‘re gonna take 2d8 thunder damage… whoa, eight!
Eight, 16.
Griffin: Holy shit!
Justin: —thunder damage, and it‘s gonna get pushed back ten feet.
Griffin: Really good news - this thing is actually weak against thunder
damage.
Justin: What does that mean?
Griffin: It means you did double damage.
Travis: Whoa!
Justin: That‘s 32!
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s a—
Justin: Whoa!
Griffin: —big goddamn hit. Okay.
Travis: I hit it with my thunder axe.
Justin: How sweet does—Griffin, can you describe how sweet it looks when
I do this?
Griffin: This thing was charging you, about to grab you with its mighty,
mighty jaws, that would have probably turned you into ground beef… if you
knew what ground beef was, which you don‘t, or else you would know one of
the—the legendary secrets of tacos.
Griffin: And just as it was about to make contact, you give it the ol Fus Ro
Dah and send it flying across the room effortlessly like a—like you just
punted an empty two-liter of Diet Mountain Dew.
Travis: When he does this, Magnus just turns to him, mouth agape.
Magnus: Whaaa?
Griffin: But it‘s still alive, and it‘s still threshing.
Clint: Agh.
Griffin: And… next in the order is uhh, Magnus.
Travis: Can I… can I get behind it?
Griffin: It‘s actually up against the wall now, because you just… it was just
tossed.
Travis: And how high is the ceiling?
Griffin: The ceiling is about… 20 feet high. The ledge, the wooden ledge
above you that the ladder was stolen from is about eight feet up.
Travis: Great. And how low are the chains?
Griffin: The chains from the ceiling? They‘re hanging down about, uh,
hanging down about we‘ll say about 10 feet.
Travis: Great.
Griffin: There‘s also chains on the walls that are on the level with you that
are just sort of hanging on hooks.
Travis: Great, great. My magic jumping boots, do they let me jump higher?
Griffin: No.
Travis: Mm.
Griffin: You‘re not Larry goddamn Bird.
Travis: Do my Larry Bird boots let me jump higher?
Griffin: No, you haven‘t found the Larry Bird boots yet. You‘ve only found
your magic jumping loafers.
travis: I take the chains down… as many as I can carry…
Griffin: Kay.
Travis: And I‘m… just gonna heft em into the grinder.
Griffin: Okay! You don‘t even need to actually make a roll for
that. I‘m assuming that you can confidently—it‘s a big target. You toss the
chains into the grinder, and—
Travis: And as I do it, I raise my shield to protect my face. It‘s my
moneymaker.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah.
Clint: Always gotta take care of the face.
Griffin: That‘s a good call, too. You throw these chains into the thing, and it
was not built… for that. You gum up the works. You gum up the gully
works. And it‘s almost like it just tears itself apart from the inside out. It is
just in a heap of shrapnel.
The rollers are just torn asunder, everything is flying all over the place. You
hear—it sounds like a hailstorm on your shield. And when you look up,
there‘s just a heaping pile of debris that, horrifyingly, is still sort of… sort of
rumblin‘ around. But it is decidedly taken care of.
Magnus: Kudos all around, gentlemen.
Griffin: Yeah, that was a—that was a very quick grinder battle.
Justin: But I wanna make a perception check—
Travis: The orc woman leans back in and goes, ―How‘s it—oh,
shit. 
Griffin: ―Oh shit, okay. 
Justin: I wanna make a perception check to see if the idea of, like, when I
was thinking about what would have happened to us if we had gotten caught
in that. I wanna make a perception check to see if the concept of ground
meat would occur to me.
Griffin: You…
Clint: That‘s justified.
Griffin: I‘ll give you half of the first clue that will lead you to the secret of
ground beef. You understand that, if a thing were to be ground, it would be
more easily digestible, and probably would be easier to season. But you
haven‘t unlocked the seasoning secrets yet.
Justin:Okay.
Clint: The quest continues!
Travis: I look over and Taako‘s just furiously writing down notes.
Griffin: This is the first step. You understand the concept of grinding.
Travis: He‘s just circled, ―Ground? Question mark? like eight times.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Aw, if we‘d had a cow here…
Griffin: Well, that‘s the thing, you wouldn‘t even know that beef would be
the thing to grind, right? You could be like—
Clint: Yeah, but it would have been a heck of a thing to throw in it.
Griffin: No, it would have been sweet! But you didn‘t have that on hand, so
you might be thinking about—
Justin: Alright, I wrote that down. I understand grinding.
Griffin: Ground rocks? Ground water? Can you grind water? You don‘t
know, you‘re so goddamn stupid.
Justin: About tacos.
Griffin: About tacos specifically.
Clint: Who would have ever thought it was not chain proof?
Travis: I did.
Clint: … I know.
Travis: I would say that Magnus did.
Griffin: Good job, good work. Next, uh…
Travis: Let‘s get up on that platform.
Clint: Yeah, can we climb the chains to get up on the platform? Wait a
minute, wait, wait, is the grinder still—it‘s not moving, right? But it‘s still
operating.
Griffin: It‘s just sort of like, little pieces of it are just kind of bumbling
around. It‘s kind of—
Clint: There‘s no way to climb up on top of it to get easier access to the
chains on the wall?
Griffin: Oh, no, no.
Clint: Or the chains on the ceiling?
Griffin: No, it‘s… it‘s everywhere. There are pieces of it in the wall, like
embedded in the wall. It‘s—
Travis: You guys, it‘s only eight feet up. I just stand underneath it and just
kinda put my fingers, like, interlace my fingers and go like, ―Who wants up? 
and just kind of heft you guys up there.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: I like that.
Travis: How many gold did we get from the grinder?
Griffin: No gold.
Travis: Did we get a feeling of accomplishment?
Griffin: You solved the—you took one step towards solving the taco
mystery. How is that not enough for you?
Travis: I mean, that is—
Justin: Enough for me!
Clint: How about rupees?
Travis: Do we get a sense of accomplishment and fulfillment?
Griffin: You feel good. You got a shit ton of experience points.
Travis: That‘s good.
Griffin: And you know what? Travis, I‘ll give you an initiative point. Or uh…
inspiration point, because that was an inspired usage of chains.
Justin: And I will move the chains.
Griffin: You didn‘t move the chains.
Clint: He moved the chains!
Griffin: Into his grindage.
Justin: Come on, let‘s go.
Clint: So are we now up on that—
Travis: I‘m gonna take a chain with me.
Griffin: Yeah, you—
Clint: Now we‘re up—oh, good idea.
Griffin: Just in case? Are you just gonna do this every time I introduce any
sort of mechanic? You‘re like, ―Ohh, I may need that mayonnaise later! 
Like, no, that was the solution to the mayonnaise puzzle.
Travis: No, I just… I want it to like wrap around, like, my shield and arm
and shit as like—
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Makeshift armor.
Griffin: So you just wanna be more cumbersome?
Travis: Yep!
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Maybe they‘re tire chains and they‘ll come in handy this coming
winter.
Justin: Can we please move on?
Griffin: You make it through the… you make it up to the wooden platform,
you go through the door that the orc woman came—
Clint: Kicked open.
Griffin: Yeah. The door is a little bit… busted, and you think like, ―That
woman‘s irresponsible with doors. 
Justin: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: ―This prob—this is not her home. She shouldn‘t just be—―
Travis: I use my carpentry skills to fix the door.
Griffin: Okay, yeah, you do that.
Clint: Let me guess, you‘re plus 25 in carpentry.
Griffin: No, I nerfed Travis‘ character while—before you guys got on. You
weren‘t around for that, but there was a little bit of numerical tweaking that
went on behind the scenes.
Travis: Apparently I was just too good at D&D.
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re too good at making—coming up with very high
numbers for things.
Justin: Our rate of progress is just… it‘s staggeringly… staggeringly…
Griffin: This is the show!
Justin: The—this isn‘t the show!
Griffin: It can be!
Justin: I want some high adventure!
Griffin: Okay. High adventure.
Travis: That‘s beyond compare.
Clint: High adventure!
Griffin: You go through the door and you realize that it‘s actually a
dragon‘s mouth, and now you‘re inside a dragon.
Travis: Whoa!
Clint: High adventure!
Griffin: Hail and well met, adventurers! It‘s me. It‘s Griffin, the dungeon
master for The Adventure Zone, the podcast that you're currently listening
to, with a quick mid-game break. Just wanted to do some quick
announcements for the show, because this is the time that we do the
announcements for the show.
Thank you all very, very, very much for listening to episode four, and
presumably, the previous episodes. We‘ve had a really great launch, and we
owe all of that to all of you who have downloaded the show, who have left
us ratings and reviews on iTunes, which it‘s still not too late to do. For
people who are telling friends about the show, and getting them on board,
we‘re still in that sort of early period where it‘s really important to get the
show off to a really great start, because that traction is sort of what makes
or breaks podcasts at the beginning.
So, anything you can do to share the show with a friend, leave a review on
iTunes, anything you can do, we genuinely, very, very much appreciate it. A
real quick big announcement – we have a website for The Adventure Zone
now. It is TheAdventure.Zone, which will take you to our Tumblr page where
we are collecting a lot of errata about the game. 
Uh, new episodes for the show are still gonna be posted on our Maximum
Fun page, which you can find at MaximumFun.org. There‘s a lot of great
stuff you can do on MaximumFun.org. You can listen to the other great
shows on the network, like Sawbones, Jordan, Jesse, GO!, Judge John
Hodgman, Bunker Buddies, Throwing Shade, among so, so, so many others.
And My Brother, My Brother, and Me, the other podcast that uh, me and
Justin and Travis all do together.
You can also become a donor to MaximumFun.org if you really like the
program. It helps support all of the shows on the network, and specifically
us, if you choose us as the show that you want to donate to. So that‘s a
really great thing you want to do, if you want to go above and beyond and
really help us out.
But on TheAdventure.Zone, we are mostly gonna collect things like character
sheets. Right now, we've got Taako, and uh, I believe Magnus‘ character
sheet‘s up there, so if you want to see, y'know, what the like, game
mechanics for those two characters are, you can check that out. We‘re also
putting a bunch of fan art up, among other things. So yeah,
TheAdventure.Zone is where we are going to be collecting a lot of that stuff
from now on.
Uh, you can also tweet at us. We are @TheZoneCast, if you want to just
tweet with the hash tag, #TheZoneCast. I think we‘re abandoning
#TAZCast, because it was a bad hash tag, you guys. It was just a bad hash
tag. So yeah, tweet at us. We are going to start including characters in the
show based on people who tweeted at us, including in the upcoming half of
this episode, three characters who are named after Brian Lee – that‘s
@BrianLee on Twitter – Killian Zuba on Twitter, and Renee Renuples on
Twitter.
Thank you to the three of you for tweeting about the show, for spreading the
word, and to everybody who has been spreading the word. We‘re gonna
keep doing that. So if you tweet about the show, there‘s a chance that we
might include you as a character in the campaign from now on, which… uh, I
don't know, seems like an exciting opportunity to me. But I'm just making
all this shit up as I go along.
That‘s it for now. Uh, thank you again so, so, so much for listening, for
sharing the show, for everything. Uh, we did not know what kind of
reception to expect for the show, and it has been nothing but
flabbergastingly sweet. So, thank you all very, very much.
And now, back to… the adventure. Zone. Adventure. The Adventure Zone
Adventure.
Griffin: You go through that door. You‘re going down a stone-wrought
hallway. This was obviously not carved out by a mine. This is a… this was
not carved out by mining equipment, I should say. This is like a—
Justin: Natural?
Griffin: --hallway that you would find in a building… made of stone, I
guess. And you hear, reverberating down the walls, the sound of clanging, of
metal, the telltale sounds of combat. And then you hear the woman—the orc
woman that you encountered earlier yell…
Orc: Uh, help!
Travis: Oh, sure. Yep, you got it.
Justin: I shout out…
Taako: Eat a big‘un!
Magnus: God helps those who help themselves!
Orc: Could use a hand down here. It‘s uh… come on.
Travis: Okay, I run down there.
Griffin: Okay. Foolhardily?
Travis: Yeah.
Justin:At least he‘s honest.
Griffin: Guess that‘s what you do.
Travis: Magnus prefers action.
Griffin: Okay. You all run into—
Justin: I don‘t.
Clint: I waddle. Like a four-year-old baby.
Justin: I sit down on the ground, I‘m not helping her.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I get down there and say…
Magnus: Don‘t worry, I‘ve got my—
Travis: And they‘re not there.
Griffin: ―I‘ve got my road dogs! Oh, shit. 
Justin: I‘m studying my book.
Travis: ―We can do anything togethe—aww. 
Griffin: Magnus—
Justin: My legs are sore from all these coins I‘m carrying!
Griffin: Okay Magnus, you run down the tunnel and exit out into
a huge room. A massive room that almost seems like a quarry, almost
seems like a… like a pit, like a mining pit where they would dump the
product down.
That‘s on the far side of the room that the quarry is on. God, it‘s huge. It‘s
a… 40-by-40 foot hole in the ground on the far side of the room. It is
actually bigger than the floor of the room itself. The only other exit in this
room is a… a giant iron-wrought door. A huge production, you wonder how
they got it in here. It is very, very big.
Travis: How hard am I wondering this?
Griffin: You‘re like—
Travis: Do I need to roll?
Griffin: You‘re like, ―Hmmmm. 
Travis: I rolled a four.
Griffin: Uh, you… so you‘re not wondering very hard. You‘re like, ―Ah, the
door. Fuck it. Whatever. 
Also in this room is the orc woman that you saw before, who has just been
plastered to the wall with webbing. She is thoroughly webbed to the
wall. She‘s almost entirely covered except for her head. And across from
her, about 20 feet from her, is a drow, a dark elf, holding a staff that he has
pointed at her. He‘s dressed in black robes. On the black robe is a—he‘s
wearing a tabard with a white spider on it. Do you guys get it yet?
Travis: Yeah. He‘s like a spider.
Clint: He‘s the bl—oh my gosh.
Justin: Griffin, can I roll to see if orc women completely covered in ooey
gooey webbing is a fetish o‘ mine?
Griffin: Yeah… Yeah, I guess.
Justin: I need to know if I‘m gonna be distracted.
Griffin: Alright. I guess. This sucks.
Justin:Okay, it‘s a six.
Griffin: No, you— it‘s not your cup of tea.
Justin: So I‘m cool. Okay.
Travis: I run in and hit him with the shield and try to knock him in the hole.
Griffin: Well, no.
Travis: That‘s what I do.
Griffin: That‘s not really how Dungeons & Dragons works.
Travis: Wait, let me roll… Success!
Griffin: M‘kay. Um…
Travis: So he‘s dead now.
Griffin: Did everybody else run in, or is this just a Magnus situation?
Clint: Yeah, we‘re all in there.
Justin: I‘m not in! I‘m not helping her!
Clint: Alright. I‘m in there.
Justin: I‘m ambling.
Griffin: Okay. The Black Spider, the person you‘re assuming is the Black
Spider, has his staff pointed at the woman who is webbed to the wall, but
jerks his head to you and says…
Black Spider: Oh, what a fantastic development! Ah! We have guests,
dear, how exciting!
Justin: Alright, that‘s weird enough that I‘m gonna come in the room.
travis: ―What was that? 
Black Spider: Oh, and a third guest, how exciting! We have even more
guests, dear. We should make a place at the table for all of them.
Magnus: He seems nice!
Black Spider: Hello, hello. Welcome to my cave.
Griffin: Oh man, I can‘t—I just took my headphones off to hear what I
sounded like doing this voice.
Clint: Yeah.
Justin: It‘s excellent.
Griffin: And it sucks.
Taako: I‘m s—I just wanted to say, I‘m so happy to meet someone else
who talks normally.
Clint: ―I want to be a Charlie in the Box! 
Black Spider: I love your cadence, dear. Where you from?
Taako: Uh, New Elfington.
Justin: Am I? … Am I?
Griffin: Yeah, sure, you can be from New Elfington.
Clint: Write that down.
Griffin: Is that built on the ruins of Old Elfington?
Justin: We burnt it down cause no one could figure out why it was called
Old Elfington.
Griffin: Oh shit, I need to retcon. There‘s something else in this
room. Lying precariously towards, uh, close to the edge of the pit, you see
an unconscious dwarven figure that, Merle, you recognize as—
Clint: Gundren.
Griffin: The one, the only, Gundren Rockseeker.
Clint: Gundren.
Justin: Gundren!
Griffin: Um—
Justin: How did you forget the one fucking thing in this room—
Travis: ―Oh, and also the whole point of your quest is here. 
Griffin: I was too busy thinking about this great, great voice that I came up
with for the Black Spider.
Black Spider: I suppose no introductions will be necessary.
Merle: Yeah.
Black Spider: I would like to know who you are, though.
Magnus: Okay, so you would assume that introductions are necessary.
Black Spider: I‘m sorry, I don‘t need to be introduced, do I? My reputation
precedes me. Also, my spider tabard.
Taako: Who… who are you?
Black Spider: I'm the—The Black Spider.
Magnus: Guys, I think this is him! I‘m—I‘m Magnus.
Clint: Do we need to roll initiative?
Justin: Not yet!
Black Spider: Not unless you plan to strike me!
Justin:Let‘s not.
Taako: Uh, I‘m Taako. We‘re just here for Gundren; you can do whatever
you want to—
Black Spider: Ah, your voice is like a song.
Justin: I use mage hand to caress his cheek.
Black Spider: This is a little bit forward.
Taako: Thank you darling. Listen, we‘re just here for uh, Gundren. You can
do whatever you want to with, uh, the Orc woman.
Black Spider: Oh, Gundren‘s purpose has been served. Uh, if you want,
you can take him and go, sure!
Taako: Excellent. Pleasure doing business with you.
Black Spider: Oh, I‘m sorry, I will need a bit more of his blood though.
Magnus: How much more?
Taako: No, that‘s not going to work for us.
Black Spider: Uh, about a little pint. A couple pints. How much blood does
dwarves have?
Magnus: More than you‘d think.
Taako: Darling, I didn‘t catch your name. Give it to me one more time?
Black Spider: Uh, it‘s Black Spider. It‘s not my Christian name, though.
Magnus: Guys, I know how this works! If we figure out his name, he‘s
banished.
Black Spider: I‘m not the Beetlejuice.
Magnus: Oh.
Clint: Okay. While Taako is talking to him, I steal all the gold back out of
Taako‘s bag…
Justin: He doesn‘t know I have it! Okay. So, okay, does the—Griffin,
sidebar—
Black Spider: I have to--I‘m curious to ask, if you don‘t mind answering a
few questions? Uh, no pressure if you don‘t want to. I don‘t—I want you
three to feel very comfortable here.
Merle: Oh, please, feel free!
Black Spider: Uh, how in the fuck do you know about this magical cave
mine?
Merle: Craigslist.
Black Spider: I doubt that‘s true. Don‘t tell me, are you here also for
the [static]?
Magnus: No…? Yes…?
Merle: Screw the [static], I‘m here for my cousin!
Black Spider: Uh, which one? The—
Magnus: The orc woman.
Black Spider: The only surviving one, I‘m guessing.
Justin: Oh, God, this guy.
Merle: I‘m naturally drawn to helping my cousins, so…
Travis: Okay, I attack Black Spider. Fuck this shit.
Justin: No! No, wait—
Clint: Wait, maybe there‘s a peaceful way to solve this!
Justin: Maybe there‘s a peaceful way to figure it out.
Travis: It‘s not peaceful, I‘m gonna kill him.
Justin: I do think—okay. Alright, Dad, we need—
Black Spider: I see your friend‘s—I see your friend‘s hand where his hip be
at. And I don‘t—
Justin: We need to deal with these things one at a time, okay? I‘m talking
to him. Dad says he wants to go help Gundren.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Can we address that? He‘s doing that.
Clint: And I think—and I think Magnus ought to go rescue web woman.
Black Spider: Ohh, no, she‘s mine.
Justin: No, Magnus has to decide what Magnus is gonna do.
Clint: I know.
Justin: Merle is helping—
Clint: Right.
Justin: His cousin.
Black Spider: Do what you want, just—I do need—do need—
Justin: Now, mm…
Clint: How about if I—can I do some kind of check on—
Griffin: Gundren?
Clint: On Gundren?
Griffin: Yeah, sure. Maybe a first aid check just to sort of see, scope him
out? How he‘s doing?
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: You won‘t see—you‘re not—he won‘t—the Black Spider probably
won‘t let you over there to heal him, but you can sort of check on his
condish.
Justin: What is first aid against, Griffin?
Clint: What do I roll?
Griffin: Is there not a first aid skill?
Justin: No.
Griffin: Is there a healing skill?
Justin: There‘s medicine. Medicine.
Griffin: Medicine.
Clint: Medicine. Okay, so I roll…
Griffin: A d20 and you add your medicine.
Clint: Okay. 15.
Griffin: Okay. He‘s alive! That‘s great news. He is alive, he‘s living, you can
see he‘s breathing, but he is unconscious. But he‘s living, so you still got the
one cousin.
Clint: Can I—okay, so he‘s still alive. Okay.
Griffin: That means—the bad thing is, he‘s got some great boots. And that
means you‘re out some boots. You‘re out some, some more—
Travis: Well, he‘s unconscious. I take the boots.
Griffin: Okay. No, I was joking about the boots.
Travis: Aww.
Justin: I‘m just still talking with, uh, with…
Clint: Well, find out what‘s going on.
Justin: … the Black Spider. Griffin, why is—why doesn‘t the Black Spider
have a name?
Griffin: Uhh, cause he‘s mysterious.
Justin: I told listeners that if they tweeted the link to our show that we
might use their name for…
Griffin: Okay, fine, I‘ve got one.
Taako: Uhh, just wanna ask one more time cause I‘m still not clear, what
is your, uh, what‘s your Christian name? What, what were you, your born
name—I, uh, Black Spider sounds formal.
Black Spider: It‘s not very serious, is it?
Griffin: Kay, do you have a check—a persuasion check? Uh, do
a persuasion check.
Justin: A persuasion check?
Griffin: See if you can squeeze his name out of him.
Justin: 14.
Griffin: Sure, that‘ll do it.
Black Spider: It‘s Brian, darling.
Clint: Brian Darling.
Taako: Brian?
Black Spider: No, just—
Clint: You related to Wendy Darling?
Black Spider: No, it‘s just Brian. You don‘t need to add anything else to it,
just Brian.
Justin: We, uh…
Clint: What happened to your voice?
Taako: We need to take Gundren with us, we‘re going to take the woman,
and can you tell us, uh... Here, you‘re a magic user like myself. Um, maybe
you could tell me, when you say [static], I only hear [static].
Do you know why that might be?
Black Spider: Uh, that‘s a tricky situation, isn‘t it? Here, this‘ll be fun. The
reason you can‘t hear it when I say [static] is because the [static].
Magnus: Uh-huh.
Black Spider: [static] Cause actually, [static] so you won‘t be
able to [static] until you [static].
Magnus: I caught all of that.
Clint: God, I bet your mic looks like a giant booger right now.
Griffin: I wasn‘t doing it with my nose.
Clint: Oh.
Black Spider: So, unfortunately I‘m going to find the solution unequita—
uh, unequitable, uh, unsatisfactory, and I uh… I‘m afraid that this is where it
ends.
Travis: I charge him!
Black Spider: Okay!
Griffin: He was not surprised by your action. Let‘s roll initiative. Let‘s get it
on.
Travis: I got, uh, seven.
Justin: Whoa, natural 20 here!
Griffin: Holy shit!
Clint: Uh…
Justin: So 22 for me.
Clint: 16! Oh, yeah, 16!
Griffin: Cool. Top of the order is Taako.
Justin: What is he… now, is he on the edge of something?
Griffin: No, he‘s nowhere near close to the edge of the pit.
Justin: Like, how far is nowhere close—
Griffin: This room is really big. I mean, he‘s like a good 50 feet away.
Justin: Okay. Alright. Perfect. I am going to cast burning hands on the
webbing.
Griffin: Okay. You also have… you have that spell sculpting, right? So that
you don‘t immolate this woman?
Justin: Yes.
Clint: Right.
Justin: Yes, exactly.
Griffin: What is that—I mean, she has advantage on the saving throw,
right?
Justin: When I cast an evocation spell that affects other creatures I can
see, I can choose a number of them equal to one plus the spell‘s level. The
chosen creatures automatically succeed on their saving throws against the
spell and take no damage.
Griffin: Okay. Well, she‘s the only bonus target there, so…
Justin: Yeah, right.
Griffin: And you don‘t really need to attack. The webbing can‘t make a
saving throw. It‘s webbing. It‘s not sentient.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: So yeah, if that‘s how you‘re spending your action.
Justin: That is how I‘m spending my action.
Griffin: Cool. You burn away the webs. She collapses to the ground but
gets back up to her knees. She is conscious, and she looks at you sort of
quizzically again. She doesn‘t know why you have done her this solid, but
she says…
Orc: Wow, thanks!
Justin: Does she still have any sort of weapon as far as I can see?
Clint: Like the thing with the big button on it?
Justin: Or her crossbow? Is her crossbow gone?
Griffin: Her crossbow has been taken by the Black Spider. I just rolled
initiative for her, though, so maybe on her turn, we‘ll find out.
Justin: Excellent. Okay.
Griffin: Okay. Next in the order is the Black Spider, who, on his turn, is
going to reach into a sack that he has, and he pulls out this weird, little fistsized, throbbing pod that he smashes on the ground in front of him. And
then—
Travis: Have you guys noticed how much in D&D is very sexual and
creepy?
Clint: ―Throbbing? 
Griffin: There‘s a lot of things that—
Travis: He reaches into his sack and pulls out his throbbing pod? Really, Griffin?
Griffin: The pod explodes in a puff of green smoke, and from the ceiling,
through cracks in the ceiling, crawls a gigantic literal black spider that climbs
down a web and jumps in front of the figurative spider.
Taako: Oh, I get it!!
Griffin: And comes through this—
Justin: I just said that out loud.
Griffin: Okay, great.
Travis: Compare it size-wise.
Griffin: In the distance, you can hear the sounds of spores being shot into
the air. Uh, size-wise? It‘s—it is twice as tall as you.
Travis: Oh.
Griffin: It is a very goddamn big spider.
Travis: Got it.
Griffin: That is his… uh, that is his move. Dad, you‘re next in the order.
Merle. Now you got two black spiders.
Clint: Hmm. I am going to—
Griffin: Spoiler alert – this is—you‘re in final boss territory, so…
Clint: What?
Travis: So burn them spell slots.
Griffin: This is the Sephiroth of this adventure, so…
Clint: Alright, I am going to cast sleep on the dark elf Black Spider.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Can we just call him Brian‘?
Griffin: Yeah, Brian.
Clint: Brian.
Griffin: You know what sucks, though? The actual literal spider is actually
also named Bryan.
Travis: But it‘s spelt with a Y.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: So Brian-with-an-I, I‘m going to cast sleep on Brian-with-an-I.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Says I roll 5d8?
Griffin: Oh, shit. Okay?
Justin: What?
Travis: And then what?
Griffin: And then you just have a number.
Clint: And the total is how many hit points of creatures this spell can affect.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Clint: So I roll the d8 and multiply by five? Right?
Griffin: No.
Travis: Roll it five times.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Roll it five times. Okay.
Griffin: Do it real quick.
Clint: Three!
Griffin: Kay.
Clint: Four!
Griffin: Seven.
Clint: One!
Griffin: Eight.
Clint: Two!
Griffin: Ten.
Clint: Seven.
Griffin: 17. That is not gonna do it.
Clint: Kay.
Griffin: So now—but now you know Brian-with-an-I has more than 17 hit
points.
Travis: The more you knowww!
Clint: My plan is working!
Griffin: That was a reconnaissance bad spell! Next in the order is—
Clint: Wait wait wait wait wait! I just realized something. This works within
a 90-foot action on all of the creatures.
Griffin: Oh.
Clint: Within.
Griffin: Uh, the—the—
Clint: Ninety feet.
Griffin: Bryan-with-a-Y also has more than 17 hit points.
Justin: Excellent. Great, great afternoon so far.
Griffin: Next in the order is the orc woman, who reaches into her pocket,
pulls out that buzzer, and says…
Orc: Here goes nothin‘!
Griffin: And clicks it down, and another ball of energy, uh, pops out of it,
and actually flies through the giant iron door. And she says…
Orc: Oh! Hm. Okay.
Griffin: And then you hear an extremely loud pound at that door. It‘s
actually, like, a few rapid-fire poundings. Uh… Sorry again for this very
sexual language. It‘s very rapid fire, like… Against the door.
Clint: Like Sheldon, on Big Bang.
Griffin: Come on, you can‘t keep referencing Big Bang Theory during this
podcast!
Clint: I spelled it with two Gs!
Travis: Oh, okay.
Griffin: It‘s the Big-guh Bang! The door stands fast, though. And that is the
end of the orc woman‘s turn.
Justin: Can I use a free action to ask her her name, so we don‘t have to
keep doing this?
Griffin: Keep calling her the orc woman?
Justin: Yes.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s fine.
Taako: What‘s your name, dear?
Orc: My name is Killian. Uh, nice to meet you. Can we do the spider stuff
now?
Clint: Does it take an action—
Killian: Tell me about—no, come on, now that we‘re into this, tell me about
your dad. Is that what you wanna do right now? With the double spider
situation?
Clint: Can we open the door as a free action?
Griffin: You would have to figure out how. It‘s very, very, very big. It‘s, uh,
it‘s like…
Clint: So it‘s not the door we came through?
Griffin: No, no, no.
Travis: It‘s the giant one that we can‘t figure out how they got it down
here.
Clint: Okay, so it‘s not the grinder reanimated—
Travis: Wait, I got this, guys.
Magnus: Hey door, open!
Travis: Did that work?
Griffin: It didn‘t work, no.
Travis: Ah, fuck.
Clint: Because somebody didn‘t remember his ―please and ―thank you. 
Travis: Oh.
Magnus: Please open, door!
Travis: Does it say push or pull?
Griffin: No, there‘s no dwarven writing.
Travis: Is there a crash bar?
Clint: Alright, forget the door I guess.
Travis: So is the spider up now, or am I up now?
Griffin: Sorry… yeah, it‘s Magnus.
Travis: Great. I‘m gonna jump on the spider‘s back.
Griffin: Oh, shit! Okay. How‘re you—I guess an acrobatics check?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: It‘s gonna make an opportunity attack against you if you do this.
Travis: Oh. Okay. Well, then, instead…
Justin: Do it!
Travis: Okay, so what I‘m gonna do is attempt to run past, and get one of
the legs of the spider with my chain and trip it.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s interesting, why not. So you‘re gonna… it‘s a very big
spider. So you‘re gonna try and like, pull an Empire Strikes Back, like, AT-AT
sweep maneuver.
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: M‘kay. Interesting. I don‘t know how, physically, that‘s gonna work.
Travis: I‘m very strong.
Griffin: You‘re gonna just try and like, whip it around one of its legs as you
run by it and just sort of pull real hard?
Travis: Yeah!
Griffin: … M‘kay.
Travis: Listen, it‘s not a great idea, but it‘s a Magnus idea.
Griffin: Yeah, y‘know what, that idea is decidedly Magnus. I guess—
Travis: Can I use my point of inspiration?
Griffin: Sure. I guess you‘re gonna make an attack with the chain.
Travis: Okay. So unarmed, or…
Griffin: Well, you won‘t be proficient, so just roll and make a strength
check, I guess is what it‘s gonna be.
Travis: So that‘s a nine… 13… Um, yeah, so, 13.
Griffin: That‘s not gonna do it. Do you wanna use your inspiration to roll
again?
Travis: Yes. Okay, so that‘s an 18.
Griffin: Yeah. Okay so you manage to whip this chain around one of the
spider‘s legs, and you pull real hard. Uhh, I guess make another strength
check, now that you‘ve got the chain around it, to see if you have the
strength to—
Travis: That is 20.
Griffin: 20? Okay. Yeah, fuck it, why not? You pull really hard on this spider. You don‘t like, flip it over or
anything, but the, uh, this side, it‘s—the four legs on this side sort of give
out, and it sort of is prone now.
Travis: Cool.
Griffin: So, good job. You knocked a spider over.
Travis: And then I‘m gonna use my action surge to attack it with my
battleaxe two handed.
Griffin: M‘kay, what‘re you attacking? There‘s a lot to attack.
Travis: I‘m gonna attack his underbelly.
Griffin: Its underbelly is not exposed. You didn‘t flip it over.
Travis: Oh. What does being prone give me? Is there—
Griffin: You‘ll have advantage on the attack.
Travis: Okay. Well then, I‘m going to attack its eyes.
Griffin: Okay, so you‘re gonna whip right back around and get to eye town.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Okay. Go ahead and make a…
Travis: No, that‘s not gonna do it. That‘s uhh… an 11, so…
Griffin: Nope.
Travis: Advantage… 18?
Griffin: Yep. That beats his AC.
Travis: Great!
Griffin: Go ahead and do damage.
Travis: 1d10… so that‘s ten.
Griffin: Ten.
Travis: On its eyeballs.
Griffin: Good eyeball hit. He has lots of eyeballs, so you may have carved
out a couple of them, but he still has more than enough to… to look. Do all
of his looking.
Travis: But still. Did damage, knocked him prone.
Griffin: Yeah, good job.
Merle: Yay, Magnus!
Griffin: Okay. That is the end of the round. You hear another clamoring at
the giant iron door, which has already started to buckle a bit, in the little,
uh, in the, in the middle. Um… My throat gets so sore doing this goddamn
podcast.
Clint: That‘s cause you‘re saying [static] every 30 seconds.
Travis: It‘s so much adventure.
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s all the adventure, it‘s wearing on my chords. Yeah, so
this door has started to bend and buckle in the middle a little bit.
Magnus: We‘re going to have to get a contractor in here.
Griffin: Next, top of the order. Taako.
Justin: I‘m gonna cast magic missile on the spider.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Not very creative, but that‘s where Taako‘s at today.
Clint:―This is what Taako is into now. 
Travis: He‘s a real meat-and-potatoes wizard.
Taako: Taako today is about—he‘s about efficiency.
Griffin: They can‘t all be chain, AT-AT sweep the legs Johnny maneuvers.
Justin: I‘m just gonna—how about I shoot magic ouchies at
him until he dies from it?
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: This is how we do.
Griffin: So you make an attack? Or, no they just automatically hit.
Justin: Yes.
Griffin: M‘kay. Go ahead and roll your damage.
Justin: And they dooo…
Griffin: 1d4 plus one.
Justin: Yeah. Three 1d4 plus one. Okay. Two… four…
Griffin: No, we‘ve already established that all three do the same damage.
Justin: Okay, so three times three, nine.
Griffin: Nine. Okay. Uh… yeah, he didn‘t like it.
Justin: I wouldn‘t think so.
Griffin: Next in the order is team spiders. Team Brian. What does Brian
even do, what‘s his story? I bet he‘s got spells. He does! Okay. Bryan-witha-Y… wait, which one is Magic Brian? I‘ll just call him Magic Brian.
Travis: Brian-with-an-I.
Justin: An I.
Clint: I.
Griffin: Magic Brian looks at Taako and goes…
Magic Brian: Oh! It‘s very interesting. Is that—what is it called, magic
missile? Is that what that was? It was unrecognizable, because this is
how I usually do it.
Griffin: And he points his staff at you, and uses magic missile.
Justin: Is he shooting all three at me? Because he can do whatever he
wants.
Griffin: Oh yeah.
Travis: Maybe a couple he throws at the big spider just to like, show that
he can.
Griffin: You‘re in a magical wizard duel. You‘re in a wizard duel, Harry. That‘s a three. So three times three is nine, plus the
extra three damage is 12.
Justin: What‘s—what‘s the extra three damage?
Griffin: Cause it‘s plus one.
Justin: Uh, okay. That takes me to zero.
Griffin: Oh, shit!
Travis: Really?
Justin: Yep. Only had 12 hit points.
Griffin: Brian goes…
Magic Brian: What‘s up now?
Clint: I really thought they were getting along, too.
Justin: Me too.
Griffin: So you‘re not dead, but this is the first time we get to learn about
death saving throws. Isn‘t that exciting?
Justin: That is thrilling. What do I do?
Griffin: Well, you have to do it on your turn.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: But that‘s it for Magic Brian. Spider Bryan is going to stand up and
attack the person right in front him, which is Magnus.
Travis: Hello.
Griffin: Hi. Um…
Travis: Hi, Spider.
Griffin: You have a weakness to spiders, right?
Travis: Oh yeah, that‘s right. I‘m afraid of spiders.
Clint: Oh, this patch is not working out for you, bud.
Travis: No, that was addressed in-game last time, that I‘m not a fan of
spiders.
Griffin: So I‘m gonna give the spider advantage on the attack.
Travis: Sweet. That‘s super cool.
Griffin: Um…
Travis: Cause the giant spider needs all the help he can get.
Griffin: He is just gonna sort of rear back and come forward at you and
snap his spider teeth right at you.
Travis: Mandibles.
Griffin: His mandibos.
Griffin: Uh, that‘s a nine plus five, 14.
Travis: No.
Griffin: Kay. And that is a 14 plus five, so 19.
Travis: Ahh, that hits. His mandolins got me.
Griffin: You take… you take five piercing damage and four poison damage.
Travis: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Oh, I‘m sorry, you make a constitution saving throw before you
take that poison damage. Go ahead and do that.
Travis: That is constitution… seven.
Griffin: No.
Travis: So I‘m going to take nine damage.
Griffin: And, uh… okay, you‘re fine. There‘s extra stuff it does if it kills you,
but it didn‘t. So you‘re cool. That is it for the spider turn. Next up is Merle.
Travis: Ditto, could you real quick explain how saving throws work before
we get to Justin‘s turn, so if Dad and I need to do something?
Griffin: Just real quick – Juice, whenever you start your turn with zero hit
points, you must make a special saving throw called a death saving throw to
determine whether you creep closer to death or hang on to life. So you will
have to make one on your turn. It‘s basically the same as it was last time, or
in the last edition.
You make three—you make a saving throw. If you get three successful ones,
then you‘re alive. If you make three failed ones, you die forever. But people
can help you out of it before that. If you are healed, you can be helped out
of it, there‘s a lot of different ways you can be saved. Okay?
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: What kind of a saving throw do I do, though?
Griffin: You just roll a d20. If it‘s above 10, you‘re good.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: I want—I think whatever‘s on the other side of that door is gonna
help us, and I think it would be worth opening the door. So thaumaturgy
allows me to instantaneously cause an unlocked door to fly open.
Griffin: Okay. Okay. Sweet-ass. You point your magic symbol at this giant
iron door. Do you say any dope shit when you do it?
Clint: Yes. I do. I say…
Travis: ―She thinks my tractor‘s sexy! 
Merle: For the—by the hoary hordes of Hoggoth!
Griffin: M‘kay. I imagine that‘s some like, old man, like, Conan shit. But—
Clint: It‘s Doctor Strange, man. If Cumberbatch doesn‘t work out, I‘m there
for Marvel.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘ll be perfect casting. You point your holy symbol at the
door. It is enervated with magical, or spiritual energies, and it flies open.
And behind it, a light pours through, blinding all of you. And as your eyes
adjust, you realize that they are headlights that are fastened to the front of
a giant, mechanoid, bipedal robot, essentially. That has—
Travis: Iron Giant!
Griffin: That has four arms. It‘s not exactly Iron Giant, it‘s not that sort of
human figure. It—
Clint: Suuupermaaan.
Griffin: Almost looks like a tractor with legs.
Travis: Is it sexy?
Justin: What‘s the—
Clint: Kenny Chesney!
Justin: What‘s the robot‘s name?
Griffin: The robot‘s name—oh, should I do another Twitter?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: The robot‘s name is, uh… the robot‘s name is Renee.
Justin:Renee?
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s Renee. Renee the Jackhammer Robot. And I call it Renee
the Jackhammer Robot because you can also see, in lieu of arms, it has two
giant jackhammers. And as soon as these doors fly open, it sort of flexes its
jackhammer arms and sprints full speed towards the giant spider and just…
rams right through it. Just—just stabs right through it. Both arms.
Clint: Yes! Haha!
Griffin: Keeps running, and dives right into the pit with the spider impaled
on its arms.
Clint: Sweet!
Travis: And Brian-with-an-I just goes, ―Well, shit. 
Justin: Hatchi matchi, I wish we—
Magic Brian: Bryan! Bryan-with-a-Y, no! He‘s—
Clint: And he jumps in after him!
Magic Brian: He was my favorite spider boy…
Justin: In retrospect, I wish we‘d been attacking Magic Brian this whole
time.
Griffin: Yeah. Magic Brian‘s feeling right as rain. Magic Brian is so,
so desperately sad. By the way, when this—
Travis: He takes ten points of sad damage.
Griffin: When this robot did its epic spider tackle maneuver, it just barely
avoided stomping on Gundren.
Travis: That‘s good.
Griffin: But he‘s fine. Yeah! I just wanted you guys not to worry about
Gundren. Cause it doesn‘t—
Travis: Oh, we weren‘t. I forgot he was over there.
Griffin: Okay, yeah, good. Cause I also thought that might also be the
case.
Justin: Alright, let‘s keep moving.
Griffin: Next in the order is… Next in the order is Killian, who doesn‘t really
have a whole lot of options at her disposal. She pulls out the animator again
and clicks down on the trigger, but nothing happens. So she just says—she
just sort of walks over to one of the giant iron doors and sort of tucks behind
it. She says…
Killian: Good luck, guys!
Merle: Typical orc.
Killian: If you find my crossbow, let me know, but uh, I‘ma… I‘ma go ahead
and let y‘all handle this. See what—see what you can—see what you can do!
Griffin: And that is the end of her turn. Next in the order is Magnus.
Travis: Okay, I‘m going to rush to the side of my beloved Taako.
Griffin: Oh!
Travis: And I say…
Magnus: Now, this may be a little cheesy, but I can‘t let you go.
Travis: And I pour my potion of healing betwixt his lips.
Griffin: I‘m gonna need you to describe that a little bit slower.
Clint: Yeah.
Travis: And he wakes up, and the word ―cheesy is what‘s stuck in his
head.
Clint: It‘s another clue!
Justin: Griffin, grant me cheese!
Griffin: Alright… Okay, I‘ll grant you the word cheese. You can‘t possibly
understand the idea of cultured milk.
Justin: Okay, I‘ve written cheese question mark— On my sheet, so we know I‘m—that‘s just in my head. ―What does
that word mean, cheese? 
Griffin: How does a healing potion work? Trav, do you know?
Travis: No. I just have it written down.
Clint: Where did you get it?
Travis: We got it from the Klaarg! We got three potions.
Griffin: You gots to write that shit down. ―When you drink this potion, you
regain 2d4 plus 2 hit points. So, Juice, if you wanna go ahead and resolve
that…
Justin: Is that my roll?
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Wait a minute, while he‘s unconscious, can I check his stuff?
Justin: No. That‘s a 4!
Travis: Now, Ditto, is the potion—
Justin: That‘s an eight. Ten! Ten points!
Griffin: That was a good roll.
Justin: Back in the fucking game.
Travis: Is the potion of healing a minor action, or is that my action?
Griffin: Well, the fact that—if you had given it to him, probably not, but the
fact that you actually used it on him.
Travis: Administered it.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s gonna be your turn.
Travis: Great. Terrif‘.
Clint: That‘s brotherly love right there.
Travis: And Magnus looks at the cleric and says…
Magnus: So, now it‘s your turn to attack, cause I did the healing.
Justin:Whose turn is it, Griffin?
Merle: I‘d like to point out, though, that I killed the spider, okay?
Magnus: No, you did great! I just saved our wizard. So… Magnus: He does
it all.
Clint: The guy that‘s been stealing shit for the entire adventure.
Griffin: I think actually Renee the wrecker bot is the one that—
Clint: Uh, no no no no no, on we go.
Justin: Let‘s keep—come on.
Griffin: Next in the order is actually you, Taako. You can—
Taako: Excellent.
Griffin: So you are prone, but you can stand up for half of your movement.
So you can stand up and still—
Justin: Well, I‘m not going anywhere.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I stand up to my full, wizarding height.
Clint: Which is 2 foot higher with the hat.
Justin: Yup. Excellent. And then I shout…
Taako: Abraca-fuck-you!
Justin: And I cast magic missile at him! Four! Oof. Oof, how does 15 points of damage taste?
Griffin: You actually—you blast him back a ways. The force of this spell
hurts him a lot. He goes flying backwards, and he lands fairly close to the
edge of the pit near Gundren. And he stands up and he is… man, all jacked
up. He is bleeding from both nose nostrils. His shit is wrecked, but he is still
alive. He says…
Magic Brian: It seems like you learned well from me, maybe. Did you 
maybe take a few pointers from my rad magic missile? Or was that a Taako
original?
Taako: I—I actually already said my one cool thing, darling.
Magic Brian: Oh, I see.
Taako: I don‘t have another… another thing.
Magic Brian: I understand completely.
Clint: Y‘know, when they make a movie about this, Mike Myers is gonna
play both of em.
Justin: Mike Myers will play all the roles. He‘ll play all of us.
Magic Brian: It seems to me—it seems to be my turn.
Griffin: I keep sort of oscillating between like, Taako and German. I want
to really land in the German wheelhouse. Let me try again.
Magic Brian: Ah yes, it seems that, ah… it seems that my goose might be
cooked, huh? Ah, so, ah, just one more trick up my sleeve, and we‘ll see
how you respond to this.
Griffin: And he grabs Gundren by the scruff of the neck—
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: —and rolls off into the pit with him.
Travis: Oh shit!
Griffin: But then you see, at the same time, two small dwarven hands
reach up and grab the pit. Reach up and grab the edge of the pit. And then
you see two more small dwarven hands reach up and grab the side of the
pit. And almost simultaneously, two Gundren Rockseekers pull themselves
back up onto stable ground.
Clint: Who would‘ve seen that coming?
Justin: I didn‘t.
Griffin: And, one Gundren Rockseeker, we‘ll call him the Gundren
Rockseeker on the right, looks at the other one and says…
Right Gundren: Oh my god. Okay. I… I think I see what he‘s trying to do
here. Listen, you have to understand, I‘m the real Gundren Rockseeker.
You have to believe me. I—I can tell you anything you wanna know about
the Rockseeker clan, I can tell you anything you wanna know about
Phandalin. You have to believe me, I‘m the real Gundren Rockseeker.
Griffin: And the Gundren Rockseeker on the left says…
Left Gundren: No, you must believe me! This fellow on the right here is an impostor, I‘m the real
Gundren Rockseeker!
Travis: How do we tell them apart?
Left Gundren: Ask me anything you want to know about dwarves.
Travis: But which one‘s the real Gundam‘ Rockseeker?
Magnus: Is it possible… that he has cursed the other Gundren Rockseeker
to sound German and weird?
Left Gundren: That is exactly what he did! That is a bad boy! He‘s a bad
boy with lots of—all kinds of sinister magicks!
Travis: I walk over and kick that one into the pit.
Griffin: Which one?
Travis: The one who just talked.
Magic Brian: Oh nooo! The mystery is solved! You‘ve solved my final riddle! You are the new riddle masterrr…
Clint: Geez, how deep is that pit?!
Justin: How loud is his voice?
Magic Brian: Congratulations… You have proven yourselves quite the adventurers… oh, I‘ve landed on Bryan… Bryan, ahhh… Bryan, I‘m so proud of them. I‘m going to die now… my life is flagging
from my body… I‘ll see my family… goodbye cruel world…
Justin: I cast magic missile at him again!
Magic Brian: Agh, that‘s very bad news… ow, ow, ow, oh, no!
Clint: And the Academy Award goes to… Brian!
Griffin: That was great shit.
Justin: That was good acting.
Griffin: That was primo.

[BAL5]

Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone…
The door opens, and exiting from it is a young orc woman, who is holding
the biggest crossbow any of you have ever seen.
Taako: What‘s your name, dear?
Killian: My name is Killian.
Griffin: Lying precariously close to the edge of the pit, you see the one, the
only, Gundren Rockseeker.
Clint: Gundren…
Justin: Gundren!
Griffin: And across from her is a drow, a dark elf.
Taako: Who are you?
Black Spider: I‘m… I‘m the Black Spider.
Taako: What is your, uh… what‘s your Christian name?
Black Spider: It‘s Brian, darling. Don‘t tell me— are you here also for the
[static]?
Magnus: No…?
Justin: I shout…
Taako: Abraca-fuck-you!
Justin: And I cast Magic Missile at him.
Griffin: Okay.
Black Spider: I‘m going to die now…
Announcer: I‘ll drink up all the potions that you‘ve got on your shelf, so
just let me introduce myself. It‘s The Adventure Zone!
Justin: Is—so there‘s a big door? Is that the only exit the one that—
Griffin: Yeah, well, I‘ll set up the scene. I‘ll start with some word magic. That‘s just how I like to—
Travis: Wordomancy.
Griffin: So the three of you have just finished a very intense battle with—
Travis: We‘re all eating a power bar, drinking some Gatorade.
Griffin: You‘re eating some Luna Bars to just like, get your vitamins, your
minerals, uh, essential… oils, all from these wonderful Luna Bars. This
week‘s episode is sponsored by Luna Bars. They‘re like Clif Bars, but… they
won‘t make you as constipated. 
So you‘ve just finished this battle. Killian comes out from—she was hiding
behind the open, giant iron-wrought door, because she had been disarmed.
She walks out and sort of surveys the scene. And you can tell she is
incredibly impressed. She says…
Killian: I cannot believe… you guys pulled that off. The—Brian, Magic Brian,
is one of the most accomplished, powerful wizards I have ever met in all of
my days. I—I am flabbergasted, frankly, that we all did not perish.
Magnus: Yep.
Taako: Well you‘re welcome, I guess. I guess we‘re pretty much rad.
Griffin: She walks over to the edge of the pit and looks down and goes…
Killian: Um. Uh. If you‘ll excuse me, I need to recover something very
quickly. None of you go anywhere.
Griffin: She looks at all of you and Gundren.
Magnus: Hold up, hold up. Before… alright, Killian. Before you go
anywhere, what is all of this about?
Killian: I promise I will tell you as soon as I am literally able to. Right—
right now, I—I absolutely can‘t. It‘s not that—
Magnus: Sounds legit.
Killian: I want to—
Taako: Now listen, I have a little bit of um, uh, expertise with the magics.
I‘m assuming this is some sort of a… curse that‘s preventing, uh, further
discussion from taking place.
Killian: You‘re not even—you‘re super, super wrong. You‘re like super,
duper wrong.
Taako: Listen, let me roll to see if I‘m right.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: It came up R!
Griffin: I‘m looking—
Taako: It came up R for right!
Griffin: She reaches into her sack and pulls out a feather duster, and she
says…
Killian: BRB!
Griffin: And taps herself with it, and—
Justin: Sorry, just to clarify, does she say ―BRB ?
Griffin: Yeah, she says ―BRB! 
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Brrrrbp!
Griffin: ―AFK! She taps herself with the feather duster and is, uh, her
silhouette is sort of surrounded by a faint, gray light, and she jumps into the
pit. And you see her as long as you can see her before she is enveloped by
the pit. She‘s falling very slowly.
Travis: Okay, I turn to Taako and Merle.
Magnus: Okay, here‘s the thing, fellas. There‘s definitely something that—
there‘s a thing that they‘re talking about that we can‘t, like, mentally
comprehend, right? I have—
Taako: Alright.
Magnus: We have to find out what‘s going on. There‘s some other level to
this cave. Why did they need his blood? What is going on?
Griffin: Gundren stands up, he‘s bedraggled, and he says…
Gundren: I might be able to, uh… elucidate you.
Taako: Oh, thank goodness.
Clint: What‘s his health condition?
Gundren: Bad. It‘s very bad.
Travis: He also smokes two packs a day.
Gundren: I—I drink MGD 64—
Travis: Oh no.
Gundren: Three—I drink a six-pack a day and then I eat the bottles. I‘m
real fucked up over here.
Travis: ―I‘ve been eating corning insulation for years. 
Griffin: Then he says…
Gundren: But uh, you guys have done well. Much better than, uh… I‘ll be
honest, much better than I thought you were. This job has brought some
unforeseen circumstances, but you guys followed through, and—where‘s
Barry, by the way?
Magnus: Oh, he‘s good.
Merle: He‘s hanging out back at the bar.
Gundren: Typical Barry, right?
Merle: That‘s Barry.
Magnus: He said he had to wait for his order of chicken wings and then
he‘d meet right up with us.
Gundren: That motherfucker loves him some chicken waaangs. Uh, just,
uh… I might need your help still. Come with me.
Justin: Can I ask an out-of-character question? Why does no one besides
Griffin and I have character voices? It would really make this a whole lot
easier.
Travis: I am my character voice.
Griffin: And a whole lot less unlistenable. That‘s just what—Travis sounds
like Magnus!
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: And Dad‘s—
Travis: Well I would—I think you‘ll find that Magnus and Travis have a lot
in common.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. Vis-à-vis battleaxes.
Travis: And love of dogs.
Griffin: So, Gundren leads you through these giant, open, iron-wrought
doors, which opens up into a large chamber where Renee the jackhammerbot was being stored.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: And through another smaller, more normal set of doors, and into a
very short tunnel that opens up into another room, that is, the defining
feature I would say of which is, on the far wall a large, round, metal door.
And this one looks a little bit more complicated than the one that you just
passed through. This one has some gears peeking through sort of the metal
casing of the door. It looks like a pretty sophisticated contraption. And I
want all of you to make perception checks.
Travis: Wait… 12.
Justin: Natural 18 plus… three, 21.
Clint: 19.
Griffin: M‘kay. Taako, in the corner of this room, you actually see a figure
that is sort of huddled down and as you approach it, you can kind of get a
better appraisal of what this figure is. It is a skeleton, that is sort of sitting
comfortably. It looks like it was positioned comfortably in the corner of this
room, just sitting with its back up against the wall.
It is draped in a bright, crimson robe and holding what looks to be some sort
of cane, with a, you know, curled end in one hand that is a bit obscured by
its robe, it‘s a bit tucked into its robe. But it‘s just sitting there. But whoever
this was, they have been dead for a very long time. And Gundren kind of
just looks at that figure and walks over to the door and starts starts looking.
Looking at it, looking inside the machinery, seeing what he can do.
Travis: Griffy, do we need to roll to see how comfortably he‘s sitting?
Griffin: He looks like he was chill. It looked like he maybe just sort of sat
here, and was kicking it, and just sort of wasted away.
Justin: Is it—are there any clothes or anything besides just the bones
there? Or is there any like distinguishing—
Griffin: That‘s what‘s weird, it‘s just the robe. Any clothes that this person
had on is gone. It‘s just the robe and the cane that it‘s holding.
Justin: Okay, I wanna check out the robe. I‘ll search the robe for any clues
or anything.
Griffin: You look over the robe, it just seems to be a plain robe. You can‘t
really figure out how it survived when the rest of this person‘s clothing sort
of eroded away, but there are—there‘s nothing tucked away in the pockets
or anything.
Travis: Where‘s the skeleton looking?
Griffin: The skeleton is actually looking toward the entrance that you guys
walked in through.
Clint: Can I check out the cane?
Griffin: You can, sure. What are you doing?
Justin: I haven‘t told him about this guy yet.
Griffin: That‘s a good point. Justin—Taako is the only one who‘s sort of
seen this figure.
Taako: Dad, there‘s a guy over here with a cane.
Clint: Is your father here?
Travis: He‘s your dad?
Justin: Okay.
Taako: Uhh, excuse me, whichever one you are, the d… dwarf, there‘s a
cane here to look at.
Merle: Oh, I‘ll check it out.
Taako: No, that won‘t do. No, no, no. No, the mouth words that you just made there can‘t be
a sound I‘m exposed—
Merle: How come you can have a voice but I can‘t?
Taako: I have to sit next to you.
Merle: But you‘re sitting next to me!
Taako: I‘m literally sit next to you, I can‘t—
Merle: Blah, blah, blah.
Taako: I can‘t handle that. Literally.
Merle: Alright, how‘s this? I‘ll go check out the
cave.
Taako: It‘s getting worse. Now you‘re Tom‘s of Maine. I don‘t need a, uh, that voice, nothing,
none of it.
Travis: Okay, while Laverne and Shirley argue in the corner, I‘m gonna—
Clint: I‘m gonna check out the cane!
Justin: He‘s gonna check out the cane. Uh, I—can I—Griffin, this is a weird 
question, so I will ask it to you. Is there… are there like—is there any way to
know if there‘s like, the robe‘s worth taking with me? Like if there‘s stats or
something? Stats on it.
Griffin: Yep, I mean, when you surveyed it, you sort of figured out that it‘s
just kind of a robe.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: Is there any kind of like sense magic or something that wizards can
do?
Clint: I have sense magic.
Griffin: There‘s an arcana check.
Justin: There‘s a spell, there‘s a—I have a detect magic spell, but I don‘t
really wanna do it, because I think I would have gotten a five.
Griffin: You also have an arcana check that you can make.
Justin: Oh, I‘ll make an arcana check. Why not?
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: It just seems to me that there‘s something about this staff and robe
that, why is everything else… rotted away, but it‘s remained.
Justin: Uh, arcan—oh my.
Griffin: Probably pretty good.
Justin: I got a one, so I don‘t know if it‘s—I try to eat it, but I can‘t.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Since I‘m lookin‘ at it, can I do an arcana check?
Griffin: Yeah sure, screw it.
Clint: I got a two. 
Travis: What‘s your plusses?
Griffin: None of you can quite figure this out.
Travis: Wait, I‘m gonna roll now. Hold on.
Griffin: You‘re gonna make a fucking arcana check?
Travis: I got an 11.
Griffin: Okay, it‘s magical, the cane.
Travis: Sweet.
Clint: I‘m gonna take the cane.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Wait, hold on. Just cause it‘s magic doesn‘t mean it‘s good magic.
Clint: Alright, wait a minute. I know what you're gonna say, but I‘m gonna
do it anyway. I‘m gonna cast detect magic.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Would that not identify the magic? ―Use your action to— 
Griffin: I already told you it‘s a magic cane.
Clint: ―You learn its school of magic, if any. 
Griffin: You cast detect magic on the cane, and your mind starts to sort of 
swirl. You get like, dizzy and faint, because detect magic is a pretty basic
spell that you‘ve used quite a few times, but you‘ve never really gotten a
response from it like this, because the response you got was… everything.
It‘s all schools of magic. It‘s all of the magic that there is. Seems to be
somehow embedded in this cane.
Travis: Cool.
Justin: Cool.
Taako: So what did you, what did you—what kind of vibe did you get from
it?
Merle: Well I‘ll tell ya, pilgrim.
Taako: I‘m dying. I‘m literally dead. Rest in peace.
Travis: You were the one who wanted character voices!
Taako: I take it all back. Taako didn‘t, Justin did!
Merle: I‘m uh, I‘m kind of, uh, mind-blown right now. It‘s
like kind of hard for me to—to concentrate. I think I oughta wrap this in
something and carry it instead of holdin‘ on to it.
Taako: Well, wrap it in the robe, that‘s a good idea.
Merle: Oh, let‘s wrap it in the robe.
Taako: Wrap it in the robe.
Clint: Alright, I wrap it in the robe.
Taako: And bring it along.
Griffin: Even through the robe, as soon as you touch the cane, you feel a
sort of jolt go through your body. And I—
Travis: Like the soft drink?
Griffin: No. And I want you to actually enter into an intellect contest with
the cane.
Clint: Fine.
Griffin: So, you‘re gonna roll a d20 and add your intellect modifier.
Clint: Alright, hold on one second…
Griffin: Oh Jesus, good luck.
Clint: 19.
Griffin: I also rolled a 19.
Justin: Wait, wait, wait, he‘s also got an intelligence modifier, right?
Clint: Zero.
Justin: Zero.
Griffin: The cane has a plus two. So the cane actually beat you out. You
are flung backwards by a wave of force, and you just sort of thunk into the
far wall of the room, and you‘re gonna take 1d4 damage from that.
Taako: Oh golly.
Griffin: That‘s two damage that you take. So it‘s—it almost feels like the
cane has rejected you.
Taako: Let me give it a whirl. I‘ll try the exact same thing that he just did.
Travis: Okay, I want to paint a picture for what just happened. So Merle
grabs it, gets flung across the room and takes damage, and Taako goes, ―My
turn! And just reaches for it!
Taako: I live like I‘m dyin‘.
Merle: Owww…
Taako: Let‘s do this! You‘re fine.
Merle: Owww!!
Taako: Walk it off! Walk it off.
Griffin: Uh, okay, you have a much better chance this time.
Travis: I would like—also like to picture that the whole time this is
happening, Magnus is just looking at the door as a dwarf flies across the
room behind him.
Griffin: What did you get?
Justin: 12.
Griffin: Okay, I only got a six. Um... So you have bested this cane. And
suddenly, it‘s almost like the goddamn quickening happens in this room.
There are bolts of lightning shooting out of Taako as he pulls this cane from
the grip of the skeleton. And as you remove it from where it sort of had it
enveloped in its robe, as you pull it out, you realize that it wasn‘t actually
the end of a cane – it was the handle of an umbrella. 
And you pull this umbrella from the skeleton‘s grasp. The skeleton actually
looks up at you, almost like it‘s acknowledging your presence. And as you
finally wrest it from its grasp, the skeleton and the bright crimson robe both
disintegrate into ashes.
Taako: … So now I have an umbrella.
Merle: I‘m in a lot of pain over here.
Taako: Uhh… you‘re a cleric, right?
Merle: Oh yeah.
Taako: Walk it off.
Griffin: You realize that Gundren is sort of looking at Taako agape, like…
Gundren: What the shit. What the shit was all that lightning stuff about?
And the magic umbrella? You guys are crazy!
Magnus: Oh hey, nice umbrella!
Justin: I look at Gundren and say…
Taako: Handle it! That‘s how I do.
Griffin: Okay so, Gundren says uh… Gundren puts his hand on the door.
And very slowly, the gears of the door start turning. And while those gears
are turning, he looks at you and says…
Gundren: You guys deserve some answers.
Magnus: Yeah!
Taako: Please.
Magnus: And some money.
Gundren: Well, maybe. Yeah I—yes. Okay. Um. My father…
Clint: Wait, hold one second. I have a thing called zone of truth…
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Sure you do.
Clint: In the zone of truth, it‘s a 15 foot radius… I gotta tell ya, this—I think
it‘s important we get the truth outta my cousin here.
Justin: No, I think that‘s a great play, go for it.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Alright, I have to, um…
Griffin: You say, you say, ―Hold on one second, Gundren. Excuse me for a
second. Aaachoozoneoftruth! You try to hide it under your breath.
Clint: Alright.
Travis: ―What did you say, zone of truth? ―I did. Shit. I meant to lie.
Awww. 
Clint: He‘s gotta make a charisma saving throw.
Griffin: Okay. He‘s probably not especially charismatic, we‘ll say he has a
plus zero. What does he have to beat?
Clint: Hold on.
Griffin: Probably a 13, right? He rolled a four, plus zero is four, so he‘s
telling the truth now?
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: Okay. Uh…
Gundren: Whoa… did you guys feel that?
Magnus: Feel what? Nope.
Griffin: Well, you would have to tell the truth.
Travis: No, only he‘s feeling it!
Griffin: Is it targeted, or is it everybody in the zone? Are we all telling the
truth now?
Clint: Everybody in a 15-foot radius—
Travis: Aw, dammit.
Gundren: Did you just cast some sort of magic spell on me?
Merle: Yes!
Gundren: Okay! That‘s weird, I don‘t really cotton to that, but
uh—
Merle: Well, I‘m pissed off because you‘re the one that sent us on this
mission to get our asses kicked, 'cause you just admitted you didn‘t think we
could do it!
Gundren: You‘ve got every right. Listen, we‘ve gotta get through this
fuckin‘ episode—
Taako: I stole a bunch of gold! I stole a bunch of gold, there was a whole thing of gold—
Merle: He did! He did! I wasn‘t supposed to see him but I saw it!
Travis: Wait, is this compulsive truth or is it just like when we speak?
Taako: I—I—I opened my mouth to lie about gold. I was just gonna remark about how we haven‘t found any gold this
whole time and how we were really upset about it, but I‘m sorry! I found a
bunch of gold and here‘s a third of the gold!
Griffin: Gundren gives a—
Magnus: I‘m having a really great time and I think we‘re becoming closer
as friends!
Griffin: Gundren looks over Magnus, he‘s like…
Gundren: That‘s very sweet. Your boots look weirdly familiar, where did
you get those?
Taako: We stole your magic boots!
Magnus: They were given to me as a gift!
Merle: Shut up, Taako!
Taako: We stole your magic boots, too!
Magnus: Nope!
Gundren: Oh, those were Tharden‘s magic boots, I think. Aw, I hate—
Taako: We stole Tharden‘s magic boots…
Merle: He‘s dead!
Gundren: I hated that guy, keep 'em. Yeah, I know. I‘m not crazy about
that. Anyways, exposition time. My father, Cyrus Rockseeker, was the—
Merle: My uncle.
Gundren: Your uncle, yes, was in charge of security for Wave Echo Cave.
And when the orc marauders came to destroy Phandalin and seek out the
Wave Echo Cave and take it over, he managed to very heroically lock away
all of the magical items, magical weapons, equipment, trinkets, everything,
away in the mine‘s personal vault, which is here behind me. Unfortunately,
in order to do so, he also had to… lock himself in. So he sadly sacrificed
himself.
Taako: You okay?
Magnus: You know for a zone of truth, you‘re using a lot of adverbs. How
do you know it was sadly? That‘s not truth, that‘s subjective.
Gundren: I was a bit sad about it. Fine. Some would say sadly, uh, he
sacrificed himself to lock away all of the treasures of this vault.
Merle: So he goes all Scrooge McDuck, how long ago?
Gundren: Uh… this was about a decade ago.
Merle: Damn those orc marauders.
Gundren: Yeah there‘s no way that I‘m gonna open this door and have a
happy family reunion, but fortunately—
Travis: I lean over to Taako.
Magnus: Can you eat gold to stay alive?
Griffin: No answer to that? Just too dumb. Too dumb to answer.
Taako: Too dumb—I was worried that if I answered, he might
respond, and that would prolong the conversation. Even for a second.
Griffin: The door makes a few definitive clunks, and Gundren says…
Gundren: Fortunately, this door is attuned to Rockseeker blood. Um, so I
can open it up and we can have ourselves a field day with the treasures and
weapons and everything within.
Clint: I just wanna point out to 'im that a few minutes ago—pee works too,
as we found out at the spring. He could pee on the door if he wanted to.
Taako: Yeah, so if you need to pee…
Gundren: I‘m totally cool, thanks for asking though. Kind of a weird
question, kind of a weird request. I‘m regretting letting you guys into this with every passing
second, but um… anyway, here we go.
Merle: Too much honesty.
Griffin: The door rolls open revealing a very small passageway that, unlike
the rest of this cave, is actually kind of dark. You remember, the rock walls
of the rest of this cave are sort of illuminated. They sort of have a natural,
magical glow about them. But for some reason, whatever‘s at the end of this
cave this passageway is pitch-black. And he says…
Gundren: Well, here we go.
Griffin: And starts to walk on through.
Magnus: Okay, some kind of light source in the tunnel may be a good idea.
Clint: Is that your voice?
Travis: That‘s my Magnus voice.
Griffin: I just—
Justin: Oh my god.
Griffin: I think—I‘m making a DM decision, trademark, DM decision right
now that Taako‘s the only one that gets a voice.
Travis: Okay, fine.
Clint: Wait a minute!
Griffin: Nope, it‘s decided.
Clint: Alright, I‘m gonna cast light. It‘s a cantrip.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: It gives a 20 foot radius around us.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Uhh, brightly, and then another 20 feet dimly. And just because I
can, I make it a pale lavender.
Griffin: How nice!
Travis: That‘s nice.
Clint: I can choose the color.
Taako: Calming!
Griffin: That‘s really, really romantic. Okay, so the four of you walk down
this passageway, and as you step foot into the vault‘s main chamber, you
notice a lot of very strange things very quickly. The first of which is, as you
step foot into the chamber, the sound from the ground underneath is not the
sort of soft crunch that you‘ve sort of come to expect from the cave and
mine floor. It‘s like a 'plink!‘ Like, hold on, I‘ve got a glass here, so… Like that. And you look down and realize that you are in fact walking on
black glass, almost like obsidian. And as you look around, you realize that
that is actually the composition of this entire chamber. It is a large, I would
say, about 60 feet in diameter, almost dome-shaped room that is completely
made out of obsidian, it looks like, black glass. And Gundren looks up and
says…
Gundren: Something‘s not right.
Griffin: And starts to walk in towards the center of the chamber. And as
you move towards him, you see a single figure that is dwarven in shape, but 
it‘s so badly burned. Burned all the way through, almost like charcoal, with
one hand sticking up in the air, with, on its hand, a silvery glove. A silvery
gauntlet.
Taako: Okay, wha—
Travis: I high-five him.
Griffin: Okay. You reach over and high-five the silvery gauntlet.
Clint: Say bro in Dwarvish!
Griffin: Wh—and how do you—and what is that?
Clint: Say bro in Dwarvish.
Griffin: Well, I‘m asking you to bust that out for me.
Clint: Okay. Bushka.
Griffin: I think that‘s actually Russian.
Justin: Or Klingon.
Griffin: Or Klingon. For 'big wolf.‘
Clint: Orb. Say 'orb.‘
Griffin: Okay. So you high-five this silvery gauntlet, and a spout of flame
actually comes out of the gauntlet and burns your hand.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: And you actually take two damage.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Fire damage.
Taako: Good going, dipshit!
Travis: Sounds about right!
Griffin: Gundren starts to look over this dwarven figure and says…
Gundren: This is my pop.
Justin: Sorry, just to clarify, is this figure like, moving, alive…
Griffin: No, it‘s dead as fuck.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Super dead. Super burned up.
Justin: M‘kay.
Griffin: Um. He looks at it and goes…
Gundren: That‘s my pops. That‘s my dad.
Taako: Do you know anything about the glove that he‘s wearing?
Gundren: It seems like some sort of magical artifact, but everything in
this—this room is supposed to be filled with magic weapons, and impossible
armaments that— I don‘t understand what‘s going on!
Griffin: He‘s getting very, very, very angry.
Clint: I noticed! And that was almost a voice.
Taako: Cal—calm down there, bucko.
Griffin: I‘m allowed to do voices, just not you guys. Except for Taako.
Because he‘s found it, y‘know what I mean? Once you‘ve found your voice,
you can bring it to the table, but this is not workshop time.
Justin: Do I see anything else in the room?
Griffin: No.
Clint: Well, you need a perception check.
Justin: Is there another exit? Is there just the one door?
Griffin: Just the one door. It‘s a vault, so it would only have the one very
secure door that you already passed through. But no, this lone, crusty,
crumbly figure wearing the gauntlet is—in the very sort of epicenter of this
room, is the only thing here.
Justin: Okay, um… I—
Travis: Don‘t high-five it!
Justin: Got it. I wanna get the the umbrella near the glove and see if
there‘s any kind of reaction, or if I get any sort of magical vibe of a
connection between the two.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you whip out the umbrella, and you point it at the
glove, and there doesn‘t seem to be any kind of response between the two.
Travis: Try flipping it open a couple of times.
Griffin: You hear from behind you, a voice go…
Killian: What did I tell you?
Travis: See?
Clint: I know who that is.
Griffin: You turn around and it‘s Killian. And she is—she looks very
disappointed in all four of you. Killian says…
Killian: I told you guys to stay put! Don‘t—I don‘t understand why you
keep being so difficult. I don‘t understand why any of you are here!
Taako: We got bored!
Magnus: You left for—it was like, like four hours it felt like!
Taako: You left for—it was like, literally minutes!
Killian: It was like—it was a minute and a half!
Taako: We got bored.
Killian: It was 90 whole seconds! You guys couldn‘t stand still for 90 whole
seconds.
Magnus: I don't know, why do you do the stuff you do?
Taako: Yeah.
Merle: Like try to kill us.
Taako: Yeah, we didn‘t think it would be a good podcast. I know what you‘re thinking.
Griffin: She, um…
Clint: Goodbye fourth wall!
Griffin: She surveys the room and sees the gauntlet in the middle,
and says—and pulls out her crossbow, and says…
Killian: Everybody, very slowly… none of you have high-fived that thing,
have you?
Magnus: Nooo.
Merle: Nooo, god, no.
Justin: Are we still in the circle of truth?
Clint: Oh yeah, are we still within 15 feet of where we were?
Griffin: No no no, that was in the other room.
Clint: Boo…
Griffin: She says…
Killian: Everybody step aw—that is—that‘s what I came here looking for. It
is… indescribably dangerous. Everybody, step away from the enchanted
gauntlet, please.
Taako: Just to clarify—
Merle: You‘d have to be a complete idiot to high-five it!
Taako: Did we get a verdict on high-fiving it? Definitely a thumbs down?
Griffin: It didn‘t seem to work out so great for Magnus.
Travis: Well, maybe it‘s supposed to be a low-five. Huh? I‘ve solved it.
Griffin: Gundren is standing very close to the gauntlet. And he looks at
Killian and says…
Gundren: Are you guys here with this filthy orc?
Taako: Hey, just—
Magnus: Whoa, hey!
Taako: Hey, cheese it with the racism, Gundro! We‘re all just one
brotherhood of man.
Merle: He‘s an orcist!
Griffin: Killian says…
Taako: That was orcist, it was!
Griffin: Killian just says…
Killian: Did you just call me filthy, dude?
Magnus: Hey everybody, um, we‘re gonna take just two steps back, real
quick, and calm down here.
Griffin: And Gundren says…
Gundren: This gauntlet, everything in this vault, is my birthright. There‘s
no way I‘m giving this thing up to you.
Griffin: And Killian says…
Killian: Don‘t test me. Don‘t test me! Had a real long day. I got all webbed
up in the other room, hated that.
Clint: Gosh, Griffin doesn‘t even need us anymore. 
Travis: Yeah, we‘re just standing off the side, doing like the tennis match
look back and forth like, ―How‘s this gonna play out? 
Griffin: Gundren says…
Gundren: Boys, you‘ve served me very well. I have one last job for you. I
need you to take her out.
Griffin: And Killian says…
Killian: Hooold up! Not so sure about that decision. Doesn‘t seem like a
good one.
Magnus: Now hol—stop. Everybody stop. Gundren, do you know why this
room is empty and there‘s a gauntlet on, like, a dude‘s hand?
Gundren: I don‘t know why this is the only thing in this room.
Magnus: Okay, cool.
Gundren: But I know that it‘s mine.
Magnus: Killian, do you know why that is?
Killian: I have a pretty good goddamn idea, yeah.
Magnus: Okay, so Gundren, how about we chill the fuck out, and we find
out what‘s going on?
Taako: Killian, are you able to talk to us freely at this point?
Killian: I can‘t—I can talk to you as much as you—here, d—here, this might
answer your question. That thing is called the [static].
Magnus: Mm-hmm.
Taako: So, so yes—
Magnus: It‘s called the maraca sound.
Taako: I‘m not great with subtlety or comedy.
Killian: It‘s not called the maraca sound. I can‘t tell you what it is.
Gundren, step. Off. You are done. You‘re done. We‘re done here.
Griffin: And Gundren says…
Gundren: Or, better idea…
Merle: Unless—
Griffin: And he reaches over very quickly, snatches it up, and puts it on his
right hand.
Magnus: Okay, this goes well.
Griffin: And the—his dad crumbles over and he says…
Gundren: Oh man, I feel really bad about—
Griffin: And he is engulfed in flame.
Travis: ―I regret this immediately! 
Griffin: But very quickly, the flames subside… and he‘s not dead.
Taako: He‘s fine!
Griffin: He‘s not all burned up. He‘s—I wouldn‘t say he‘s fine. His hair is
standing on end almost.
Travis: Like Yahoo Serious?
Griffin: A little bit Yahoo S—yeah, I mean, that is his hair style.
Travis: Okay.
Taako: Gundren, how do you feel?
Gundren: I feel… powerful.
Merle: Pretty!
Gundren: I feel so pretty, and witty—
Griffin: And Killian says…
Killian: Well, shit.
Griffin: And shoots her crossbow at Gundren. But he puts his hand out, the
hand with the gauntlet, and the projectile burns up before it can reach him.
Travis: Cool.
Griffin: And Killian says…
Killian: Everyone, get away… from the fiery dwarf now.
Clint: So we have to choose…
Travis: I charge the dwarf.
Griffin: Okay, Merle, you charge the dwarf, and as he sees you coming—
Travis: You mean Magnus.
Griffin: Oh, sorry.
Clint: Sounds like the choice has been made.
Griffin: Magnus, you charge the dwarf, but just as he sort of stopped that
projectile, he puts his hand out and knocks you back with a fiery wave of
force. And you—
Travis: I take how much damage?
Griffin: You take, uh… Five damage, actually.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: Holy crap.
Griffin: You go sliding across the glass floor, and he says…
Gundren: I‘m done with this.
Griffin: He says…
Gundren: It‘s payback time.
Griffin: And he, quick as a cricket—what‘s the thing? What‘s a fun idiom for
things that move quickly?
Clint: Bunny.
Griffin: Quick as a child‘s wish, he, uh… Flies out of the chamber through the door you came in, in a, uh…
just sort of surrounded, almost like he himself has turned into a dwarven
fireball. He goes flying out of the room. And Killian says…
Killian: That went about as shitty… as it possibly could have gone. Great—
'grape‘ job you three.
Travis: And Magnus sits up and says…
Magnus: I almost had him!
Griffin: She says…
Killian: We need to get him, and we need to find him, and we need
to stop him, before he destroys the whole world.
Magnus: Okay.
Killian: Y‘all down?
Magnus: Super clear.
Taako: Sure.
Merle: Well, okay…
Killian: I‘m not going to lie, this is super above your pay grade.
Taako: Hey, um, Killian, I‘m detecting that that glove was magical.
Killian: Yep. Again, very, very studious. You are a p—very powerful wizard
to pick up—
Taako: Oh, well thank you.
Clint: Oh, she‘s invoking the power of sarcasm.
Justin: By the way, I haven‘t told you guys this. I made a character choice.
Griffin: Oh, what‘s that?
Justin: Taako‘s an idiot. Like, he is a wizard… he is dumb as hell. So when he saw that
glove, once he flew out in a big fireball, that is when it clicked in his head
that that might be magical. That might be a magical artifact.
Travis: So he‘s very learn-ed, but a little bit not quick on the uptake.
Griffin: Should he may—is it possible that—
Justin: Dumb as hell.
Griffin: —maybe he was destined to be a different class?
Justin: Right.
Griffin: Like maybe he was more suited for like, the barbarian lifestyle?
Justin: He was so stupid, that he went into the wrong area at Hogwarts
and he was just like, ―I guess magic. 
Griffin: The sorting hat was like, ―You should be like a lumberjack or
something, and you‘re like, ―No, I wanna magic, and so that‘s where you
are.
Justin: Yeah, exactly. Where are we at?
Clint: Glad we have that backstory now.
Justin: Saving the world. Right.
Griffin: Hey everyone, this is your dungeon master, Griffin McElroy, with a
really quick mid-episode break. Not a lot to talk about this week. Not a
whole lot of new announcements. But just wanted to give some information
about the show, because otherwise, it would be weird if Merle was like,
―Check out our Tumblr! Um, that‘s my impression of my own dad, I guess.
I've never really done it before, so that was live.
I announced this last week, but if you haven‘t checked it out yet, we have a
website. Uh, TheAdventure.zone. Seen a few people say on Twitter, it
doesn‘t load. That‘s because you put in Adventure.zone, and we were not
fortunate enough to grab that prestigious URL. It‘s TheAdventure.zone. It‘s
gonna take you to our Tumblr where we have a bunch of really cool fan art,
a couple of character sheets, some info about the game, and the show that
we do.
Hopefully, when we get a little bit more free time, we‘ll be able to keep that
more consistently updated. But right now, that‘s sort of your source for
when we publish new episodes and info about the game itself.
Uh, we are on Twitter @TheZoneCast. If you want to tweet about the show,
use the hash tag, #TheZoneCast. Not #TAZCast. We‘ve abandoned that
hash tag, 'cause it sucked.
We‘ve also got a Facebook fan page. It‘s just The Adventure Zone. You can
find it on Facebook, the way that you find fan pages, which I guess is you
search for them? But we‘ve had a few people post some pretty great stuff in
there. So if you're looking for even more ways to socialize with us digitally,
there‘s one for ya right there.
I've also had a few people this past week tweet at us, asking why we didn‘t
do an episode last week. Uh, I probably haven‘t been super clear about this,
but we are doing episodes twice a month, every other Thursday. That means
that, by the time you're hearing this, the next episode that‘s gonna go up is
January 29th. So yeah, we skip a week. 
We‘ve also had a few people ask if the show could become a weekly thing.
Honestly, right now, no. Uh, just because it takes a shocking amount of time
to uh, prep this, for me to be the DM and put the story and everything
together takes a while. And then we record for a super long time, and
editing all that down, uh, takes a long time.
Also, there‘s four of us, so y'know, scheduling more play sessions is kind of
tricky for us right now. So right now, it‘s gonna stay every two weeks, and if
that looks like it‘s gonna change, you will be the first to know.
I want to say a huge thanks to Glen Weldon on Pop Culture Happy Hour, the
great NPR podcast, for recommending The Adventure Zone on the latest
episode. We really appreciate it, and we‘ve had a lot of people say that they
found the show through that. If you're one of those people, thank you.
Thanks for tuning in. And if you're not one of those people, thank you.
Thanks for tuning in.
We‘ve had a really, really, really great start. I'm kind of flabbergasted at
how well the show is doing, how many people are tuning in. We could still
use your help if you want to kick in an iTunes review, or y'know, just a
recommendation to a friend, or tweeting about the show. I don‘t think we
did any Twitter names this week, but next week‘s episode, I think we have
one, and then the episode after that, we‘re gonna have a ton. 'Cause it‘s… it
is exposition time, y‘all.
Um, but thank you all very much for tweeting about and recommending the
show. If you want to keep doing that, we super, super duper appreciate it.
One last thing – if you do want to donate to the show, become a Maximum
Fun subscriber and support our community of podcasts, uh, which includes
thinks like My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Sawbones, and Bunker Buddies,
three other shows that myself, Justin, and Travis all do… well, some of us do
some of them. It‘s complicated.
But we are all on that network, and so are like, more than a dozen truly
fantastic shows like Jordan, Jesse, GO!, Oh No, Ross and Carrie!, The Goose
Down, a lot of really terrific shows on the network. I love being a part of it. 
We‘ve been a part of it for years now, and it is just a great home, and an
amazing source of free entertainment.
If you want to become a supporter, you can go to MaximumFun.org/Donate,
and you can find all kinds of details about how you can help us make a little
bit of money off this thing.
Anyway, that‘s enough for me. We‘re gonna get back to the adventure. Um,
I know I said last week that this was gonna be the last episode in this
particular story arc, but uh, actually, we have one more, just because the
session went very long. So next week‘s episode is gonna be the last one in
this first story arc that we have titled 'Here There Be Gerblins.‘ And then, the
two weeks after that, we‘re onto something new. Well, same characters and
everything. Same campaign, just the next chapter, 'cause that‘s how we‘re
organizing it.
Anyway, that‘s enough. Uh, back to the story. Back to the full crew. Thank
you all for listening, and enjoy! The four of you, Killian and you three, backtrack through Wave
Echo Cave pretty effortlessly. There are no extra bonus jellies for you to spar
with. You make your way out, and it‘s pretty easy to track Gundren‘s
movements through the cave, because he has left a charred path behind.
Travis: He has gone Super Saiyan.
Griffin: He‘s basically gone Super Saiyan. Only fierier, I guess? More burny.
Travis: Like Weekend At Bernie‘s?
Griffin: Kind of. You all make it out of Wave Echo Cave, and—
Travis: To find him congo‘ing on the beach, because music is playing!
Griffin: Uh-huh. Andrew McCarthy is—Andrew McCarthy? What is that dog‘s
name?
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Clint: Yep!
Justin: And the single-guy… John Silverman.
Clint: Silverman.
Griffin: And Steve Guttenberg. You all manage to follow the path out of
Wave Echo Cave and—
Justin: That was not a Steve Guttenberg film. That was Gutten-free.
Griffin: Aw man, my joints really lock up when I see a Steve
Guttenberg movie. It‘s really painful. So you make it out of the cave, and his
fiery warpath extends beyond the cave. You manage, with Killian‘s help,
because the three of you are dullards that can‘t like, follow a path of blazing
fire… you manage to—
Travis: Now hold on! Hold on, I don‘t want to make this character choice
for everyone, that‘s Taako‘s character.
Griffin: Okay. That‘s Taako‘s character. Magnus, you‘re actually the
smartest one of the bunch.
Travis: Yeah!
Griffin: Which seems unlikely. All your class choices—
Clint: I don‘t wanna make that character choice either!
Griffin: If only you guys could sort of rotate classes one to the right, I think
you all would probably be a lot better off. But you follow the fiery path, and
after a few miles—
Clint: Would you call it a swathe of destruction?
Griffin: A swathe of burnt—I mean, all that he‘s destroyed is like, some
plains.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: 'Kay.
Justin: So there are planes?
Griffin: There are plains, yeah—
Justin: Like airplanes?
Griffin: You‘re trekking back, and after a few miles, you realize that this
path that—this trail that he is literally blazing is heading back towards
Phandalin.
Travis: I knew it.
Clint: Uh oh.
Travis: He‘s going for Barry Bluejeans, you guys.
Griffin: You think he‘s going to kill Barry—he‘s, he has to assassinate Barry
Bluejeans? That‘s his life goal?
Travis: No I think he‘s gonna go form up, like, Barry‘s his buddy. He‘s
gonna go pick up his teammate.
Griffin: Killian says…
Killian: This is… this is bad. We can‘t let him get—if he gets to Phandalin,
it‘s gonna be pretty horrible. We gotta stop him before he gets there.
Griffin: The four of you are in the cart, by the way, that you borrowed from
Barry Bluejeans, that you rode to Wave Echo Cave. So, you‘re making pretty
good time. You‘re not exactly sure the speed comparison between…
Clint: Fireballs and wagons?
Griffin: Fireball dwarf and a wagon, but you think you‘re making pretty
good time.
Magnus: Why doesn‘t Killian just use her magic feather duster to make us
all lighter so then it moves faster?
Killian: It doesn‘t work like that.
Griffin: She says.
Killian: Stop! Stop thinking you know how magic things work. You‘ve
proven pretty inept at it.
Magnus: Can we high-five the cart to make it go faster?
Killian: You can try, yes. If that—
Griffin: She‘s just exasperated—
Killian: Yeah, oh yeah, that‘ll do it. Oh, yes, you‘re saving the day,
Magnus! Keep high-fiving the cart, I guess! Keep high-fiving the—
Magnus: I‘m doing it as hard as I can!
Taako: This is not a joke, I cast sleep on Magnus. I just can‘t, I can‘t—
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: I can‘t, I can‘t.
Travis: It instantly works.
Justin: That‘s four… five… nine… ten… 14.
Travis: Nope.
Justin: How many hit points do you have?
Travis: 17.
Justin: Oh there‘s—wait, I forgot there‘s one more. Eight! Okay, 25.
Travis: Okay, yep, sleepy-time.
Justin: Magnus is asleep.
Griffin: So yeah, you were successful in putting Magnus to sleep.
Clint: Aww.
Travis: He‘s sending him out to a farm and he runs and plays!
Justin: You‘re asleep, you‘re asleep.
Griffin: Nope, you‘re done. Sleepy—
Clint: You‘re asleep.
Griffin: Sleepy time.
Travis: But Travis isn‘t asleep!
Griffin: Justin, can—
Justin: I cast sleep—I cast sleep on Travis.
Griffin: Oh my god, it‘s getting real, it‘s getting real! The four of you in the
wagon are getting fairly close to Phandalin, and you—
Travis: Magnus wakes up, puts his shoes back on.
Griffin: Uh, no, this is actually fairly soon after the sleep spell was cast.
So… um…
Justin: Still asleep.
Griffin: Sleep lasts for how long?
Justin: 'Til I wake him up.
Griffin: I don‘t think that‘s exact—I think it only last—
Justin: It says it puts him into a magical slumber. There—it doesn‘t
define—
Griffin: For one minute.
Justin: What, really?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Oh.
Justin: Oh, god.
Clint: Should‘ve killed him.
Justin: What a waste.
Griffin: Killing him is like a sleep that lasts a long time! The four of you in this wagon crest a hill. You‘re about four or five
miles outside of Phandalin at this point. And as you do, you actually see…
one of the most harrowing signs of destruction that Gundren has wrought.
Everything else has been, y‘know, he‘s burned down some trees while
blazing a path towards Phandalin.
But here, as you look down, you actually see a convoy of wagons that had
been completely destroyed. Completely burned out. They were like
Conestoga wagons, so just sort of the framing of the wagons remains. There
are a few cinders actually still burning in some of the wood of these wagons.
They‘re completely destroyed.
And you see, laid out next to them, a few charred bodies that you make out
to actually be orcish. So you think that Gundren has sort of exacted some
level of vengeance on orcs, who he is just not a big fan of.
Clint: Yeah, he‘s an orcist. He really is.
Griffin: He really is a big orcist.
Travis: You realize that when someone is a racist you don‘t, like, call them
blank-ist for each person they hate, right? He‘s still just racist.
Clint: When did you wake up?
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: The spell only lasts for a minute, but like, Magnus actually got very
comfortable. So now—
Clint: Can we see Thundren?
Griffin: Gundren?
Clint: Gundren.
Griffin: No, because the path has blazed past this wagon. He did his—
Clint: But he has not made it to town yet?
Griffin: He did—you can‘t tell. You can‘t really see Phandalin yet. He did his
business here, and then he managed to keep moving on. You actually see
that not everybody in this scene is dead. You see four human figures who
are sort of picking over the remains, and they have their own wagon with
them. They‘re sort of scavenging through this burned out convoy.
And actually, it‘s an open wagon that they have, and you can see in the back
of it a cage with an adolescent orc boy in it. And he‘s locked up and he‘s just
sitting there. Yeah, you‘re too far away, you‘re about 80 feet away from the
scene, so you can‘t really hear anything, but you get the impression that
these are scavengers who are taking whatever valuables they can from this
scene.
Clint: And apparently kidnappers.
Griffin: And—Killian sees this, and says…
Killian: Aw Jesus. I know we‘re in a hurry. It‘s up to you guys. It‘s your
call.
Clint: What‘s our call?
Travis: Whether we stop and help or not.
Justin: Is there anything to fight?
Clint: Actually, I think what he‘s wondering is, is there anything for him to
secretly steal when nobody‘s looking.
Justin: No, I—no.
Travis: Okay, Magnus rushes over.
Griffin: We should change the name of the podcast to… 'Magnus Rushes In‘
is now the name of the adventure.
Travis: Listen, I‘m playing my character the way you‘re supposed to. I
value action over thought. I rush in to help the boy in the cage.
Griffin: Okay. You rush in, and…
Justin: Are there still fires burning anywhere?
Griffin: Uhh, no, they‘re very minor fires. You don‘t need to do any, um…
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: You don‘t need to, y‘know, get out the extinguisher or anything.
You rush in, and you see these four scavengers. They are dressed in pretty
raggedy clothes but they have, y‘know, swords, daggers, some weapons on
them. And one of them turns away from the cart and sees Magnus rushing
towards and say…
Scavenger: Oh hey, some guys, yo, hey! Slow your
roll! Slow your roll, pard‘ner! Uh, we‘re just—we‘re just pickin‘ the bones of
this scene, we didn‘t do any of this, we promise. We‘re just tryin‘ to—four
honest, y‘know, fools tryin‘ to make a buck, tryin‘ to turn a buck in this hard,
cold world. Certainly y‘all three can sympathize with that.
Clint: Alright, how far away are we?
Magnus: I respect your motivations, and we don‘t have a lot of time for
this. Give me the boy and we‘ll be on our way.
Scavenger: Aw, what‘re you gonna do with a orc boy, huh? You gonna—
you gonna train him up to be your ward? He‘s not some pet dog that you
can adopt. I know how bad you want one of them. What‘re you—
Magnus: Then why do you have him in a cage?
Scavenger: For sellin‘!
Taako: What do you think happens to him after you sell him?
Scavenger: That‘s not my problem. I get the money for sellin‘ the boy!
Taako: Listen, I‘m gonna give you to three. We really got a lot to do.
Griffin: He says…
Scavenger: I‘m ah—I‘m gonna say some cool shit now.
Griffin: He says…
Scavenger: Me n‘ my posse gonna give you ta two!
Griffin: And, all—
Magnus: We‘ll give you to one!
Scavenger: Well how 'bout this? Zero, motherfuckers!
Griffin: And they all draw their weapons.
Travis: Cool.
Clint: I cast thaumaturgy!
Justin: Wait no, you gotta—
Griffin: No, it‘s—
Justin: You gotta roll for initiative.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Oh.
Justin: Yeah, it‘s gotten to this point.
Griffin: Battle time. You just—the screen just sort of got like all pixelated
and you heard the, duh nuh nuh! And that‘s how you know that like, you‘ve
just entered into a random encounter.
Travis: Are—do we think that for Magnus taking his nap, that was his short
rest to regain hit points?
Griffin: Yeah, you guys were all on a pretty long ride, so we‘ll say that
counted as a short rest. It was a very restful ride. So you guys can roll hit
die to—
Justin: Except for the fact that we were following the trail of flaming dwarf,
it was all really chill.
Clint: I rolled a 17 initiative.
Travis: I did as well.
Griffin: Who has the higher—what are your modifiers?
Travis: Mine is plus two.
Clint: Mine‘s minus one.
Griffin: Okay, so Travis goes first.
Clint: What did Travis have?
Griffin: You guys have the same score, but in the case of a tie, whoever
has the highest modifier goes first. Juice, what‘d you get?
Taako: 15!
Griffin: 'Kay.
Justin: That was in character, he just said 15 and no one knew why. Roll to see if they‘re unnerved.
Travis: ―They‘re shouting numbers, get outta here! 
Justin: Griffin, when you have four opponents like this, do they each get
their own initiative roll or do they just sort of act collaboratively?
Griffin: I roll an initiative roll for each discrete type of enemy you‘re
fighting.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: So if you were fighting some bandits, and a bear, and a bugbear…
but there were like 14 bugbears, I would only roll one bugbear roll.
Clint: But right now we‘re fighting the equivalent of dumpster divers, right?
Griffin: These are actually ruffians, bandits.
Clint: Ohh.
Griffin: Yeah. These—
Clint: Rrruffians.
Griffin: These people aren‘t too worried about their carbon footprint as
much as they are, y‘know, plundering. Pillaging. First in the order is actually
Killian. Killian says…
Killian: Let‘s keep thi—
Travis: Wait, what‘d Taako roll?
Griffin: Taako rolled a 15.
Justin: 15 and I shouted it out loud.
Griffin: Killian got a natural 20. She goes…
Killian: Hey guys, let‘s try and make this quick.
Griffin: And then she whips out her crossbow and fires a projectile. This is
the first time that you‘ve really seen her giant mega-crossbow in action,
where it hasn‘t been sort of stymied by a flaming magic dwarf. And it fires a
bolt a size of, uh, a short spear at the lead ruffian that was trying to
intimidate you with his countdown.
She rolls a 12 plus six, which is 18, which beats their armor class. And it
does… oh god, 14 points of damage. He—the bolt hits him, and it actually
sends him flying back about ten feet. It is a very powerful blow, and he
lands prone, but still alive. Next in the order is Travis. Oh wait—hold on wait,
I wrote a T… Yeah, that stands for… that‘s Magnus.
Travis: Okay, I‘m gonna two-handed battleaxe at whichever one‘s closest
to me.
Griffin: There are two sort of close to the wagon where the thing is locked
up, which is also—
Travis: The thing?
Griffin: The—where the orc boy—
Travis: Griffin!
Griffin: —is locked up. That‘s about 20 feet away where the now injured
ruffian just landed. There‘s another one that sort of had that guy‘s back
who‘s probably the closest. He‘s about ten feet out from you.
Travis: Great. I step up to him. Two-handed battleaxe. Oh wait, gotta roll
the right dice… uh, 24.
Griffin: Oh yeah, god.
Travis: And it does 1d10 plus four… 13 points of damage.
Griffin: Holy shit.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: As you approach him, he‘s like…
Ruffian: Bring it on, tough-guy!
Griffin: And then you hit him and he‘s like…
Ruffian: Don‘t— Hold up… ohh, hold up. Oh dang. Ohhh dang. Oh dang…
Clint: Is this Jesco White?
Ruffian: Ohhh daaang.
Griffin: He‘s alive, but… but dang. Next in the order is Merle. You got
two severely wounded ruffians, and the two by the cart that are still full
health.
Clint: Okay. I am going to cast thaumaturgy. It‘s a cantrip, which allows
my voice to boom up to three times as loud as normal for a minute. And I‘m
going to yell…
Merle: There‘s only four of 'em! Platoon… one, attack from the east!
Platoon two, attack from the west!
Clint: Which echoes down the hill.
Griffin: The two full-health ruff—I‘m gonna say you‘re making an 
intimidation check. Why don‘t you actually roll that? And I‘ll give you
advantage since you made your voice very loud and believable.
Clint: Okay, let me check.
Griffin: And these guys are gonna make a… we‘ll say an intelligence check
against, they have minus one intelligence, so that should go fairly poorly.
Yup!
Clint: You said an intelligence check?
Griffin: They‘re making an intelligence check to combat your intimidation.
Justin: Yeah, your intimidation.
Clint: Oh, okay.
Griffin: Cause you‘re lying to them, essentially.
Clint: Uh, nine.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: What would be his modifier on an intimidation check, Griffin?
Travis: Intimidation is one of the skills.
Griffin: There‘s an intimidation skill.
Justin: Oh.
Clint: Uh, plus three. So 12.
Griffin: They only got a four, so that is sufficient. The two ruffians by the
cart look at each other, they look at the boss who‘s lying on the ground with
a spear-sized bolt in his stomach, and say…
Ruffians: What do we do?!
Griffin: He‘s like,
Scavenger: I don‘t—I don‘t know man, I gue—I guess… I guess go check it
out?
Griffin: And so the two ruffians split off to the east and west and start
running in either direction, looking for these reinforcements to come.
Taako: Guys, did you hear that? Did you hear from the hills? There‘s an
army supporting us! I think we‘re gonna win this thing!
Magnus: Yeah, Taako, definitely. 
Clint: Dear, sweet Taako.
Griffin: Next in the order is Taako himself, the man, the myth, the legend.
Taako: The fuck, I don‘t even have to do anything! Roll to chill! Chill check!
Justin: No, I‘ll go ahead and I‘ll give 'em a little magic missile.
Griffin: To which one? You‘ve got two injured ones, and the other two have
run off‘d.
Justin: They‘re splitsville. I‘ll do two bolts for one of the injured, and one
bolt for the other one.
Clint: Really badly injured one.
Justin: And that‘s a D…
Griffin: It‘s a d4 plus one. You only roll it once, and that‘s the result that
you use for all of them.
Justin: Four.
Griffin: Four damage? Yeah you don't even need two bolts on either of
those two dudes. They were—they had three and two health respectively, so
they are both nixed. Stevie Nixxed, these two are. Congratulations, you
solved my bandit puzzle.
Travis: Alright, we pop open the cage, say, ―Hop in the cart, 
check their cart real quick. Any good shit?
Griffin: Um…
Justin: This is good. Now we own a boy.
Travis: No man can own another man, Justin! We‘ve freed a boy who‘s
chosen to join us rather than stay out in the woods by himself.
Clint: He‘s an orcling.
Griffin: Are you—so you‘re freeing the boy? You‘re freeing the orc boy?
Travis: Yes?
Justin: Yes?
Griffin: Okay. You find some keys on one of those two dead bandits and
you pop open the cage, and the orcish boy doesn‘t… seem especially
grateful? He sort of barely even acknowledges your presence, and he—
Clint: So he‘s a teenager?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: He‘s moody, he‘s listening to his Nirvana tapes… and he just sort of
starts to walk away. He just walks away.
Clint: So he‘s an emorc?
Magnus: Okay, bye!
Griffin: That was pretty good. Killian is like,
Killian: You ungrateful little whelp!
Griffin: Whoa wait, that‘s my Gundren voice. I‘m getting groggy already!
She says…
Killian: Wow what a… what an ungra—what an ingrate. What a jerk. Gah,
kids these days. Orc kids these days, I tell ya.
Taako: Did you know him?
Killian: Are you kidding—now who‘s the orcist? ―Yeah, d‘you, oh, do you,
uh, do you know Steven? He‘s an orc, too. 
Clint: ―He‘s orc, too! 
Killian: ―Hey, I know an orc named Steven, do you know him? That‘s what
you sound like right now, Taako!
Magnus: We don‘t have time for this.
Taako: I… I don‘t know a Steven.

[BAL6]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
As you step foot into the chamber, that is completely made out of black
glass, and as you move towards him, you see a single figure that is dwarven
in shape, but it‘s so badly burned; with, on its hand, a silvery glove. A
silvery gauntlet. Gundren reaches over very quickly, snatches it up, and puts
it on his right hand. And he is engulfed in flame.
Travis: I regret this immediately!
Griffin: He goes flying out of the room, and Killian says…
Killian: We need to get him before he destroys the whole world.
Griffin: The four of you in this wagon crest a hill. As you look down, you
actually see a convoy of wagons that have been completely destroyed,
completely burned out. And you see laid out next to them, a few charred
bodies that you make out to actually be orcish. You see four human figures
who are sort of picking over the remains, and they have their own cage with
a… adolescent orc boy in it.
Clint: I am going to cast thaumaturgy, and I‘m going to yell…
Merle: Platoon one, attack from the east! Platoon two, attack from the
west!
Griffin: The two ruffians split off and start running in either direction. You
find some keys on one of those two dead bandits, and you pop open the
cage, and the orcish boy doesn‘t… seem… especially grateful. He just sort of
starts to walk away.
Clint: So he‘s an emorc.
Magnus: Okay, bye!
Griffin: That was pretty good.
Announcer: Someone flies. Someone dies. Seriously, this week someone
flies and someone dies. It‘s The Adventure Zone!
Travis: Is there anything fun in the cart?
Griffin: You actually find the stash of these of these, uh… of these ruffians.
You find a deck of playing cards that are probably not legit. Probably, uh…
probably some cheatin‘ cards, is what we‘ll call 'em.
Travis: Yeeeah!
Griffin: I‘m guessing that Magnus is gonna take that, since you‘ve got sort
of a… what was that Mel Gibson river boat gambling movie?
Clint: Maverick.
Travis: Maverick.
Justin: Man Without A Face.
Griffin: You‘ve got kind of a Man Without A—you— 
Clint: Mad Max.
Griffin: You pick that up, and you find four different sacks of coins that are
sort of unevenly filled. You think that maybe it sort of refers to the pay
grade that each of these ruffians had on them. But all told, there is about 
two hundred and twenty gold pieces in between them. So you pick all that
up, too.
Travis: Great. Onto Phandalin!
Griffin: The rest of the stuff is just kind of either junk or, y‘know, burned
up supplies.
Taako: Shouldn‘t we leave two? Shouldn‘t we leave two bags? Those other
guys will be back.
Magnus: Taako, what‘s that over there? Okay, let‘s get in the cart. C‘mon.
Griffin: You—
Justin: Are we taking their cart? Or are we getting back in our cart?
Griffin: Your cart is much better off. Their cart—
Justin: Oh, thank god.
Griffin: I mean, they weren‘t dumpster divers, but they were living like
dumpster divers.
Justin: I‘m with you.
Travis: Livin‘ like they were diving.
Griffin: Pretty good.
Travis: Thank you.
Griffin: Okay, so the four of you finish up your trek to Phandalin. It is dusk.
You‘ve made very, very good time getting here, but you can tell by the fiery, 
burnt path that has been carved in the ground, that you are… you have not
beaten Gundren to the scene.
You follow this path into town. Fortunately, no buildings have been, y‘know,
destroyed. It doesn‘t look like Godzilla just rushed through here. The streets
in Phandalin, while crude, are fairly wide, so the damage has been minimal,
but nobody‘s outside. Nobody‘s outside. Everybody has locked themselves
away in their building, in their homes. They can tell that things are pretty
bad right now.
You roll into Phandalin and you follow the path, and where the path
terminates is the local bar.
Clint: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Which goes—the path basically burns straight into the front door,
which is pretty badly scorched, but intact.
Justin: I guess we‘ll—let‘s head into the bar, see what‘s going on.
Griffin: You walk towards the door of the bar, and a familiar—
Justin: Wait, wait, wait, what do I see in there? Perception check.
Griffin: Oh, make a perception check into the bar?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Um, you… go ahead and roll it.
Justin: 21.
Griffin: 21? You can‘t really see a whole lot, except that for the fact that it‘s
very bright in there. It‘s exceptionally bright. And you hear the voice of
Barry Bluejeans, actually, shouting. But to—there is no response to Barry
Bluejeans‘ shouting, to his cries for relief.
Magnus: Oh. Let‘s run in.
Griffin: As you move towards the door, Barry Bluejeans actually comes
barreling out at you. Let me re—how did hi—what was his voice? Was it kind
of New York-y?
Clint: Yeah, it was.
Justin: Sure.
Clint: But of course, his voice would be slightly altered if he‘s on fire.
Griffin: He is not on fire, as he is running out of the building, but he
actually ducks… oh, no, I just broke my pen. Oh, bummer.
Travis: Alright, let‘s stop the podcast.
Griffin: Stop the podcast, everybody, I broke my pen! Hold on, I can fix it. This is my stylus, I spent a lot of money on it. I
breaked it. There it is.
Um, uh… He is not on fire, but as he runs through the door, he sort of ducks
just in time to dodge a fireball that has been thrown at him. And he sees you
four and says…
Barry: Oh, my god, ya back! You guys, you gotta help me! I‘ve never seen
it—him like this—well, obviously, I‘ve never seen him engulfed in flames and
all magical and shit, but… things are really bad, you guys, you gotta calm
him down.
Griffin: And Killian says…
Killian: You would be wise to listen to him. We can‘t fight him right now. If 
we try to fight him, we‘re gonna lose. He‘s more powerful than anybody you
guys have ever met. That‘s not an empty promise – he will incinerate
anybody who defies him. We gotta calm him down and try and get that
glove off of him.
Magnus: Okay.
Clint: Which means Magnus will attack, right?
Travis: No—okay— In a surprise moment… Magnus calmly walks into the bar.
Griffin: Gundren actually stops you before you can do that. He blows open
the door of the bar and walks out, so now he is standing out in the streets
with everyone. Kind of a high noon standoff with Gundren standing sort of in
the middle of the circle, composed of you three, and Barry, and Killian. And
he says…
Gundren: Why would you wanna stop me?
Griffin: He says…
Gundren: I finally have enough power to get rid of those god damn orcs.
Magnus: Gundren…
Griffin: His voice has changed, it‘s almost like he‘s been… I don‘t know,
he‘s been infused with something that he can‘t control.
Justin: I cast charm person… on Gundren.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Do we need to roll initiative?
Justin: No.
Travis: No.
Justin: No. Not yet. We‘re not fighting him.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: We cannot stress enough how much we are not fighting him.
Justin: We are not fighting him. He has to make a wisdom saving throw.
Griffin: Okay.
Griffin: I rolled an 18. That‘s gonna do it, I think. He is not
charmed. Um, and—
Justin: And I cast it again. I have three spell slots, I‘ma cast it again.
Griffin: He actually, after you cast it the first time, he looks at you. His
eyes are just fire now. His—and that‘s not like a description of his
attractiveness. He‘s not looking at you smokingly, he is—his eyes are
literally fireballs.
Magnus: Gundren, you have to listen. The glove is consuming you from the
inside out. Remember your father in the cave! If you don‘t remove the
glove, you‘re going to die!
Griffin: He says…
Clint: How close am—how close am I to him?
Griffin: Uh, you—
Travis: We‘re not going to attack him.
Clint: No.
Griffin: You‘re about eight feet away from him. He says…
Gundren: I can control it…
Magnus: You can‘t. Look at yourself, this isn‘t you.
Gundren: You don‘t know what I‘m like. 
Magnus: Listen – the rage—
Clint: I slowly walk up towards him…
Griffin: He turns his—he turns his flaming eyes towards you, now.
Clint: That‘s fine. I just remind him.
Merle: We‘re cousins, we have the same bloodline—
Gundren: What‘s my middle name? What, no, fuck it, what‘s
my first name?
Merle: Your first name… is Gundren. Your middle name is Lou. Gundren Lou.
Gundren: That‘s right.
Justin: Gundren Lou Albano.
Gundren: I guess y—
Clint: I put my hands on the glove—
Griffin: It burns you very, very badly. You—
Clint: I don‘t care.
Griffin: You take, you take—
Clint: I don‘t care.
Justin: Wait, no, you‘re taking damage.
Griffin: You take five points of damage.
Clint: I‘m gonna help him control it.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Wait, take that damage.
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: You put your hands on the glove, and he actually steps away and
seems to get more angry.
Gundren: What are you doing?! This is mine!
Merle: We‘re the same bloodline, I can help you control it!
Gundren: I don‘t need your help controlling it!
Merle: Fine! Go! Do what you want, I don‘t care!
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: He is, all this while, the longer that you guys talk… it seemed like
the fire was dying down a little bit. But as you started to touch the glove and
he got very defensive, it picked up a little bit, and he‘s back to like, inferno
status.
Justin: Okay. Listen, guys. I need to do a check to see if him being on fire
gives me the idea for spicy food. That‘s really important. And then we can figure out a solution.
Clint: That is our overall taco quest.
Griffin: It‘s not your taco quest.
Travis: Well maybe it‘s Taako‘s curse, is he‘s a dullard until he figures out
the taco thing, because so much of his mental processes is taking up, like,
by figuring out tacos.
Justin: I‘m not gonna be able to… can we just talk—can we… we can‘t
really, like, discuss this… do we have time to talk about it, Griffin? Can we
sort of talk out of character to plan a little bit?
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Justin: Okay. Listen. I can‘t—the only other thing I have, like, in terms of
things I might be able to do to help… I tried charming him, that didn‘t work… 
I mean, I could try mage hand, but I don‘t think I could use mage hand to
pull the glove off.
Clint: I have create water, which makes it rain in a 30-foot cube.
Justin: Hmm.
Travis: It seems to me like the key to this is not spells or attacks or
anything, it‘s just talking. That what we need to do is calm him down, and—
because I think that the glove has taken over, and it‘s a little bit of like a
split personality thing?
Justin: Yeah, right, right, right.
Travis: And we need to be able to appeal to Gundren, and get him to take
the glove off. I don‘t think that we‘re going to be able to wrest it from him,
or beat him.
Justin: Okay. Who‘s got the highest charisma?
Travis: I‘ve got plus one.
Justin: Mine‘s negative one.
Clint: Mine‘s plus three.
Justin: Okay. Why don‘t we just have… just, let‘s just be simple. Why don‘t
we just have Merle talk to him?
Travis: Yes.
Justin: He‘s a cleric, he has a very soothing presence… how 'bout Merle
just talks him through it? They‘re related. Just, don‘t—listen, Merle.
Don‘t… touch him.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: Don‘t touch him, don‘t advance on him, think like a hostage
negotiator.
Clint: Alright.
Justin: Just talk.
Griffin: Are we back in the game, now?
Travis: Yes.
Clint: We‘re back in the game.
Griffin: Okay. Badoop badoop! That‘s the unpause sound.
Merle: Now Gundren… you know me. Remember Christmases at Aunt
Blarg‘s house?
Merle: Remember, and we‘d sit around and drink mulled wine…
Gundren: I miss her so much!
Merle: Oh, Aunt Blarg! She was a good woman!
Gundren: She was until she was killed by those goddamn orcs!
Merle: Well… well that was never proven. And you know what? She loved
you, and she—y‘know, she gave every year to the Orc Benevolent Fund.
Gundren: I know, and that‘s what made her death at their hands so ironic! So painfully ironic!!
Merle: It is painfully ironic, but is this what she would have wanted? Would
she have wanted you to do this, to not only kill all these indiscriminate orcs,
but burn your own ass up at the same time? I don‘t think so. Come on, why
don‘t you just take the gauntlet off and we can all talk about it
Gundren: I don‘t think I can.
Griffin: He‘s looking—
Merle: Well sure you can! You‘re the strongest dwarf I know! I mean, down
through the years, I‘ve always turned to you—
Gundren: Bronze Strongarm is—Bronze Strongarm the strongest dwarf.
And we both know that. So don‘t bullshit me.
Merle: He‘s good at arm wrestling, but you… you are strong at heart.
Gundren: I‘m s—I‘m sc—
Merle: I‘ve always looked up to you.
Gundren: I‘m scared.
Merle: You‘ve always been my hero. Don‘t be scared. Look, we‘re all here
together.
Gundren: I was a fireball earlier and it hurt.
Merle: I know. Oh, that must have hurt so bad.
Gundren: It burned a lot.
Merle: Aren‘t you tired of hurting? Aren‘t you tired of fire and burning?
Gundren: I‘m pretty sleepy.
Merle: Just, just, just… why don‘t you just take a deep breath, and take off
the gauntlet? And everything‘s gonna be okay.
Griffin: The fire in his eyes is gone, he‘s back to normal dwarf eyes. His
hair is gone. That shit just burned right up. And his clothes are a little
tattered, got some burn holes in 'em, but otherwise, he seems to be calming
down pretty significantly, and he says…
Gundren: I‘m so sorry that… I killed a bunch of orcs earlier. You didn‘t see
that, did ya?
Merle: We‘re gonna blame it on the dumpster divers. Just for, y‘know, the
public.
Gundren: I don‘t know what you‘re talkin‘ about, but… I‘m just so tired.
Merle: I know. I know! Why don‘t you, why don‘t you close your eyes for a
little bit, take a little nippy nap?
Gundren: You‘re right, I would love a nippy nap.
Merle: Oh, just think about that, and when you get up, we‘ll, uh… we‘ll go,
uh… we‘ll go spelunking. Y‘know, and share stories about Aunt Blarg.
Gundren: I miss her.
Merle: I know you do.
Gundren: Okay. You guys are right. I can‘t control this thing. And I
think it‘s time we—
Griffin: Suddenly, you all hear the sound. You hear this sound,
actually… Pchooooo… thunk.
Taako: Oh no.
Clint: I know what that is.
Griffin: And Gundren takes a sudden step forward, like…
And turns to the side, and puts his hands, like, over his shoulders, reaching
towards his back, and you can see an arrow lodged in his back. And you can
make a perception check if you wanna try and discover the source.
Taako: Aw, gee.
Merle: I have a guess.
Taako: Yeah, right! Who saw this coming? Well, not Gundren I guess.
Clint: Alright, 11.
Travis: 11.
Justin: 20.
Griffin: Taako, you see from the outskirts of the town, the figure of the
orcish boy, who has fired an arrow from a bow about the size of himself.
Taako: Hmmm.
Griffin: As soon as you put eye—as soon as your eyes meet, he turns and
hoofs it. And—
Justin: What‘s the orcish boy—what‘s the orcish boy‘s name?
Clint: It‘s Emorc.
Travis: Dad, when Justin asked about that, it means
we‘re about to use the name of a listener who tweeted about the show!
Clint: Yes. We now return you to our podcast.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: Already, I‘m—
Travis: You know, we‘re having a lot of fun here today, but we need your
donations to keep— We don‘t like doing these, you don‘t like doing these—
Griffin: His—
Travis: The faster we hit our goal—
Griffin: Uh, his name is Kurtze. His name is—
Clint: Kurt?
Griffin: Kurtze.
Travis: Kurtze.
Griffin: With a ―z and a ―e. 
Clint: Kurtze.
Griffin: I think a silent ―e , Kurt-ze.
Clint: Like Colonel Kurtz.
Griffin: As soon as you match eyes with Kurtze, Taako, he… he turns and
hoofs it. And Gundren is just sort of stunned, and is suddenly completely
engulfed in flames. It‘s—his arms are just two columns of flame, and he‘s
growing, and bouts of flame are sort of ripping off of his body and cutting
entire buildings in half. He starts screaming…
Gundren: Who did this?!
Griffin: And…
Merle: Not an orc! Wasn‘t an orc! Nooo way!
Griffin: And Barry goes…
Barry: Wasn‘t me!
Griffin: And then Gundren looks at Barry, and with a giant flaming hand,
just sort of crushes him into the ground.
Travis: Cool.
Clint: Oh.
Griffin: And Killian says…
Killian: Time to go!
Griffin: And starts running towards the center of town, as Gundren just sort
of keeps growing, and you hear her shout…
Killian: C‘mon c‘mon c‘mon! C‘mon c‘mon c‘mon c‘mon!
Magnus: No.
Taako: What about Barry?
Griffin: Barry‘s dead.
Magnus: I‘m not leaving with all these people here.
Griffin: Barry‘s super dead.
Taako: Well, I‘m not leaving without Barry.
Griffin: She—you look at her, and she‘s pointing at the center of town, at a
well. She says…
Killian: Get to the well, get to the well, get to the well, get
to the well! Get to the well!
Justin: I run to the well.
Travis: Not without all the—there‘s still tons of people here!
Griffin: Gundren‘s growing, and just more fire is pouring off of him. He‘s
expanding. He‘s actually about to envelop both you, Merle, and Magnus.
Travis: Okay. I start running for the well, but yelling…
Magnus: Get out of your homes! Get out of town, now!
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Nice job, Kurtze.
Griffin: You see a couple people step out of their homes and look to survey
the scene as—Merle, are you also following them to the well?
Justin: I think we just all get to the well.
Griffin: Killian pulls out from her bag that feather duster. She taps herself
with it, then fires it at the three of you. Three silvery bolts fly in your
direction, and suddenly, the three of you are also sort of surrounded by the
soft, grey light that you saw Killian surrounded by earlier in the mine. And
she jumps into the well. And you hear her go…
Killian: C‘mon, c‘mon, c‘mon, c‘mon!!
Clint: Decision made.
Justin: Yeah, I follow her.
Travis: I follow her.
Clint: Me too.
Griffin: The three of you dive into the well. It is fairly deep. You fall very
slowly, about 40 feet into the well. And as you look up through a small circle
of light, you see the night sky grow red. And then suddenly, you hear one
final scream from Gundren Rockseeker, and then, all of a sudden, all you see
is flame above you. Just a—
Travis: Well, tits.
Griffin: A giant burst of flame that blots out the sky and roars. It‘s the
loudest sound in the universe. It‘s the loudest thing any of you have ever
heard. And… it lasts for about a minute and a half.
Travis: Could you demonstrate for us how that sounds, Griffin?
Griffin: But like, times a billion.
Travis: You‘re probably gonna need a deep breath for a minute and a half.
Griffin: I can‘t—I‘m not—I can‘t.
Clint: He doesn‘t have enough phlegm.
Griffin: I just can‘t do it. Um… So that, uhh… that just happened. You look
over at Killian. She actually is unconscious at the bottom of the well. You see
that she hit her head as she was falling, even though she was falling fairly
slowly. Maybe it was the—
Clint: Was there water in the well?
Griffin: No, it‘s an empty well. Suddenly, maybe, you think that maybe the
three of you landing on top of her probably aided to her unconscious state.
Justin: Well, it was her dumb idea.
Griffin: That is true. That was on her.
Justin: And so are we. Thank you, Dad.
Griffin: That was pretty good.
Justin: Thanks.
Travis: So now we‘re just like, at the bottom of a well, right?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Cool. Good look.
Taako: Well, this is going good!
Merle: We really suck at this, so far.
Magnus: You know, in retrospect, I regret helping that Kurtze kid?
Taako: I wish we‘d killed Kurtze, I was just thinking!
Magnus: I wish we‘d killed Kurtze, too!
Taako: I wish we‘d killed Kurtze.
Magnus: But you know what? A lot of woulda-coulda-shoulda. You know
what I mean? 
Taako: That‘s true. Wish in one hand, spit in the other.
Magnus: Yeah, hindsight. 20/20 and all that.
Taako: Wish in a hand and spit on it, right? Classic.
Magnus: I say you just… you keep moving forward.
Taako: Can anybody levitate or anything?
Magnus: I think we just live at the bottom of this well now.
Griffin: The well is actually—the interior of the well is made of sort of these
large cobblestones. You think maybe with enough—
Clint: A.K.A. climbable.
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s climbable, you think maybe you could with a good
enough climbing check you could… one of you could sort of shimmy your
way up and maybe drop a rope for the others.
Clint: I say Magnus.
Travis: Wait, hold on. I take her crossbow.
Griffin: Okay! Yeah, you take her crossbow from her unconscious body.
Taako: Nice!
Travis: And I wake her up with the crossbow pointed at her.
Griffin: Okay. You slap her face, she doesn‘t wake up.
Travis: Okay, she‘s dead, let‘s go!
Griffin: She is thoroughly concussed.
Travis: I don‘t want to just leave her…
Merle: We—no, we gotta take her.
Taako: She‘s got a magic feather duster! And if I know anything about
magic, that‘s gonna be good for dusting.
Travis: I also take the magic feather duster and the remote control.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you take all that stuff.
Taako: I want the magic—I want the feather duster!
Magnus: You can have it in a little bit.
Taako: It‘s magical!
Magnus: Okay, you can have the feather duster.
Taako: That‘s for me!
Griffin: Justin, with your magic feather duster, and your magic umbrella, so
far you‘re looking kinda Poppins-esque. All you need is a Bag of Holding. Because she actually had one of
those in the movie.
Clint: I take the Bag of Holding!
Griffin: Well you don‘t—she didn‘t—
Justin: He means Mary Poppins!
Griffin: You got very confused there.
Travis: Okay. I climb the well, I drop a rope—
Griffin: Well you‘re gonna make a check, dawg. You can‘t just say shit and
then have it happen. This isn‘t—
Travis: Okay, I climb the well.
Clint: I fly out of the well!
Griffin: This isn‘t The Secret.
Travis: I got… what is it, acrobatics or athletics?
Griffin: Is there not a climbing skill?
Travis: No. I think it‘s athletics. Yeah. I rolled a 19.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, that is sufficient. It‘s a looong hike up to the top, but
you manage to crest the top of the well. The structure at the top of the well,
right? The, um… I don‘t know what it would be called, the top of the well
with the bucket and the rope and pulley and all that shit is gone. It‘s just
gone. It‘s gone. And as you look around, you realize everything‘s gone.
Phandalin‘s gone. As you put the arm up over the edge of the well to pull
yourself up, you hear that same sound.
Justin: Ohh.
Griffin: Because the the entire town, where it used to be… you look around,
and for about a half-mile in diameter, all that you can see is black glass. A
circle of black glass on the ground.
Travis: Well, this all sucks.
Justin: It does suck.
Travis: Okay. I drop the rope, and yell down…
Magnus: Tie it around her before you climb up!
Griffin: Okay. We‘ll say… we could do a bunch of strength checks here, but
that would be boring. You manage to get everybody up out of the well,
including Killian. That‘s a group effort, pulling her up. She‘s a… she‘s a… I
mean, she‘s a big orc woman.
Justin: Griffin, can I do an arcana check on the feather duster to figure out
what it is?
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Justin: 15.
Griffin: 15? It is just what it looks like. It is an enchanted feather duster
that—
 Just what it looks like. A feather duster.
Griffin: Well, no. It‘s an enchanted feather duster that is imbued with
charges of the spell slow fall.
Justin: Okay, great.
Griffin: It‘s a very specific—
Clint: Can I do a perception check to look at the field of glass?
Griffin: Yep!
Justin: 18 here.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: Mine is…
Clint: Yeah, mine‘s a six.
Travis: 16.
Griffin: Okay. You guys don‘t actually need a particularly high check,
because there‘s nothing in this field of black—this circle of black glass,
except… again, in the very epicenter, a burned out, blackened, dwarven
figure with its right arm in the air, and on the end of the right arm is a
silvery gauntlet.
Clint: Mm-hmm.
Travis: Cool.
Justin: Well…
Travis: Here‘s the thing - there must be a way to contain it that she
must‘ve known about, 'cause she was specifically going to get that gauntlet.
Justin: Yeah, but—
Travis: So the person we need right now is unconscious.
Justin: So the person we—okay. On the one hand… first off, let‘s take a
moment to mourn Phandalin. A lot of good people lost.
Travis: Yeah.
Clint: A lot of—
Justin: Sorry, everybody that we misadventured, sorry about Kurtze.
Griffin: We gotta… we gotta fuckin‘ retire our Barry Bluejeans merch.
Justin: Yeah. All the—
Travis: Well, no, his son, Barry Bluejeans Junior, is sure to make an
appearance.
Griffin: Barry Jorts. ―Hi, everybody, I‘m Barry Jorts. 
Clint: You know how kids love the dark characters. They‘re gonna
flock towards Kurtze shirts.
Griffin: Yep. 
Justin: Kurtze shirts. Uh, listen—
Travis: ―So Kurtze it hurts! is what it‘ll say on it.
Griffin: ―I got the Kurtze Squirts! is what it‘ll say.
Travis:Wait, what?
Griffin: You know, the Kurtze Squirts, when you get excited whenever
Kurtze shows up, you squirt a little.
Griffin: Hey, dungeoneers. It‘s your DM, Griffin McElroy. Hi, how‘s it going?
You enjoying the episode? I hope so. We worked really hard on it. Well…
well, we played Dungeons & Dragons and recorded ourselves doing it. I don't
know if that constitutes hard work. We‘re not working in a salt mine.
I have a few quick announcements here in our mid-episode break. The first
and most exciting, at least for us, uh, is that we have our first sponsorship
here on The Adventure Zone. If you've listened to My Brother, My Brother,
and Me, or any of the other podcasts on Maximum Fun, you know that we do
sponsorships, and somebody has elected to give us money to talk about
their stuff.
The Adventure Zone this week is supported in part by Audible.com, the
internet‘s leading provider of spoken audio information and entertainment.
Audible is offering Adventure Zone listeners a free audiobook, and a free 30-
day trial membership. If you go to AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure, you can
get a free audiobook of your choice. Uh, again, that‘s
AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure.
They‘ve asked us to give a recommendation. I would suggest the
thematically appropriate, uh, D&D fiction compendium, The Legend of
Drizzt: The Collected Stories. This is, of course, a mash up of some of R. A.
Salvator‘s best stories about Drizzt, the beloved D&D universe character.
Only, the audiobook is narrated by a super star cast, including people like
Felicia Day, Dan Harmon, Danny Pudi, Weird Al Yankovich, which is pretty
great.
And, of course, Ice T reads one of the books, and it‘s amazing. You get to
hear Ice T tell you all about elven adventures and shit. It‘s pretty wonderful.
You can find it at Audible.com. Again, that link for the free audiobook of your
choosing is AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure.
Thank you all so, so much for listening to our fledgling podcast. This episode
is gonna wrap up the first sort of, uh, chapter of our story, Here There Be
Gerblins. In two weeks, we will start the next part of our story, where Merle,
Taako, and Magnus will… well, I'm not gonna tell you. But new stuff. Very
exciting.
You can find the show on Twitter. We are @TheZoneCast on Twitter. Uh, you
can go to our Tumblr page where we collect a lot of fan art, including the
episode wrap ups by Leon Rozelaar, which are fucking phenomenal. They‘re
like… they‘re some of the best drawings on the whole internet.
You can find all of that at our Tumblr, which you can reach at
TheAdventure.zone. You'll also find new episodes as they go up, some
character sheets which I need to update, and uh, all kinds of great stuff. So
go check that out. TheAdventure.Zone.
We have a character name dedication for Kurtze, who you just heard.
Unfortunately, I didn‘t save the specific tweet that this Mr. Kurtze tweeted at
us, but rest assured, if your last name is Kurtze, and you tweeted about our
show, this one‘s for you, buddy.
We‘ll be recording a new chunk of episodes here in probably a few days, so if
you want some character dedications, you want a NPC named after you, just
tweet about the show using the hash tag #TheZoneCast, and we will make
sure you are immortalized. Well, not all of you. There‘s a very small chance.
But you could be immortalized forever.
Uh, that‘s really it for the announcements. You know all of our other junk.
We got a Facebook group, all that garbage. But um, again, really, I mean
this from the bottom of my heart – thank you so, so much for listening to
the show, for sharing the show, for uh, recommending it on iTunes. Our
listenership has grown just so much faster than we ever thought possible,
and that‘s because of all of you. We get so many kind comments about the
show on Twitter, and the Maximum Fun Reddit page. Thank you all so much
for helping this become a successful show so quickly. It really is very
moving.
If you're enjoying the show, don‘t forget – Maximum Fun has a lot of other
really great podcasts for you to listen to, including ones we do, like My
Brother, My Brother, and Me, Bunker Buddies, and Sawbones. But there‘s a
ton of great non-McElroy products out there, too, like Stop Podcasting 
Yourself, the Goose Down, Song Exploder, uh, Lady to Lady… so many really
terrific shows. And you can find all those MaximumFun.org.
That‘s enough from me. Again, thank you all so, so much. We love you very
much, and now, back to the adventure. Sorry that things are getting kind of
bleak, but without failure, you'll never know… how sweet success tastes? I
don't know. That‘s probably a thing people say.
Alright, bye!
Justin: So, okay, listen. We know that touching the glove from the outside
is really bad. It‘s not good. We know that putting on the glove is like,
probably really stupid.
Clint: Can we cut off his arm?
Justin: I mean, it‘s he—it would probably just break off. I just don‘t know if
it‘s safe to take it. I mean, it‘s obviously really powerful.
Clint: Alright, look, we had two people interested in the gauntlet. One of
'em is now… dead.
Justin: Right.
Clint: Let‘s wake up the other one, let her have it!
Griffin: You tried to wake her up, she is—she‘s not asleep. She‘s
concussed, she‘s unconscious.
Travis: She‘s totes unconscious.
Clint: Well, could she not be healed?
Griffin: Yeah, I guess.
Clint: It‘s kinda what I do.
Griffin: That is true.
Clint: I‘ve got—
Travis: Wait, hold on, what if it‘s like the umbrella, where you just need to
put the gauntlet on and then beat a check, and then you control it?
Justin: Well, okay, you twisted my arm. I think, ―That‘s magical, I‘m magic, this is the sort of thing that I‘ve
trained for, and I put the glove on.
Griffin: Your whole life.
Travis: Wait, can we save? Can we hit a save-point before we do that?
Clint: You know you‘re not really good at this stuff.
Justin: Yes, that is exactly why I decided it would be a good idea.
Griffin: As you approach the glove, Taako, I actually want you to make… a
will check.
Justin: Will?
Griffin: A wisdom check. You‘re making a wisdom check. There was a thing
in the last game called ―will, in the last edition, but you‘re just sort of
making a wisdom check.
Justin: 16.
Griffin: Okay. Okay. The glove was contesting that, but it failed. You 
almost felt like the glove was trying to take you… take you over. It almost
felt like the glove wanted you to come take it and put it on. Almost like it
was speaking to you, like, y‘know, ―Come put this dope glove on. 
Justin: Mm, okay, listen—
Griffin: But you beat that. You beat that check, and you sort of push
those… you push that temptation aside.
Justin: Well, but yeah, but I just realized it was happening, right? I mean, I
knew… I felt that impulse as I was walking towards it.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Justin: Hmm. That‘s giving me second thoughts.
Taako: So, listen, the glove really wants me to put it on. Can I get some group input on this thing?
Magnus: I say you back up. I think that we‘ve just seen it not only like,
destroy a town, but two people that were using it.
Taako: I don‘t disagree. Here‘s my argument, though. We—it is obviously
very dangerous; we can‘t leave it here. We also can‘t touch it.
Travis: Oh, I wanna search Killian to see what else she had on her.
Griffin: That was it. You got—you‘ve robbed this poor, unconscious woman
blind.
Travis: So she didn‘t have any means of containment for this thing?
Griffin: You pull up her sleeve—
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: And she has on her a a metal bracer, that has a sort of strange
symbol on it, but it doesn‘t have any sort of clasp or fastener. It just seems
to be, like, on her. And it doesn‘t seem to be like you would be able to get it
off.
Travis: I cast sense mechanism.
Griffin: You don‘t have that.
Travis: No, I don‘t.
Griffin: You don‘t have—
Travis: I use my cheating playing cards to cheat the game and cast sense
mechanism.
Justin: I‘ll cast—I‘ll do an arcana check on the bracer.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Um… 15.
Griffin: Okay. And what is an arcana—you‘re just sort of trying to detect
whether it‘s magic?
Justin: 17.
Griffin: Okay. 17.
Justin: 17.
Griffin: It is some sort of magic item, but you get the sense that, whatever
sort of magic is in it isn‘t especially powerful. Whatever sort of enchantment
is on it is not… I don‘t know, this thing‘s not gonna shoot death rays or
anything. You get the sense that it‘s a very light, very minor enchantment.
Travis: I think that‘s where she‘s getting her knowledge about this thing
from. So one of us needs to get it off her and on ourselves.
Justin: Why do you think that she‘s learning stuff from that?
Travis: Well, because she‘s able—she knows about the gauntlet, but can‘t
tell us about it.
Justin: Just so you know, Griffin, the arcana check measures my ability to
recall lore about spells, magic items, eldritch symbols, magical traditions,
the planes of existence, and the inhabitants of those planes.
Griffin: Okay. Um, so you detect on this bracer… just because it is a very
simple, almost crude piece of equipment with a single symbol on it, you
recall hearing about like, messaging equipment. Almost like a relay, or a
communicator where, y‘know, a very simple message can be passed, or
perhaps just even sort of a signal can be displayed… or transmitted.
Justin: If I press that one symbol on the bracer, does anything happen?
Griffin: It does nothing to your touch, no.
Clint: Okay, let me use healing word on her.
Travis: Yeah, go for it.
Clint: It would be my last spell slot.
Travis: First, I‘m gonna tie her hands together in front.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And tie her feet together before we heal her and wake her up.
'Cause it feels like everything‘s kinda shook out as far as it‘s gonna shake
out for right now.
Griffin: Okay. That‘s fine. Yeah, you use that rope that you used to climb
up earlier—
Clint: And when she finds out you stole all her shit…
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: She won‘t be so psyched about that.
Travis: I would say I‘m more holding it in escrow until we figure out what‘s
going on.
Justin: I gingerly slide the feather duster back into her hand.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Okay, so, I… they—she regains hit points equal to 1d4 plus my
spellcasting ability modifier. So what should I roll?
Griffin: A d4.
Clint: Two… plus wisdom… which is five.
Griffin: Okay. Seven. Okay, that was enough to wake her up from—she
was unconscious, she was basically at zero. And you hog—you tied her up?
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: Okay, her hands and feet are bound. She wakes up and sits up,
sees her hands and feet are bound, looks around, and goes…
Killian: Well… I guess, uh… I guess we didn‘t save Phandalin, huh?
Magnus: Yeah, I would say so.
Killian: Guess we did a bad job.
Griffin: She sees you with her crossbow, Magnus, and says…
Killian: I‘d like that back, please? And my hands. Would like those back
too, if I could just use 'em.
Magnus: Okay. And I feel like we could‘ve done more for Phandalin—
Killian: And I‘d like for you to untie me….
Magnus: —had we known what the fuck was going on before we came
here.
Killian: I—how many fucking times do I have to tell you that I literally can‘t
tell you anything?! I can‘t tell you any helpful information! I can‘t tell you. I
can‘t tell you.
Taako: I feel like you could‘ve done a little more—
Magnus: Yeah.
Merle: Maybe a little.
Taako: Like a little more! Like some context clues, or perhaps some
charades.
Merle: Maybe drop the hint that he was gonna turn into a giant of fire.
Taako: Draw a picture!
Killian: Let me—Alright! Okay. Fine. Let‘s try this. You tell me when it
gets… static-y. Cool?
Taako: Okay.
Killian: I… have to pick my words very carefully… am an employee… of…
a… group of… concerned… people. How is it so far?
Magnus: So far, so good.
Taako: Good! Yeah, no interference.
Merle: No crackling.
Killian: Who… are working… to… [static]
Magnus: Yep, there we go. We got crackles. We got crackles on our end.
Killian: You got a crack—oh, god.
Merle: We got crackle.
Killian: Who are working to make the… whole land… safer. How was that?
Magnus: Okay, that all was clear. Except that‘s hard to buy because the
first time we met you, you sic‘d a giant grinder thing on us.
Killian: I thought you were wa—I thought you were trying to stop my
group of people from doing a good thing.
Magnus: Well, you‘re a little bit ―grind and ask questions later. 
Merle: Yeah…
Taako: Is the… Is your inability to talk to us related to your bracer?
Killian: Oh, this old thing? No.
Merle: What is that old thing, then?
Taako: What‘s the bracer for?
Killian: Aw, Jesus.
Merle: Just askin‘.
Killian: Oh well, see, whenever you touch the thing on my bracer it [static]
from the [static].
Taako: I think you were faking that one.
Taako: I think you were just doing that.
Merle: You kind of spit a little on that one.
Griffin: She suddenly looks over and sees the gauntlet again, and says…
Killian: Wait a minute. How have none of you grabbed the gauntlet and put
it on?
Magnus: Oh, we‘re super cool.
Taako: We‘re really chill, and I was—and honestly, I was afraid, if we‘re
just putting it out there.
Killian: You mean its… its thrall didn‘t… didn‘t take you over?
Taako: No, I‘m dumb, but I‘m super willful. It wasn‘t even a thing. For me.
I was fine.
Griffin: She looks at—you see that same look in her face that she had when
she saw you‘d defeated Magic Brian, where she is just thoroughly impressed
with you guys. And she says—
Justin: Yeah! Nice.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: And she says…
Killian: I… you guys… where did you guys come from?
Magnus: Your mama.
Taako: That doesn‘t make any sense…
Killian: Pretty—that‘s a pretty good burn. I would think you would all be orcs, or at least, like, all of the same
sort of, like, race, but…
Magnus: Well, I was born in Raven‘s Roost.
Killian: Oh—we don‘t—we—
Clint: Oh, no, not the backstory!
Killian: That‘s for the blog.
Griffin: She says. She says…
Killian: Okay. I‘m gonna let you guys in. I swear to the gods.
Merle: Don‘t make me cast my truth spell again.
Killian: No truth spell required. Nothing but open honesty, because I
think… I think we could use people like you.
Griffin: She says…
Killian: If you‘ve already escaped the thrall of that thing that I can‘t say
the name of…
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Clint: The [static].
Magnus: Let‘s just say 'Glovey.‘
Killian: Glovey, fine. If you‘ve already escaped the thrall of Glovey, you can
collect it. And we can take it somewhere where it will never do anything like
this ever again.
Griffin: She says…
Killian: But you have to let me out of here.
Justin: She got as far as ―collect it and I started sprinting back towards
the glove.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I‘m like really, really excited.
Magnus: Merle, should we let her go?
Griffin: You grab the glove, and it doesn‘t burn you. It‘s almost as if it has
sort of accepted you. You pick the glove up.
Clint: Wear it on a chain around your neck. Wear it on a chain around your
neck!
Griffin: She yells…
Killian: Don‘t put it on, don‘t put it on. Don‘t put—
Justin: I put it on.
Killian: Don‘t put it on. Because then Griffin would have to completely
rewrite the rest of the campaign. Don‘t put that thing on.
Clint: Can I—
Justin: Did she say that? 
Clint: Can I look at the gauntlet? Can I look at the gauntlet and go, ―My preciousss! 
Travis: No you may not.
Justin: I throw it in my bag, so they don‘t have to do a thrall check.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, from… okay. Yeah, you toss it into your bag.
Clint: Listen, if we‘re buying in that much, might as well let her go.
Travis: Alright.
Clint: Might as well free her.
Travis: I undo my overly-complicated knots.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Clint: Don‘t give her the… don‘t give her the crossbow, though.
Killian: I want my crossbow though, kind of.
Merle: Tough.
Killian: I like it a lot!
Merle: Tough.
Killian: Look at the handle of it! See my engraving?
Merle: We don‘t trust you!
Magnus: Have you named your crossbow?
Killian: Yeah, it‘s called… Billips. That was supposed to be a check on a Twitter name, Griffin.
Killian: There‘ll be time for that later.
Griffin: She says.
Travis: There‘ll be time for me to open up Twitter later. Okay, I hand her
the crossbow, but I keep the bolts.
Griffin: Okay! She says…
Killian: That‘s fair. I‘m not gonna need it. We‘re gonna—we‘re regrouping
right now, so… if you could just untie me, then we can get this show on the
road.
Travis: We untie her.
Griffin: Okay. She kills you instantl—no. Um, she stands up, dusts herself
off, she turns to Merle, says…
Killian: Thanks for the healing. I guess it‘s kind of the least you could do
since the three of you… landed on me. And did not heal me.
Magnus: It‘s a tiny well!
Merle: It was your fault!
Killian: Well, that‘s… debatable. There‘ll be time for blame later.
Griffin: She says…
Killian: We need to get somewhere where the ground‘s not as hard.
Clint: Or glassy.
Griffin: Or glassy, yeah.
Travis: Or full of dead people that we failed to save.
Griffin: There‘s no, like, corpses. They—
Travis: Well, I imagine it‘s kind of like Pompeii, where the ash is probably
pretty mixed in.
Griffin: There‘s no ash. It‘s just black glass, almost—it burned the ground.
It was so hot that everything just sort of evaporated. You might be
breathing in some folks.
Travis: Were the people of this town at least, like, really, like, not so nice
people? Something that just, like softens the blow?
Griffin: Yeah, they were all orc-racist. Does that make you feel better?
Travis: It does! It does a little bit.
Griffin: She starts walking towards the edge of the glass. She points her
finger at the ground about… about a 100 feet away, and presses the rune on
her bracer, and it starts to flash—
Travis: Griffin, quick question. Are her feet kind of sliding around the black
glass? Like, it‘s a little bit humorous if it wasn‘t such a serious situation.
Griffin: Yeah, the—I mean, all of your locomotion on this glass is wacky.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: It‘s difficult, and also wacky terrain. So you have half movement,
and also all your movements are super wacky.
Clint: So as we‘re walking… yeah, yeah. We‘re Annie Lennox, walking on
broken glass.
Griffin: Oh shit, Dad.
Clint: Yeah, you can have that one.
Griffin: Slam dunk. That‘s the first—
Clint: That one‘s yours.
Griffin: That‘s your first reference you‘ve done so far that I‘ve, like, really
approved of. Other than Kenny Chesney, that one was pretty good too.
Clint: Thanks? 
Griffin: She points her finger at the ground about a 100 feet away, touches
the rune on her bracer, and it starts to flash yellow intermittently. About
every three seconds, it flashes yellow. She says…
Killian: Just sort of waiting for approval, here.
Griffin: And then it turns a solid blue. Her router has connected to the
internet. And she says…
Killian: And now we just wait. Shouldn‘t take too long. What are your
names, again?
Magnus: Magnus.
Merle: I‘m Merle Highchurch.
Clint: How about that one? No?
Taako: I‘m Taako, and he doesn‘t normally sound like that.
Travis: He‘s just trying to impress you.
Killian: Yeah, well, mission—mission accomplished. Hoo boy.
Magnus: I‘m Magnus Burnsides…
Killian: Seriously, how did you guys—
Magnus: The Hammer.
Killian: Where did you guys come from? You have done some pretty
impossible feats.
Magnus: I‘m from Raven‘s Roost.
Clint: Oh, god.
Magnus: Well, look, we‘ve got some time while we wait, so let me tell you!
I was born the son of a carpenter—
Killian: We‘ve got about 30 seconds, so…
Magnus: Okay. I was born the son of a carpenter—
Merle: We were in prison together!
Travis: What?
Griffin: Wow, really?
Merle: Yeah. Yeah.
Travis: Well how 'bout you just don‘t make those character choices for
people?
Merle: Yeah, fightin‘ the man! We were fightin‘ the man! 
Griffin: What man?!
Clint: You know, the man! The Man. You know!
Griffin: Charles.
Clint: The Man!
Griffin: Charles!
Taako: I told you, it was a very powerful god, it‘s pronounced ―Them-an! 
We‘ve been over this so many times!
Killian: About five more seconds.
Taako: Well—
Magnus: What‘s… what‘s your deal?
Killian: My deal is—
Griffin: You hear a sound from up above, and—
Travis: ―Don‘t tell them! 
Griffin: The cloud, uh…
Travis: ―Keep it to yourself! 
Clint: ―Killiaaaan! 
Griffin: From a cloud hanging above the city, it—the cloud just sort
of bursts apart, and you see a shape flying down, and—
Travis: It‘s the angel of Barry Bluejeans!
Griffin: Suddenly a seraphim reveals himself to you.
Barry: Y‘all did great.
Griffin: A figure is flying down. It has burst through the cloud, and it lands
about in the spot that Killian pointed to, and she starts walking towards it.
She‘s like…
Killian: C‘mon!
Travis: And it‘s Al.
Killian: Get the lead out!
Magnus: I don‘t know why you haven‘t leaped yet, Killian.
Griffin: God, Travis, you‘re giving me ideas now. I‘ve got, like, four pages of campaign notes. I‘ll throw them shits in
the garbage.
Clint: Saaaam!
Griffin: Oh, boy.
Clint: Oh, boy. 
Griffin: You move towards the shape, and as you get closer to it, you see
a… glass sphere with some solid metal trimming around it. It‘s about the
size of a Volkswagen Beetle.
Travis: Oh.
Griffin: This episode is sponsored also by Volkswagen. And inside is four
chairs, and Killian taps on the glass, and an aperture opens that she climbs
through and sits in and straps herself into one of the chairs.
Magnus: It‘s really lucky that there‘s not just, like, three chairs, or like, 16
chairs.
Merle: Yeah.
Magnus: That‘s very fitting. There‘s four of us, right?
Griffin: She says…
Killian: It‘s best if you don‘t think about it.
Magnus: Okay. Done.
Merle: Are there Luna bars?
Killian: Uh, yeah, there‘s lots of Luma b—Luna bars in here.
Merle: Yeah!
Killian: There‘s a—we got a med kit, if you want to stitch yourself up. I can
prep some tea. It‘s not great tea.
Travis: With the delicious vitamins in Luna bars, we don‘t even need a med
kit.
Griffin: That‘s ri—
Clint: That‘s right, Travis. Because Luna bars are graded A, for
deliciousness and nutritiousness.
Griffin: None of those start with A, though.
Travis: For ―A Delicious Bar .
Justin: So, if you wondered what Dungeons & Dragons is, that‘s how you
play it. The end.
Griffin: We‘ve got—
Justin: That‘s just one example of how to play Dungeons… & Dragons.
Griffin: Buy your own kits at home and supplement your own Luna bar
advertisements!
Justin: Say whatever dumb shit that comes to your mind!
Griffin: You can advertise whatever you want! Geico… mattresses…
Travis: Geico mattresses?
Griffin: Whatever.
Travis: ―We insure the greatest sleep you‘ve ever had. 
Griffin: She‘s like…
Killian: Hop in! Come on, get the lead out.
Travis: Okay. Magnus hops in and picks the best seat, the one up front
next to the driver.
Griffin: You got shotgun.
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: There doesn‘t seem to be any kind of steering apparatus.
Travis: I know how this works. We do it with our brains.
Griffin: Well, then, you‘re gonna crash. You‘re gonna crash into the sun.
Clint: Alright, I turn to Taako and I say…
Merle: It‘ll be alright, come on.
Taako: I‘m scared.
Merle: Let‘s get on the big glass ball.
Taako: Okay.
Merle: 'Kay. It‘ll be fun!
Taako: Don‘t have to tell me twice.
Justin: Arcana check! 24. I know exactly what it is. I built it. My dad made it.
Griffin: It is a vehicle. You are detecting… a magical signature. You don‘t
know what it is, but you are detecting it at the top of the—
Justin: This isn‘t a detection. It‘s more about, like, against my knowledge
of the arcane arts.
Griffin: Okay, you don‘t—there is a—okay, you recognize the enchantment.
There is a compression enchantment. It‘s almost like there is something in
there that is very big, that, by magical means, has been made very small.
Taako: Okay, guys, here‘s—
Travis: It‘s a TARDIS!
Clint: We get into the TARDIS.
Taako: Here‘s what we‘re dealing with - it‘s a compression… magic.
Travis: We‘re all already inside the ball. You‘re just standing
outside.
Taako: What we‘ve got here—
Justin: I go inside.
Griffin: ―This is your standard order magic compression thing. 
Taako: What we got here‘s compression… magic…
Travis: It‘ll make you look slimmer. You wear it underneath your clothes. It
compresses. It‘s…
Griffin: It lifts and separates.
Merle: I‘ll give you a Luna bar if you sit down.
Taako: Alright, I sit down.
Merle: Open up!
Griffin: While you are feeding him, while you open up the hangar and fly
the airplane in, Killian shuts the door, taps on her bracer a couple of times.
And from above you, there was a very small sort of overhead trunk on the
top of the ball that opens up, and a giant balloon pops out.
Basically a hot air balloon, that doesn‘t seem to have any sort of brazier
filling it. It‘s just sort of filling up on its own, and before you know it, the
four of you are off. And you‘re floating through the night sky. It‘s a beautiful,
clear night, aside from the horrible carnage beneath, which almost serves as
a giant, black mirror for the night sky above.
Clint: It‘s still kind of funny.
Griffin: It‘s not funny as much as it is, like, weirdly beautiful. Because
other than a few clouds, the sky is clear. You can see there are two moons
shining over the world. You pass over and see the city—the big city lights of
Neverwinter. You pass over the Sword Mountains, and over—
Travis: Is it more like Wonkavator-esque, or more like Chitty Chitty Bang
Bang-esque?
Griffin: It‘s kind of Wonkavator-esque. It‘s kinda got that feel to it. Except
glass, and spherical, and a hot air balloon. So not really anything like that.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: And I‘d like to also point out to everybody that, in case of a water
landing, our seats do serve as flotation devices.
Travis: Do they also serve as toilets? 'Cause I had a bunch of ale before we
started the adventure…
Killian: And a bunch of Luna Bars.
Griffin: Killian says.
Killian: Those things‘ll clean you right out.
Griffin: This episode‘s brought to you by Luna bars. They‘ll clean you…
completely out. Oh my god. It‘s like you got a cheese-cloth in there, and you
scrubbed it out real good.
Taako: Guys, I just realized, I left my keys in Phandalin. How do you turn around?
Magnus: Oh, my library books! I‘m gonna have to pay for those!
Griffin: You are floating higher and higher. You pass through the clouds
that were overhead, and soon, it‘s just you and the night sky, and the two
moons, and Killian says sort of bemusedly…
Killian: You guys are gonna love what happens next!
Magnus: Is it like a movie?
Killian: Yes, we have an in-flight movie. It is, uh…
Taako: Rush Hour 2, Rush Hour 2, Rush Hour 2, Rush Hour 2…
Killian: It‘s Rush Hour 3!
Taako: No! That was a real misstep for the franchise.
Griffin: You are… You are flying through the night sky. You're
going ever higher. And suddenly, it kind of dawns on you that… one of those
two moons in the night sky is getting much larger than you thought it was
going to, much faster than it was going to.
You‘re not really—you haven‘t broken the stratosphere. You‘re not in outer
space, but it‘s almost like you can reach out and touch the moon.
Merle: That‘s no moon.
Taako: Guys, the moo—
Griffin: I fucking knew somebody was going to make that goof, and you
didn‘t let me down. Thank you, my nerd, nerd-ass Dad.
Clint: You‘re welcome.
Taako: Guys, the moon‘s expanding!
Griffin: Killian says—
Clint: I just said it‘s no moon.
Griffin: Killian says—
Travis: Magnus wakes up.
Magnus: What‘s going on?
Griffin: You wake up just in time to see a portcullis…
Clint: Bridesmaids.
Griffin: Bridesmaids is starting. You just finished Rush Hour 3. Are any of
you even paying any attention to the goddamn moon, or are you too busy
watching the in-flight movie?
Clint: I said it was no moon!
Griffin: Okay. You wake up, Magnus, just in time to see a hole… a
portcullis? Is that a word?
Magnus: Ah! A portcullis!
Griffin: Hold on, I—
Clint: Yep!
Justin: That‘s like a castle gate, right?
Griffin: There‘s an aperture that sort of slides open in the moon.
Travis: Ew.
Griffin: And it‘s getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
Justin: A porthole, a porthole.
Griffin: A porthole. And suddenly you… have gone through it. You have
gone into the moon, and you are surrounded by blackness. Inky, inky
blackness. And Killian says…
Killian: Well, guys… Hold onto your butts.
Clint: Okay, I roll butt-holding. Okay, 14 on holding my butt.
Justin: I grab my butt.
Travis: I also grab my butt… and I talk with it. And it‘s a hilarious topical
reference that everyone in the sphere gets.

[BAL7]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Gundren is suddenly completely engulfed in flames. And Killian says…
Killian: Time to go!
Griffin: And she‘s pointing at the center of town, at a well. The three of you
dive into the well. As you look up through a small circle of light, all you see
is flame above you. Just a—
Travis: Well, tits.
Griffin: A giant burst of flame. Phandalin‘s gone. The entire town, where it
used to be, you look around, and all that you can see is black glass. A circle
of black glass on the ground.
Travis: Well, this all sucks.
Griffin: She suddenly looks over and sees the gauntlet again. She says…
Killian: If you‘ve already escaped the thrall of that thing, you can collect it.
And we can take it somewhere where it will never do anything like this ever
again.
Griffin: You see a glass sphere, and a giant balloon pops out, basically a
hot air balloon. One of those two moons in the night sky is getting much
larger.
Taako: Guys, the moon‘s expanding!
Griffin: And suddenly, you have gone into… the moon. And Killian says…
Killian: Well, guys… hold onto your butts.
Clint: Okay, I roll butt-holding. Okay, 14 on holding my butt.
Announcer: What will our heroes find on the moon? I hope it‘s not aliens,
because I‘m afraid of those. It‘s the Adventure Zone!
Griffin: The four of you, in your magic hot air balloon pod, emerge into
light. The light temporarily blinds the four of you, because, y‘know, you were
just in a dark, dark tunnel for quite some time. But you emerge, and it‘s
bright, and as your eyes sort of adjust, you get a good look at the room
around you through the sort of glass exterior of this magic floating sphere.
Travis: Paint us a word picture, Griffin.
Griffin: Here goes!
Justin: He‘s trying to.
Griffin: Nope! Let me reach into my, uh... my chest of ink, and here comes… the
adjectives. I‘m gonna unpack—I‘m gonna unpack my adjectives.
Justin: Remember, show, don‘t tell.
Griffin: You are in a dome-shaped room. Almost has sort of an Epcot ball
feel to it, if you can imagine what the interior of the Epcot ball—do they ever
let people inside that thing?
Travis: Yes. It‘s called the Spaceship Earth.
Justin: Inside of it is the World of Energy, right?
Griffin: Okay, well, imagine that.
Clint: Is that where Figment lives?
Justin: Nah, he lives in the world of imagination with Dreamcatcher.
Clint: Oh.
Travis: Get your shit together, Clint!
Griffin: Hey guys, guess what? This is the world of imagination. You‘re in—
Clint: Aha! Ha ha, so suck it!
Griffin: One of the gerblins you killed—
Justin: That‘s a weird reaction to being in the world of imagination, but
alright.
Travis: World of imagination, suck it!
Griffin: One of the gerblins that you actually killed in the last chapter was
was Figment. You didn‘t even—
Travis: Oh, no!
Griffin: Maybe you should ask people‘s names before you just slaughter
them. So yeah, you‘re in the interior of this dome-like structure. The exterior
of the dome is sort of made out of these glowing triangles of glass. It‘s a
very ornate structure, and you get the impression that this is some sort of
hangar for these balls that you just traveled in. 
And you see some people. You see people, all sort of dressed in blue and
white soldiers‘ garb. You see, on one end of the room, there are some sort
of holes in the floor that you think, y‘know, could be other tunnels. Mounted
on top of those are these giant cannons.
And you don‘t see any, like, y‘know, shells or cannonballs or anything like
that, but you see these big, big cannons on one end of the room. You realize
that you have emerged on to sort of a landing platform.
Travis: Does there appear to be like, a gift shop? Or like, some kind of like
restaurants in the terminal, or anything like that?
Griffin: No, you think maybe it‘s—maybe there‘s, y‘know, another dome
with a gift shop in it.
Travis: Oh, so like, dome B is where like, Delta—
Griffin: Maybe there‘s a Dome Beta, and that‘s where the Chili‘s To Go is.
Justin: Chili‘s To Go is the words I was about to say with my mouth, and
then you said 'em, and I hate you.
Griffin: It‘s the only other restaurant, other than Cinnabon, that exists in
every airport.
Travis: No, sometimes there‘s Max and Erma‘s.
Griffin: That‘s true.
Justin: In an airport? I‘ve never seen that.
Griffin: Fantasy time! Fantasy time!
Justin: Fantasy time! 
Travis: Fantasy Max and Erma‘s. Magical Max—Miracle Max and Erma‘s.
Justin: Maxeth and Erma-eth! Ye Olde Max‘s and Erma‘s Tavern!
Griffin: Apothecary. Okay.
Killian taps on the wall of the glass sphere, and the hole that you guys
boarded in opens up, and she climbs out, and entreats the three of you to
follow her. She walks down a flight of stairs off the landing platform that you
guys have emerged onto.
And, as soon as you sort of cross the threshold of the sphere and place feet
on solid earth—well, kind of solid earth. Solid… moon? I don‘t know. The
three of you get kinda dizzy. You get kinda nauseous and disoriented, a little
bit. Almost like the—as you look around and sort of take in your
surroundings, the more you look around, the more you get a little
lightheaded and foggy.
Travis: We did survive the explosion in Phandalin, right? Like, this isn‘t
heaven, right?
Griffin: Yeah. Roma Downey reaches over and says, ―Surprise! No.
Travis: Griffin‘s like, ―Surprise! I‘m fake. 
Justin: Griffin‘s like the creators of Lost. We immediately guessed this is
purgatory, and now he‘s trying to cover it up by creating some other BS
scenario about why it‘s not purgatory.
Griffin: But, spoiler alert… it‘s purgatory.
Justin: It is. Wait 'til the end. It is.
Griffin: Yeah, so Killian, y‘know, turns back and sees you sort of reeling as
you descend the stairs, and says…
Killian: Oh, by the way, things are going to be a little weird for a bit, but I
promise that‘s gonna pass.
Travis: Just stick with your buddy, drink some orange juice.
Killian: Yeah, take these, lie down, 'cause you don‘t want to faint on these
stairs. That‘ll be bad news bears. But I promise, I‘m gonna get you guys
taken care of very quickly, I just need to run out and get you all authorized
really quick. It‘ll take just a few minutes, but please, just like, hang out here
sit down take it easy, don‘t over-exert yourselves and you‘re gonna be just
fine.
Griffin: And she turns around and walks out of a door, from this domeshaped hanger.
Travis: So, do you guys wanna like, pop a squat? Just like, have a seat?
Justin: Yeah, I‘ll just--let‘s just chill.
Travis: Yeah, so we just sit down on the stairs. Y‘know?
Griffin: Cool.
Travis: Take a minute to like, think about what has led us to this point in
our lives.
Clint: Wow.
Griffin: Yeah. That would be good. Like, any backstory at all would be—
Travis: I wrote out a four-page long backstory and you said it was too
serious!
Griffin: Yeah, dude, 'cause it was, like, wicked mad serious.
Clint: And listen, I want to tell you—somebody leaked it, because I‘ve been
getting all these tweets, ―Wow, did ya see Magnus‘s backstory? How
did that happen?
Travis: I didn‘t leak it.
Justin: How did that get to the press, Travis?
Travis: I did not leak it.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Clint: I‘m just sayin‘…
Griffin: Someone hacked your internet.
Travis: Might be somebody in my—in my entourage.
Griffin: Your posse. Okay. There are two guards sort of watching the door
that Killian just walked through. And one of them turns and looks at you
kind of sympathetically. The other one is unmoved. Imagine the… what are
they called? The Downton Abbey guards—no, wait. Downton
Abbey‘s not what it‘s called. Those guards at the—
Justin: That‘s not a real place.
Griffin: That‘s not a real place, nor did they have guards!
Travis: You know, where the Queen lives! At Downton Abbey!
Griffin: Where the queen lives, at Downton Abbey! Um… One of these two 
very stoic guards turns and looks at you sort of sympathetically, and kind of
waffles for a bit, and then ultimately—
Travis: He makes waffles?
Griffin: He breaks his post and walks over to you guys and reaches into his
jacket and pulls out a flask and hands it—just sort of holds it in your guys‘
directions just like, ―Here. Hold on, let me come up with a voice for this
guy. ―Here, uh… See, that‘s just
my voice, but lower.
Guard: Here, uh… you guys should drink this. It‘s—trust me, it‘ll help.
Justin: I‘ll take it, I‘ll take it. I‘ll take it.
Guard: Oh, okay. Eager beaver.
Taako: I hope this is Go-Gurt.
Guard: It‘s not. It‘s brandy, but it‘s uh… it‘ll help.
Justin: I tried it, and it is Go-Gurt.
Griffin: No, it‘s—
Travis: Roll for Go-Gurt.
Griffin: No, I—
Justin: It‘s a character choice I‘m making, it‘s definitely Go-Gurt.
Griffin: Okay, but see, the flask is not a character—
Travis: Taako tastes Go-Gurt whenever he drinks libations.
Griffin: Everything Taako drinks magically transmogrifies—that was the
first spell Taako ever cast, and now it‘s a terrible curse.
Justin: And I can‘t get it off! 
Clint: Go-Gurtation.
Taako: Everything tastes like Go-Gurt, darling.
Griffin: It‘s a Sisyphean curse. He thought it was going to be 24/7 Go-Gurt
party, but no, he‘s got like, mad scurvy. Okay, so you—
Taako: No, wait, I don‘t, because it‘s key lime Go-Gurt. So that‘s fine
Travis: Read a book, Griffin.
Taako: On the scurvy, front I‘m cool. Read a book.
Griffin: Are you passing the flask around? Are you hoarding it all to
yourself?
Clint: Don‘t bogart that flask.
Taako: Let me roll to see if I‘m full. Yes, I‘m full, I pass it over to, uh…
Magnus.
Travis: I take a swig. It‘s delicious.
Griffin: It is delicious—
Guard: That is delicious brandy, that‘s from my hometown of Brand—
Brandybu—Brandybuck.
Magnus: I‘m really glad you‘re not from Phandalin.
Guard: Why is that?
Magnus: No reason, no reason.
Merle: Oh, nothin‘, nothin‘!
Guard: I‘ve got a— I‘ve got an uncle in Phandalin. Were you just there?
Taako: Correction, darling. You had an uncle in Phandalin.
Guard: Oh… uh…
Magnus: He was probably away on business, he‘s probably fine.
Guard: Well, I didn‘t—I mean, he wasn‘t like my favorite uncle or anything,
but uh…
Magnus: Good news!
Guard: Okay.
Taako: Great news!
Merle: Yeah, yeah! Just check with the executor of his will. I mean, just
sayin‘.
Travis: Nope, the executor‘s dead, too.
Clint: Aw!
Griffin: As you guys swig this brandy, you find that the dizziness is sort of
passing a little bit. You don‘t know if, y‘know, there is some sort of—if it‘s
neutralizing whatever was happening, or if you‘re just getting a little drunk,
but it is helping out.
Merle: None for me, none for me.
Guard: Are you sure?
Merle: Yeah, I‘m a cleric, I need to set an example for my coworkers.
Guard: You‘re Merle, right? I heard a rumor that you had 1,999 party
points.
Merle: Okay, alright, one little drink.
Guard: No, listen, I don‘t want to peer pressure you. If you don‘t want it,
that‘s fine.
Travis: Drink it.
Merle: Most of those party points deal with piñatas.
Griffin: Okay. You drink it, and it just makes you, like, better than Magnus
and Taako? You just--you are more sociable and more personable because
of this.
Clint: Oh, okay!
Griffin: Because of all the party points. He takes the flask back and says…
Guard: I know things are gonna be pretty confusing for a little while. I
know that you‘ve got the static-y stuff going on, I know that you‘re kinda
dizzy. And listen, every single person that you‘re gonna meet up here,
y‘know, went through the same thing, so don‘t worry. Trust me, it‘s gonna
get a lot better really soon, and we‘re all really excited to have you.
Magnus: Do you guys know this guy?
Merle: Taako, use your ways, get some information.
Guard: Oh, sorry, my name is Avi.
Taako: There you have it! He wasn‘t going to say that, and I made him say
that.
Merle: Ah-fee?
Avi: Avi. A-V-I. It‘s uh… yeah. It‘s actually a very, very common name in
Brandy…buck. I think Brandybuck might be a Lord of the Rings thing, but
here we are.
Magnus: No going back now!
Taako: Certainly not to Phandalin!
Griffin: He says…
Avi: After everything‘s over, why don‘t you guys come find me if you,
y‘know, want to hang out or whatever. I like to—
Magnus: We‘ll bro out.
Avi: Yeah, we can just, you know… lift some weights or something.
Whatever you guys like to do. It‘s all up to you. I like to lift some weights,
so that‘s why I suggested that.
Magnus: That sounds totally great. We need a minute just to process
everything that‘s going on though, so like… I think we‘re good.
Griffin: Just then, as soon as you say, ―We need a minute just to process
everything, Killian comes back into the room and says…
Killian: Okay, you guys are clear! Just follow me, and we can we can get
this show on the road.
Travis: Hold on.
Taako: Bye, Avi!
Travis: Okay, I follow her.
Avi: Nice to meet you guys, you seem like real sweet dudes.
Taako: Right on!
Griffin: You walk out of the hangar, and see that, indeed, you are
surrounded by more of these sort of dome-shaped buildings, these Epcot
ball-esque buildings, and they are of varying sizes. You‘re standing on
almost like a grassy field. It‘s actually very lush, very well kept, better than
you assumed some sort of secret moon base was capable of producing. And,
as you look—
Travis: This goes against everything I‘ve ever thought about
secret moon bases!
Griffin: And as you—
Clint: It‘s got astroturf!
Griffin: No, it‘s real grass. It‘s real—it‘s nice stuff. It‘s the best grass… it‘s
the best grass. That‘s it. That‘s all there is to it. This is—
Clint: Well, that explains Avi‘s demeanor in there.
Griffin: I reach— It‘s not—you‘re not walking on ganj!
Travis: We walk into a field of weed!
Griffin: No, it‘s just really good grass. And I‘m gonna put my word
paintbrush away, now that I‘ve reached the pinnacle.
Justin: I think it‘s starting to dry out a bit.
Griffin: And as you look above you, you actually see the night sky.
This is not some sort of covered installation; you can see the night sky.
There‘s only one moon above you, presumably because you are on top of
the other one. Which doesn‘t exactly make sense quite yet. It‘s not like a
curved—
Justin: Can I ask a question?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Justin: As near as we can tell, is this moon—is the place we‘re in, like, a
façade? Or is it where we would have thought the other moon would have
been? Like—
Griffin: Why don‘t you make a—you guys can make investigation checks if
you wanna try and figure it out.
Travis: I got a nine? Is investigation a skill? Yeah, I got a nine.
Clint: 14.
Griffin: Taako?
Justin: 19.
Griffin: 19. Yeah, just sort of judging by the area of this sort of base, which
is not, like, huge, right? It‘s almost like a… about a football field in diameter.
It‘s, y‘know, it‘s not the area of a moon. So, yeah, you get the impression
that whatever you just went through was some sort of façade, almost like
this is some sort of like… I don‘t know, whatever you‘re standing on is
behind a very elaborate prop. A very elaborate sort of set piece.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: You don‘t see the second moon in the sky anywhere, though, so
that‘s about all that you can suss out with your investigation. Killian is
leading you across this quad, if you will, to a dome that is a little bit smaller,
a little bit shallower than the other ones that you‘re surrounded by.
But it does have this sort of large spear sticking out of the top of it, almost
like the—imagine, like, the Washington Monument coming out of the top of
it. Only, this spear seems to be made of a completely translucent crystal, or
perhaps also glass. A lot of glass up here. You get the impression that these
people are into glass, and they‘re into—
Clint: And grass.
Griffin: Glass, grass, and ass. Nobody rides on this—
Justin: Everybody has a great, amazing ass.
Clint: Nobody rides for free.
Griffin: Everybody‘s ass is amazing.
Travis: Top notch.
Griffin: Top notch.
Justin: Are our ass—do I feel like my ass is better since I‘ve been here?
Griffin: No, you actually feel worse about, sort of, your ass. Like, you don‘t
feel great about it. Just standard. Your standard state, your baseline, is not
like super proud of your own butt.
Justin: Listen, if I don‘t tell you there‘s Go-Gurt in your flask, you don‘t tell
me how I feel about my hind end, okay?
Griffin: Alright.
Justin: Let‘s just have some boundaries.
Griffin: That‘s a fine agreement. Killian is leading you into this dome with
the spear sticking out of the top of it. She takes you inside, and there‘s just
sort of one thing in this room, and it‘s a very large sort of column in the
center of the room with doors on it, and she—
Travis: Is it Zordon?
Griffin: It is not Zordon, no. She rolls up her sleeve and takes out that
bracer with the rune on it that I described to you guys in the last installment
that she used to summon the glass sphere. And the door seems to react to it
and opens up into what looks like an elevator car, and Killian says…
Killian: I can‘t actually go with you guys down there. It‘s sort of highsecurity, but yeah, this is where you need to go next.
Travis: We do that.
Clint: Attention fan artists, Killian‘s bracer might be a wonderful suggestion.
Griffin: There‘s actually been a lot of Killian fan art. She has become a
beloved character. Much more so, I would actually say, than the three of
you. And I get it.
Travis: We‘re gonna have to do a spin-off.
Griffin: Yeah, The Killian Mysteries.
Justin: Killin‘ It.
Griffin: Killin‘ It with Killian. You three step onto the elevator, and you actually hear the doors
to this dome open up once more, and you hear a guy go…
Guy: Uh, can you hold the elevator, please? Can
you hold the elevator?
Clint: Not your doorman.
Guy: Can you hold the elevator, please?
Travis: I start jamming on the button for the door close real quick, like,
―Ehh, c‘mon, c‘mon… 
Griffin: Okay, the door‘s—
Travis: Wait, we hold the door.
Griffin: Okay.
Guy: Thanks, guys.
Griffin: This half-elf man who is dressed in sort of silly, colorful clothing.
He‘s wearing he‘s not really wearing the standard-issue uniform that you‘ve
seen from the people walking around this campus. He is wearing some… a
bard‘s garb, if you will. Feathered cap and everything, pantaloons, billowing
pantaloons.
He has a violin sort of strapped to his back—a fiddle, actually, strapped to
his back. He‘s carrying a few rolls of parchment onto the elevator with you,
and he says…
Guy: Okay, can you press the button now?
Magnus: Yeah?
Guy: Guess we‘re goin' to the ground floor.
Taako: No problem. Do you, uh—do you work here?
Guy: Yeah. What gave it away? Was it the fact that I‘m, like, here? No, no,
man, I‘m, no I just—I got lost and I ended up on a moon base. I‘m just
kidding.
Magnus: That‘s a good kid.
Taako: No, no, it‘s funny.
Merle: Yeah.
Magnus: That was solid.
Taako: No, 'cause we‘re here, and we don‘t work here, so we just…
thought… or, I don‘t know.
Guy: Oh, are you guys initiates or whatever? That‘s cool.
Taako: Yeeeaaah, yeah… initiates…
Travis: Sure. I hit the button.
Griffin: Okay. The elevator doors close, and you start to descend. This bard
looks very sullen. He looks very bummed out. If his voice didn‘t give it away,
this is not what you‘d typically call a happy person.
Travis: I tickle him.
Guy: Okay. Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee. Stop.
Stop. Stop. Hee hee hee.
Clint: Can we have him sound like Michael Bolton?
Griffin: This what he sound—that‘s what Michael Bolton sounds like when he talks.
Clint: That‘s what I thought.
Griffin: You just— you don‘t hear it 'cause he‘s always singing. If Michael—
Travis: I tickle him again.
Guy: Hee hee hee hee. Stop it, for—stop it, seriously.
Travis: He pees a little bit.
Guy: No, I don‘t.
Merle: May I ask your name? Garb bard—barded garber?
Travis: Nailed it.
Justin: It‘s Victor Garber.
Johann: My name is Johann.
Merle: Ah.
Magnus: Okay.
Johann: What‘s—what do you guys—
Magnus: What‘s wrong, dude?
Taako: What seems to be bothering you?
Johann: Everything, I guess. If you think about it, just sort of like,
where I ended up. Like, my life choices and—
Magnus: You‘re on a moon! That‘s pretty great.
Taako: Yeah! You‘re a bard!
Johann: I guess that‘s true. I mean, I don‘t get a lot of customers.
The problem is, fellas, if I‘m going to be frank with you—
Magnus: I thought your name was—
Taako: I thought your name was— 
Johann: Yeah. Good one, assholes.
Taako: Well, mine wasn‘t a joke. I‘m an idiot.
Merle: Go ahead, bud, tell us what‘s on your mind. What‘s bothering you?
Taako: What‘s eatin‘ ya, Johann?
Johann: I‘m, um… I‘m like the greatest violinist basically ever.
Magnus: Oh, okay.
Johann: I mean, I don‘t see any point in being like, humble about it. I don‘t
wanna lie to you guys. I‘m basically like the best violinist ever. But nobody‘s
ever gonna know who I am, and that—I don‘t know, it just gets to me
sometimes, y‘know?
Travis: I put my hand on his shoulder and say…
Magnus: We know who you are, Frank.
Johann: Don‘t fucking tickle me again, man. I‘m not—I‘m like… an adult
man, and you‘re an adult man.
Merle: Magnus. Easy.
Travis: I tickle him.
Johann: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Stop it.
Griffin: He pulls out his violin and he‘s like…
Johann: Would you guys actually mind if I played for you?
Taako: Threw it away?
Johann: No.
Merle: No, no no.
Travis: Griffin, would I have to roll to see if I smash his violin?
Johann: Oh, don‘t—I—please don‘t.
Merle: Will you do Devil Went Down to Georgia?
Johann: No. But I—
Merle: I think he‘s really Charlie Daniels.
Johann: I‘ll do Asmodeus Went Down to Phandalin.
Merle: No don‘t do that. No. No.
Griffin: He starts to play a song on his violin that is, in fact, the most
goddamn gorgeous piece of music the three of you have ever heard. Taako,
even you, an imbecile, can recognize the beauty of the tune that this sad,
sad bard is playing for you. His claims are a hundred percent accurate. He is
the most incredible musician any of you have ever heard. You guys are
moved to tears. You can make a check to see if you‘re moved to tears, but
it‘s gonna be a really—
Travis: No, Magnus is, because it‘s one of my personality traits.
Griffin: Is that he‘s--he cries—
Justin: Eight.
Griffin: Eight? Yeah, you‘re crying.
Clint: Six.
Griffin: Merle, six. Crying even harder than Taako. And Magnus—
Clint: Snot bubbles. I got snot bubbles.
Griffin: You‘re crying harder—Travis, you‘re just—Magnus, you‘re just… Just wailing and gnashing, just—
Travis: Keening. That‘s the word you‘re looking for. I‘m keening.
Griffin: You‘re just slamming yourself against the side of this elevator,
just— And he stops—
Justin: Can I roll to see if the irony of us hearing the most beautiful
music ever in an elevator dawns on me?
 Griffin: No, it just—it does. Man, I didn‘t—I really didn‘t think
about that when I wrote this.
Clint: Is it Girl from Ipanema?
Travis: He plays the song and it goes like this. 
Griffin: Great. He says he stops… he stops bowing, he puts his violin back.
Justin: Sorry, is it called bowing?
Griffin: Yeah, I think so.
Justin: Okay, I didn‘t know.
Griffin: And he says…
Johann: See, I told you guys. Oh, gosh.
Merle: That was absolutely beautiful.
Travis: Magnus picks himself up off the floor.
Griffin: Yeah. You guys are, like, intimidated by this person now, maybe.
It‘s, this is—it was amazing, you guys. I can‘t even try and like, fake it out.
Travis: Sing it, Griffin.
Griffin: I can‘t even do it! 'Cause it was too beautiful, it was amazing. You
think to yourselves, like, ―I will never forget this moment when I heard this
dope-ass tune. 
Travis: Is it better or worse than Call Me Maybe?
Griffin: It—equal.
Justin: Wow.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Wow.
Justin: Schwow.
Clint: Alright, when you put in those terms…
Griffin: Suddenly you hear—
Magnus: Johann, why aren‘t you using this gift out in the world? You
should be like, singing before, or, playing before kings!
Johann: It‘s in the contract, you guys, it‘s… y‘know, it‘s—I wish there was
something I could do about it. I‘m not complaining, like, it‘s hard out there
to find a job as a bard.
Magnus: In this economy?
Johann: In this economy, not a lot—you don‘t get a lot of tips, you get a lot 
of, y‘know, staying in unclean lodging. There‘s a lot of syphilis. Just like, a
lot of syphilis. Like, a lot, you guys—
Magnus: In the contract?
Johann: Guys, there‘s like… a lot of syphilis. An unconscionable amount of syphilis.
Merle: So who, who do you work for? Who signs that check?
Magnus: This is a really slow elevator.
Johann: Yeah, well, yeah. It‘s a fantasy elevator, so…
Griffin: Suddenly you hear from the fantasy elevator, ―Bing bong! And the
doors slide open and he says…
Johann: Well—
Clint: Thank god.
Griffin: He says…
Johann: First floor, menswear. Just kidding.
Griffin: And he walks out.
Travis: I wanna roll to see if I get it.
Griffin: He walks out—
Travis: I do.
Griffin: The door has opened up into a sort of short hallway with a very
large, very secure door at the other end of it. And in this hallway, standing
rank-in-file on either side, is like 14 guards. This is a very, very secure area.
He-- the bard, Johann, walks forward and, y‘know, makes it past them
without any issue. And he turns and he says…
Johann: Oh, these guys are new recruits. They‘re going to get inoculated,
so don‘t worry about them.
Griffin: And all the guards sort of right their spears and allow you to pass.
Taako: Wait! Before we take another step… I don‘t see any menswear…
Johann: You‘re uh… you‘re like, really dumb, yeah?
Taako: I‘ve—
Merle: Or…
Taako: Or…
Merle: Crazy like a fox!
Taako: Crazy like—maybe I‘m dumb like a fox.
Johann: Okay.
Griffin: He puts his—he rolls up his sleeve. He also has one of these 
bracers, and he taps it on the secure door, and one of the guards walks over
and does the same with his own bracer. You notice all of them have this
same bracer—
Justin: This is definitely going to be our first toy, right? Like, when Mattel
comes a-calling, like—
Clint: Yeah.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Justin: Like, weird fantasy bracer that Killian wears is gonna be our first—
Travis: You know how Mattel‘s always on the lookout for toys to make off
of podcasts?
Griffin: I mean—
Justin: Yeah, Mattel‘s on the lookout for podcast toys.
Griffin: You—
Travis: Toy microphone from WTF, with Marc Maron!
Griffin: The rune on the bracer—I‘m gonna try and describe it. I have the
shape, it‘s just going to be difficult to describe with words. Imagine sort of
two triangles, isosceles triangles… that‘s when they all have the same angle,
yeah?
Clint: Yeah.
Justin: That‘s equilateral.
Griffin: Is it?
Clint: Yes.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Oh, I don‘t know.
Travis: I just want to point out, Dad agreed with both of those sentences.
In like, an equal like— ―That‘s isosceles, right? ―Yes. ―I think that‘s
equilateral. ―Yes. 
Griffin: So, two—there are two triangles, sort of stacked on top of each
other, end—point to point. Imagine like a play button, but two of those,
almost forming like a, uh, angular ―B shape. Do you have that in mind? Can
you comprehend those shapes?
Clint: Okay.
Justin: Yes.
Griffin: And then another set of those, but backwards, and pointing inward.
To—so four triangles, all sort of pointing inward towards one another,
creating a diamond-esque shape. That is the shape of this rune on
everybody‘s bracer. But as you look around, you actually notice that there
are some banners hanging on the walls of this hallway. You‘ve actually seen
it out on the campus, that has the same shape on it, so maybe this is some
sort of company logo or insignia.
Travis: Now, Griffin, just to clarify. At this point we met a dude who wanted
to lift weights with us. We walked across a quad, and we‘ve been traveling
through a campus.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Travis: Are we at a college?
Griffin: No. Well, maybe.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: The secure door opens after the second security guard walks over
and taps his bracer to it. And the room that opens up is very large, and very
dark, save for a tank in the middle. The tank is sort of lit from underneath
showing sort of a dark, opaque liquid floating inside of it, and something is
in there.
You can sort of make out the shadow of something from this under-lighting.
But you can‘t really get your eyes to focus on whatever this thing is. You
hear some sort of whale sounds, if you will, which puts the three of you in
the mood, for reasons that you don‘t really understand. Yeah you can make
out sort of a— Wait, hold on, god.
Travis: You can do it.
Justin: Like somebody‘s watching Star Trek 4 in the next room.
Griffin: Imagine that chamber from Star Trek 4, yeah. A whale chamber.
But the—it‘s not a whale in there, you can‘t—again, when you try to like,
focus your eyes on this thing to see it, to like, really ascertain its silhouette
or shape, you can‘t… Your eyes just don‘t seem capable of doing it. And—
Justin: Is the sensation similar to the audio sensation that we get when we
hear, like, Killian talk about her organization? Just like, an inability to hear?
Griffin: You get that sensation a little bit. And also this dizziness, and um,
disorientation that you felt since you stepped foot onto the base is
overwhelming here. The three of you are almost reeling.
Clint: I think we need the flask again.
Griffin: You don‘t have it. Avi kept that for himself. The bard walks over,
and uh, walks over to the base of this tank. There‘s a very large, heavy base 
to this tank, which stretches up all the way to the ceiling. And in this base,
he opens up a flap. He opens up a panel in the base, and puts his rolls of
parchment inside, and closes the flap, and pulls a lever right next to it, and
he says…
Johann: There goes another great composition.
Griffin: And you see the parchment float up into the tank. You see some
sort of tendril reach out, wrap itself around it, and pull it towards the mass.
And then all of a sudden this beautiful music that the three of you just
heard… you can‘t seem to make it out.
You can‘t seem to—you knew that this was the most beautiful song you‘ve
ever heard, and you would never forget it, but you can‘t seem to remember
the melody. You can‘t seem to remember that moment at all. You remember
that this guy played music for you, but when you try to remember the music
itself, the—that memory just isn‘t there anymore. Which is very sad.
Justin: I treasured that memory, and now it‘s gone.
Griffin: And the bard says…
Johann: Okay, feeding time‘s over. You guys ready for stuff to get weird?
Clint: Start?
Griffin: He walks the three of you over to a spigot on the side of this tank
and takes out three vials. And—
Clint: Oh… no…
Griffin: Opens up the spigot and this black, inky liquid pours into each one,
and he hands you these three vials and says…
Johann: This isn‘t gonna taste great. It sort of—
Magnus: I bet it tastes like Go-Gurt.
Johann: It sort of has the consistency of Go-Gurt, so not a lot of people get
down on that. But I‘ll warn you guys – once you drink that, there really isn‘t
any going back.
Magnus: Going back from what?
Merle: Going to what?
Johann: From not… from not drinking it.
Magnus: Okay so once we drink it, we can‘t un-drink it, is what you‘re
saying, Johann. Very helpful.
Johann: That‘s basically—
Merle: Johann‘s very pragmatic!
Johann: Well, I don‘t—I just cut through the bullshit, y‘know?
Justin: That‘s Johann.
Travis: That‘s Johann, straight shooter.
Justin: Can I do a…
Griffin: Flavor check?
Clint: Why don‘t we ask him some questions? If we‘ve gotta make this big
decision--we don‘t even know what‘s going on!
Justin: We‘re not gonna be able to know what‘s going on, because we
can‘t—
Travis: I drink the vial.
Justin: I mean we could try to ask, but—
Clint: Oh, dear god.
Justin: You know what I‘m saying? It‘s that same… I bet if he tried to—
Okay, first off, let me say two things out of character to you guys.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: First off, Johann didn‘t lead us here, right? We told him we were
initiates, right?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Justin: Like, are we running a scam, here? Like, if we start asking a bunch
of questions is he gonna think that we aren‘t initiates? Like—
Clint: Well, Killian brought us here.
Justin: Ye—Killian brought us here, but she didn‘t get us past the guards. I
don‘t know if we‘re, like—
Griffin: She did take you to the elevator, and this elevator‘s only got one
stop.
Justin: Okay, so this—
Griffin: I should mention that, there was only one button.
Clint: So this is legit.
Travis: I think this is a case of, our DM has set up a situation where we‘re
supposed to drink this thing and join this club.
Griffin: No, no, no, you do whatever you want.
Clint: I want to know more about it.
Travis: Magnus drinks the vial.
Clint: Of course he does.
Justin: Okay, why don‘t you ask him a few questions, then?
Griffin: Did—well, if Magnus just drank the vial then we need to resolve
some stuff real quick.
Justin: Oh, great.
Travis: I‘m all about action! Thought is for dorks.
Griffin: Okay. I almost feel like I should kick Dad and Justin off the call
while I reveal this information to you.
Justin: Yes, do that, and then, that‘ll--this‘ll be fun.
Griffin: M‘kay. Do you guys want to just take your headphones off for a
second?
Justin: Yeah, we‘ll take our headphones off.
Griffin: Okay, can you hear us Justin? No. Okay, that was a test.
Travis. Your mind… reels. You immediately remember the music, and you
are moved, and you are grateful. But with each passing second, you
remember more and more. You remember Killian telling you, in the mine,
asking if you‘re there for the Phoenix Fire Gauntlet. You remember the Black
Spider asking you if you were members of the Bureau of Balance. You 
remember beyond that. You remember months and months and years
beyond that.
You remember a war that destroyed entire towns, you remember bloodshed,
you remember, vaguely, you remember just this… carnage and conflict that
seems too enormous for you to have possibly forgotten. You lost loved ones
in this war, you lost a lot of people you know. It was a time of great turmoil,
and you remember it. You don‘t remember the particulars, but you
remember it. And you look up, and you see in the tank, clear as day…
Travis: Zordon.
Griffin: Almost like Zordon, but not at all. This giant, almost like, jellyfish,
with enormous--like, it is the size of a whale, but jellyfish-shaped, with
thousands of tendrils reaching off its body. And inside of its body, you can
almost make out, like, a galaxy, like a swirling nebula of stars and
constellations.
Travis: Am I right to assume that this is beautiful?
Griffin: It‘s—it is beautiful, yeah. I mean, it‘s fucking super weird. You have
never seen anything like this, and you get the distinct impression that very
few people in existence have ever seen anything like this. But the dizziness,
the nausea, the disorientation is all gone, and your head is… your head
is right.
Travis: Is it erotic in any way?
Griffin: Are you into tentacle stuff? I guess we haven‘t addressed that
particular character trait.
Travis: Nah, nah, that ain‘t Magnus‘ bag.
Griffin: Nah, you into more—
Travis: Nah, dog. 
Griffin: You into a more vanilla sexual experience. So that‘s what you have
received, and let‘s get the boys back on.
Justin: Hey.
Griffin: Hey. Okay, we‘re back.
Magnus: Oh my god, you guys.
Griffin: Trav—Magnus stands before you. His vial is empty. As he drank it,
you saw him sort of just sort of stand almost paralyzed, for like a halfminute, with his eyes wide open. But now he is standing before you and he
is standing upright. He‘s not sort of struggling to get his footing like the two
of you are. He‘s— he doesn‘t seem to be dizzy. He seems… fine.
Magnus: Guys. It‘s all clear. I remember everything.
Clint: Perception check. I want to see if he wet his pants.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Listen. Maybe I did.
Clint: A little.
Travis: That‘s between me and my god.
Justin: It may or may not be fla—vial-related.
Clint: Well let me see—I have an idea. I want to cast the spell of augury.
Griffin: Do you have that? You just keep saying you have spells and I never
fact-check you.
Travis: Do you want me guys—do you want me to just tell you what
happened?
Clint: No! No.
Justin: No.
Clint: It‘s really simple. If I cast augury, all you have to do is tell me—you
look at the next 30 minutes, and you tell us whether it‘s going to be good
results or bad results.
Travis: Really?
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: That‘s it.
Travis: Seems like a super-powerful spell.
Griffin: Okay, go for it.
Clint: So I cast augury, so you tell us if, within the next— you actually have
four choices. Weal, which means good results; woe, which is bad results—
Griffin: This is gonna be—you are in a weal and woe situation.
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: It‘s gonna get super fucking weal up in here.
Clint: In the next 30 minutes, it‘s gonna be good and bad.
Griffin: Yep.
Magnus: Here‘s the thing, you guys. So basically what‘s going on is…
[static] And in the cave, when we were looking for the [static], she was
explaining that [static]. So basically what‘s going on is [static].
Taako: Well this is just annoying now.
Justin: I drink the vial.
Clint: Alright. Does he stand there stupefied for a minute?
Magnus: Merle, you should drink.
Clint: Alright. I look around. I don‘t see the lady carrying the log, or BOB. I drink the damn vial.
Griffin: You pound it. The two of you pound it. And then you get the exact
same description that I just gave Travis, which I will—
Clint: Oh, I peed my pants!
Griffin: Which I will explain during this commercial break, so I don‘t have
to do it again. Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master.
Thank you very much for tuning into episode seven of The Adventure Zone,
which is part of an interlude chapter that we have not come up with a clever
subtitle for yet. Um, really, how can you beat Here There Be Gerblins? I
don't know. 
In retrospect, that subtitle actually ended up being a little bit inaccurate.
Because uh, I feel like gerblins maybe took a back seat to uh, flaming dwarf
men monsters in the later parts of that chapter. But yeah, this is sort of an
interlude chapter that is setting up the rest of the campaign that I've been
writing. I apologize for it being so, I guess, exposition heavy, but it‘s kind of
a necessary evil.
The Adventure Zone has—this is very exciting—a new sponsor this week!
Uh, people are listening to the show, saying, ―Yes, this is the vehicle with
which I would like to sell my product or service. 
This week, our sponsor is Crunchyroll. No, I'm not advertising tempura fried
maki. No, I'm talking about Crunchyroll, which is the anime streaming
service. If you're a fan of anime, or if you will, a fanime… that sounds a lot
like Fanny May, which is a different thing. If you are an anime consumer,
then you‘ve probably already heard of Crunchyroll before. But if you're not,
Crunchyroll could be the thing that gets you on board with this artistic
medium.
Crunchyroll is a streaming service that has all kinds of popular shows like
Naruto, uh, One Piece, Sword Art Online, a lot of the hits. They also have a
bunch of new shows, if you've used Crunchyroll before. There‘s a lot of new
content waiting for you, including a show called Cute High Earth Defense
Club Love, which is such a good goddamn title for something. It makes me
extremely angry that we‘ve just sort of settled for Adventure Zone, when we
could‘ve been Cute High Earth Defense Club Love.
If you go to Crunchyroll.com/Zone, and sign up for Crunchyroll premium,
you will get a whole month of free anime, ad-free. That‘s the world‘s largest
collection of anime on Crunchyroll, free for 30 days, with zero ads. That
premium membership, by the way, gets you HD, 1080p quality episodes that
pop up in Crunchyroll within an hour of premiering in Japan, which is crazy.
So go to Crunchyroll.com/Zone, tell them The Adventure Zone sent you, and
hopefully they can continue supporting the show.
I want to thank everybody for tweeting about the show on Twitter. Tweeting
on Twitter? Yeah, I guess that‘s where people typically do it. Uh, using the
hash tag, #TheZoneCast. Uh, you can also find us on Twitter
@TheZoneCast, or at our individual names. We really appreciate you guys
getting the word out. A lot of people have been leaving reviews on iTunes,
which I can't tell you how much that helps us out on getting like, a foothold
on the iTunes charts, which is really important for new shows like ours.
If you tweet about the show using the hash tag, #TheZoneCast, there is a
chance that you could end up as a character, much like Avi Warner, who is
Avi Warner on Twitter, uh, who you may have just heard as the guard that
got our heroes drunk at the beginning of this episode. And Johann, who is
Jay Forcel on Twitter. Johann, the sad, sad bard, who we just met just
before the break.
So I talked about this in an earlier episode, but I'm going to start taking
item submissions from you, the listener, that I will stock an in-game shop
with for Merle, Taako and Magnus to purchase items from that can help
them out on the adventure. I'm kind of still figuring out how I'm going to
balance this, because if anybody sends in an item that‘s like, ―It‘s a gun that
kills dragons by pointing it at a dragon, uh, that might sort of break the
flow of the game.
But if you have any like, cool ideas for items that the heroes might buy, why
don‘t you email those to us at AdventureZoneCast@gmail.com. Again, that is
AdventureZoneCast@gmail.com. Just shoot me a short description of the
item, and the name of the item, and if you want, a price. I think each of
them have like, six hundo at this point. Yeah, go ahead and shoot that to us,
and uh, maybe next time we record, I will send them to Fantasy Costco to
peruse your items.
Again, one last time. AdventureZoneCast@gmail.com.
Thank you all for listening. If you haven‘t, give the other shows on the
Maximum Fun network a listen. There‘s Jordan, Jesse, GO!, Judge John
Hodgman, Throwing Shade, Goose Down, Lady to Lady, all kinds of really
terrific shows. The four of us have our other shows that we do, too, like My
Brother, My Brother, and Me, which is an advice show that Justin and Travis 
and I do. There‘s Sawbones, which Justin and his wife Sydnee do about
medical history. And Bunker Buddies, which Travis does with Andy Bolt
about surviving various apocalypses.
That‘s enough from me. Let‘s get back to the episode. Thank you all very,
very much for listening. Next episode is the Thursday after next, and I will
talk to you then. Okay, bye! Whew! That was note-for-note the same shit. I just crushed it.
Great memory, Griffin!
Clint: Okay, I‘m sorry, I‘m back. What, now?
Griffin: I am going to lose my mind.
Justin: Yeah, Dad had to step out to take a call.
Clint: I‘m sorry. What‘d you say? I‘m kidding!
Griffin: Oh my god, I was about to cancel, thank you all for listening. Ugh, god.
Justin: Would you put that in the show twice?
Griffin: I don‘t know. It was literally the same thing. I think people might 
just get bored and turn it off. Lot of exposition in there, I don‘t want to make
them double-exposé.
Clint: No, that was—sometimes we have to have something inside baseball,
just for us.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. Listening audience, they literally just received the exact
same shit I just told Travis. They didn‘t say anything funny, so before you
email asking for the stuff on the cutting room floor, there was—
Justin: There is a pretty good lost bit where Dad pretended he hadn‘t been
here for the whole thing, and then Griffin got angry at him. So if Griffin left
that out, it‘s because he‘s embarrassed of losing his composure.
Clint: That‘ll be on the Blu-ray. We‘ll put that on the Blu-ray.
Griffin: No, I‘ll leave that in, that was pretty good. Okay, so back… we are
all on equal knowledge footing.
Taako: Guys, I don‘t think that was Go-Gurt.
Griffin: It was a new— It was a new relevation flavor—revelation
flavored Go-Gurt.
Clint: Relevation is good.
Taako: Every time I eat Go-Gurt it‘s a reve—relevation.
Justin: That‘s not a word! I said your dumb word! 
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: With all those memories that came back—
Griffin: Yes.
Clint: All the—is there any chance that the memory of shredded lettuce
came back?
Justin: Do I remember shredded lettuce or chopped tomatoes?
Clint: Come on, give us a little something.
Justin: Pico.
Clint: A little—we remember shredded lettuce.
Griffin: Let me think. Taako, you harken back to a time when you
were working on your grandpa‘s farm, and you were—you‘re an elf, right?
Justin: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: You, okay, you were the tender age of 65 years old, and…
Justin: And I was on Tinder.
Griffin: You were on Tinder, and you weren‘t paying attention to your
farmly chores. And you were beating some milk that you got out of a fantasy
cow. You were whipping it, trying to form some sort of cream, and your
grandpa… Tostaada, walks out and says…
Tostaada: Taako, what‘re you doing? You‘ve been whipping that cream so
long in the hot sun, it done turned sour.
Justin: Oh! Count it!
Griffin: So that is—that memory sticks out in your mind. It‘s very poignant.
And you feel like perhaps the Grand Eldritch Mystery has revealed a bit of
itself to you once again.
Clint: Cream that is sour… what shall we call it?
Justin: I just say, out loud, after I drink the vial—the first words out of my
mouth after I drink the vial are…
Taako: Sour cream!
Griffin: You remember a war! A great and terrib—
Justin: I rush to grab my book.
Griffin: A great and terrible war, where all of your friends—where a lot of
your friends died, and the first words out of your mouth—
Clint: First words out of his mouth—
Travis: And everyone in the room goes silent for, like, a solid five minutes,
just kind of shuffling their feet, and like, ―Um… 
Justin: I rush to grab my book, which, as you all remember, is a copy of
Uncle John‘s Elven Bathroom Reader that I‘ve been writing in the margins of,
and I scribble down 'sour cream.‘
Griffin: That‘s your spell book, is an Uncle John‘s Bathroom Reader.
Justin: Uncle John‘s Elven Bathroom Reader.
Griffin: Well I— how is it different from the human variation?
Justin: There‘s pictures of leaves around the edges.
Griffin: Okay, it smells of sandalwood.
Clint: Thank you, mighty DM, for sharing that information.
Travis: So, Ditto—
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Griffin. In any of that, did we, like, learn anything about the
umbrella that we picked up in the dungeon, or anything like that?
Griffin: Nope.
Travis: Huh. 'Kay.
Griffin: You remember that the—they referred to the gauntlet that was at
the, y‘know, that caused all that bad, bad shit to happened; that was what
they were referring to as the Phoenix Fire Gauntlet.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: The umbrella? No. And you don‘t, like… I might have you guys do,
like, an investigation check if you want to like, try and deduce what the hell
just happened to you.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: Actually, can I do an arcana check?
Griffin: Yeah, sure! If you want.
Justin: Assuming that was magical?
Griffin: Yeah. I mean, actually, it would be more of a, is there like a—
Justin: Well, I wouldn‘t know.
Griffin: A nature check? To try and discern what kind of animal this is?
Justin: I mean, I wouldn‘t know whether or not I should use arcana or not.
I do want a nature check, but—
Travis: Ditto, I rolled 17. So just decide what it needs to be, and that‘s
what I rolled for.
Griffin: No sir, that‘s not how we play Dungeons & Dragons.
Travis: But I rolled the dice!
Griffin: That‘s not how we play Dungeons & Dragons!
Justin: That‘s an eight.
Griffin: No.
Justin: Okay, so I have an 18 in arcana, which is like magical type things I
would know—like, sort of how much I know about magical crap.
Griffin: Whatever this… effect was… alchemy is a school of magic, right,
that involves sort of potions, and unguents, and formulas, and stuff like that.
So it wasn‘t that, and it wasn‘t… whatever this was, you get the impression
that it wasn‘t… magical. No magic here.
Justin: Hmm.
Travis: Alright, well I got a 17 investigation check, is what I was rolling.
Griffin: Okay. With that investigation check, you sort of discern that…
everything that has sort of come to your guys‘ minds are memories. And
not… new information, if that makes sense. You didn‘t—if you will, you didn‘t
learn anything. You just sort of remembered.
Travis: So we—so the world that we live in lived through a terrible war, in 
which many people died, and then it was just erased from the consciousness
of the people?
Clint: Well, from us.
Justin: Well, from us, at least, certainly. Griffin, I got a 21 in nature.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, I mean this thing looks like a jellyfish, but… I mean,
jellyfish—
Travis: But it kisses like a man!
Griffin: It‘s— I mean, it‘s the size of a whale and it‘s got like, a like, stars
and shit floating inside of it. So that‘s not typical for jellyfish behavior.
Justin: Okay. You heard when I said 21, right?
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Okay. Just wanted to make sure.
Griffin: Johann sort of looks—eyes the three of you, sees that you‘ve
finished sort of digesting this ichor, and says…
Johann: You guys… you guys good?
Magnus: Yeah, yeah, super great.
Johann: Uh… Bureau of Balance. Did you guys hear that? No, no static—
Magnus: Yeah, we got that one.
Merle: Yeah.
Magnus: Bureau of Balance.
Merle: Bureau of Balance.
Johann: Sweet, sweet, sweet. Cool. Well—
Clint: Do we remember him?
Merle: Do we remember you, Johann?
Griffin: No. You don‘t—I mean, you didn‘t forget him—
Justin: From 30 seconds ago, but other than that…
Griffin: Right.
Travis: We‘ve not met him before.
Griffin: You never forgot him. Yeah, you‘ve just met him today. He says…
Johann: Cool. Well, welcome to the… welcome to the club, I guess.
Um… thanks for taking the red pill, right?
Magnus: What?
Johann: Nevermind. So, yeah—
Justin: And we instantly remember The Matrix.
Griffin: You remember the first one. You don‘t want to remember the
second and third.
Travis: Griffin, does the jellyfish creature seem to be like, responsive, or 
acknowledging us in any way? Or is it just there, livin‘ its own life, like,
separate from the world?
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s floating, it‘s moving. It‘s not like, stationary or dead, but
it‘s not like--it doesn‘t have eyeballs to look at you. It‘s not holding up a sign
saying like, ―Ha ha, you guys just drank my shit, like—
Clint: Well, we did.
Justin: Trav, I wouldn‘t grill Griffin too much on it, ‘cause I got a 21 in
nature, and what I learned from that is that it‘s a giant jellyfish and jellyfish
aren‘t usually giant and don‘t normally have stars in them.
Justin: That‘s what my—so I‘m—I‘m thinking that this is more of a rough
sketch right now.
Travis: Okay, well, I clearly recognize this is a special thing. Magnus bows
before it, just out of deference and respect.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: And ass-kissing.
Griffin: And Johann says…
Johann: Wait… what are you doing? What are you—
Magnus: Bowing to your weird jellyfish god.
Johann: Are you bowing? It‘s not a god. At least, I don‘t think so. None of us really know.
Magnus: You don‘t know shit, Johann.
Johann: We don‘t, that‘s—I mean, you‘re not a hundred percent wrong. So
this thing is the, uh… we call it the Voidfish. That‘s not, like, I mean, that‘s
probably not its real name.
Magnus: Did you guys, like, take a long time to come up with that one?
Johann: I actually spun that one just sort of straight off the dome, and it
just kind of stuck.
Merle: Is it because it‘s been voiding into that water we just drank?
Johann: No. I mean, yeah. But that‘s not why it‘s called that. Yeah, we—I
mean, it‘s the only one, like, ever. So… Those kinds of things typically don‘t
get named, so we just sort of stuck with Voidfish, and um, it‘s pretty cool.
If you feed it—it feeds on information, and then, whatever information you
give it, it just sort of… removes from, well, from existence. It just sort of
stops existing, unless you‘ve been inoculated and drank… ―drank from the
tank is what we say down here in the game keeping department.
Magnus: So that‘s why Johann‘s so bummed out. 'Cause he has to write
these songs, and then let the Voidfish consume them.
Johann: Yeah, that‘s sort of my job here, to keep this thing fat and happy,
'cause man, if it dies, we‘re all fucked. So, yeah, I write these compositions
and feed him—
Magnus: Why?
Johann: Why?
Magnus: Yes. What serv—aside from letting people drink its poop, what
service is it providing? What does it do?
Johann: It might be—hold on, it might be its pee.
Magnus: Aside from letting people drink its waste—
Johann: It‘s not all pee. There‘s, like, water and stuff in there too. It‘s not
just floating around in its own waste. Look at this beautiful goddamn
jellyfish. You think this thing is just like a—some sort of poop weirdo?
Magnus: So, but what does it do?
Johann: It makes—it destroys information. It just sort of obliviates—
Taako: But what happens if it—what would happen if it died?
Johann: Then everyone would remember. And that would be—
Magnus: And that would be bad.
Johann: Guys, you‘re gonna learn a lot of stuff here in the next, like, uhh,
20 minutes or so. And if all of that—if everyone down there knew that…
Well, I mean they used to, and that‘s what caused—
Magnus: Okay, super cool, Johann. Who‘s in charge, here?
Johann: That‘s the Director. Now—now that you guys have been
inoculated, she‘ll probably want to see you.
Magnus: Could you take us to her?
Johann: I‘m not—I mean, I‘m not the valet here. I‘m the gamekeeper,
but—
Travis: I slip him five bucks.
Johann: Oh, oh, thank you, sir! Oh, wow, five whole dollars!
Travis: And there‘s more where that came from.
Justin: Can I just double-check on Travis inventing paper
currency? Like, that‘s…
Clint: Hey, put that in the little chute there.
Griffin: They‘re actually Magnus-bucks. It‘s a special currency—
Travis: Good at any Magnus location! Not to be used in association with
any other Magnus coupons.
Griffin: He points you back towards the elevator and says…
Johann: Ask one of the guards, and they‘ll get you there.
Magnus: Okay, thanks.
Johann: Can I just say, though, it‘s like, nice to meet you guys.
Magnus: Super great meeting you too, Johann.
Merle: And let me tell you, Johann. I think that of all the people we‘ve met
here, you are the [static] one of all.
Johann: No. That‘s not how it works.
Merle: I‘m just messing with you! 
Taako: 
Travis: Roll to see if Johann finds that funny.
Johann: But it wasn‘t, like, a good joke. 'Cause, like those typically make
sense—
Travis: I said roll!
Merle: Give me a break, I‘ve still got fish poop taste in my mouth.
Griffin: He rolled a—oh my god, the d20 landed on an edge! We‘ll never
know. Yeah, he points towards the door and says…
Johann: That way. There you go.
Travis: I tickle him.
Johann: Oh, god.
Griffin: He doesn‘t let you. He actually slaps your hand out of the way with
a very deft strike.
Travis: But we both have kind of a winking, like—
Johann: Don‘t you fu—no.
Travis: Like, ―Ah, that‘s good. Remember when we did that before? 'Cause
we remember now.
Johann: It wasn‘t nice to meet you. I take that one back. You two are cool,
though.
Travis: I slip him another fiver.
Johann: Thank you. What can I spend these on, though?
Magnus: Magnus merchandise.
Clint: Only at Chuck E. Cheese.
Magnus: The Magnus experience.
Johann: What‘s that?
Magnus: What‘s the Magnus experience?
Johann: Yeah, walk me through it, step-by-step.
Magnus: Well, basically you go through this animatronic house that‘s set
up, and you get to feel what it‘s like to have a day in the life of Magnus.
Justin: Like Dolly Parton‘s Dollywood!
Travis: Exactly.
Justin: Travel to the Appalachian home, in which she learned her craft!
Travis: It‘s narrated by Hal Holbrook.
Johann: Is there a room—
Clint: When Magnus started out, he was just a young warrior...
Johann: Is there—are you going to have to now build a room onto the
Magnus Experience that involves customers who pay to go through the
Magnus Experience drinking a vial of shit?
Magnus: Correct. The Magnus Experience is ever-evolving. Every time you
go back, you‘re never going to have the same trip twice.
Justin: You know, that‘s true. Debra and the kids wanted to go back. I
said, ―We just went there in June. We went back, it was almost completely
the same, but the gift shop was different. There were new items.
Magnus: And coming this winter, we have a Harry Potter Experience.
Johann: Harry wha—oh, yeah, him. Anyway, get lost, all right? I‘ve got
stuff to do.
Justin: I get lost.
Griffin: Okay, he points you back towards the elevator. And as you make
your way through, the doors open, and a very old man, a human man, walks 
out. And he‘s wearing very--just sort of a plain brown robe. He‘s got sort of
a tonsure haircut. And he is also carrying a roll of parchment, and you hear
Johann yell out…
Johann: Come on in, let‘s let‘s get this over with. I hate—this is my least
favorite part.
Griffin: And the sort of old monk-looking man walks by you with the
parchment. if you guys want to try and make a perception check to see
what‘s going on on this parchment…
Clint: I already know who he is. I know who he is.
Griffin: You do?
Clint: He walks by and he says, ―The force will be with you, always. 
Griffin: No, that wasn‘t—
Clint: Oh, okay.
Travis: I got an 18. Nope, sorry, a 17. I have minus one. 17.
Clint: I got an 18.
Justin: 22.
Griffin: 22. You can actually see this parchment. You see a familiar name
on it. You see the name Magic Brian, and you see, ―Age: 121. Drow. Male.
6‘1 . You see basically a stat sheet with information on Magic Brian. Those
basic stats are basically—
Travis: His likes, his dislikes.
Griffin: Well, the monk sort of brushes past you a little bit too quickly for
you—
Travis: His bra size.
Griffin: For you to get into what really turned him on, when he was among
the living.
Clint: Magic Brian likes long walks on the beach and soft, gentle kisses.
Griffin: But this monk walks by with this rap sheet on Magic Brian, and
walks through the heavily guarded door, which swings shut, leaving the
three of you in the hallway to the elevator.
Travis: Are we the only ones in the hallway? Are there guards there?
Griffin: The guards, the 14 guards are still there.
Trav: Okay. I say…
Magnus: Hello, would any of you fancy gentleman care to help us find The
Director?
Guard: I will!
Travis: Oh, no.
Griffin: No, there isn‘t anybody who sounds like that. One of the guards walks out and beckons towards you onto the
elevator, and puts his bracer to the door and it opens up.
Magnus: Sweet bracer, dude.
Griffin: He says, uh…
Guard: Thanks. You‘re gonna get your own here in a bit. You guys
inoculated?
Magnus: Yeah. Yeah, we‘ve been inoculated.
Guard: Well, can I ask you a question—
Magnus: We believe in vaccinations.
Guard: What did, uh… what did you guys think it tasted like? 'Cause I
don‘t—I think it tastes kinda like of kind of like crab rangoon, a little bit.
Merle: Yeah, that, yeah.
Magnus: Yeah, I see that. I can see that. Mine was kind of like—
Guard: Had sort of a creamy consistency, but it definitely sort of had that
like, fresh seafood taste to it.
Magnus: Yeah, I would say it was more of like a… like a salmon roe kind of
thing, y‘know?
Guard: Oh, yeah, I could get that too.
Merle: With a soupçon of poop.
Magnus: Y‘know, we discussed if it was a poop or pee thing. Maybe it was
the jellyfish sperm?
Guard: There‘s any kind of—any number of fluids that you could‘ve just
imbibed. Anyways, see ya.
Travis: Bye!
Griffin: And he puts his bracer against the panel, and the elevator closes,
sending you upward, back onto the campus.
Clint: And I think it‘s a relevator.
Griffin: Oh, you‘re the worst. You fuck up once—I talk for four hours when we do these things,
and you fuck up one word, and all of a sudden Griffin‘s the asshole! Okay. Thanks for the support, Dad, in front of our millions of fans, my
dad.
Clint: I‘ll be here all week.

[BAL8]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
You walk out of the hangar and see that you are surrounded by domeshaped buildings, these Epcot-ball-esque buildings. You three step onto the
elevator, and you actually hear the doors to this dome open up once more,
and you hear a guy go…
Johann: Can you hold the elevator, please? My name is Johann.
Merle: Ah.
Magnus: Okay.
Johann: I‘m like, the greatest violinist basically ever.
Travis: I tickle him.
Johann: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Stop it.
Griffin: The room that opens up is very dark, save for a tank in the middle.
And something is in there. You can sort of make out the shadow of
something. He walks the three of you over to a spigot on the side of this
tank and takes out three vials.
Travis: Magnus drinks the vial.
Clint: Of course he does.
Griffin: With each passing second, you remember more and more. You
remember the Black Spider asking you if you‘re members of the Bureau of
Balance. You remember months and months and years beyond that. You
remember just this carnage and conflict that seems too enormous for you to
have possibly forgotten.
Johann: We call it the Voidfish. Whatever information you give it stops
existing, unless you‘ve been inoculated and drank… ―drank from the tank is
what we say.
Magnus: Who‘s in charge here?
Johann: That‘s The Director. Now that you guys have been inoculated,
she‘ll probably want to see you.
Magnus: Could you take us to her?
Johann: I‘m not, like, the valet here. I‘m the gamekeeper.
Travis: I slip him five bucks.
Johann: Oh, oh, thank you, sir!
Announcer: Can our heroes survive the most treacherous job interview? I
see myself in five years in… The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: The three of you are received at the elevator by another guard,
who walks you into the largest and grandest dome on the campus. You enter
into a foyer. It‘s just—
Travis: Do we need to wipe our feet or anything?
Griffin: You are asked to remove your shoes—no, you‘re fine. Um… A magic
enchantment has dirt-proofed the floor of this place.
Magnus: This place truly is magical!
Griffin: You three are welcomed into this chamber. It almost seems kind of
like a throne room, a little bit.
Travis: Hey, Ditto, we probably should have asked this earlier, but…
throughout all of this, and like, since we got here, what‘s the vibe been like?
Has it been like, are we getting weird glances as we walk through? Are
people seeming suspicious?
Griffin: No, people don‘t really seem to give you a time of day. There are—
you‘ve seen a few dozen people since you‘ve been up here. Most of them
wearing—
Clint: Have we not been here before?
Griffin: No. You‘ve never been here before. God, I‘m gonna have to do that
a lot, aren‘t I? Now that I‘ve written in this—
Clint: Well, Bureau of Balance, I mean, we‘re part of the Bureau of Balance,
I just thought this was the headquarters.
Griffin: Well, you‘re not.
Clint: Oh.
Justin: We remembered her saying Bureau of Balance.
Clint: Ahh.
Justin: We remembered hearing her saying it earlier.
Griffin: Exactly. You walk down sort of the carpeted runway to the throne
portion of the throne room. God, I‘m talking good today. Wow. You‘re
standing at the edge of a dais that the throne is sitting upon. And sitting
upon the throne, upon the dais—should we just cancel the podcast? 'Cause
I‘m apparently incapable of stringing sentences together.
Clint: Let me give you a musical break. It‘s a dais, it‘s a
dais, it‘s a dais. Take it!
Travis: That‘s solid.
Griffin: That helps. I‘m gonna take my jacket off, actually, 'cause I‘m
getting sweaty.
Justin: Yeah, that was the issue.
Travis: Yeah, he needs to streamline it.
Justin: Isn‘t it a dais?
Clint: It is a dais, but he‘s on a roll.
Justin: It‘s a dais, okay.
Clint: That‘s when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor.
Griffin: What?
Clint: It‘s from Animal House, way before your time.
Griffin: Wow. Okay.
Clint: Somebody out there will get that.
Justin: Old people.
Travis: Zing.
Justin: Listen, if they‘re not 18 to 34, I got nothin‘ for 'em.
Griffin: Sitting upon the throne on top of this fancy-ass platform—
Travis: This shit looks tight.
Griffin: Is a human woman in her… you would say about her 50s, who is
dressed in a very ornate blue and white robe, holding a white oak staff that
is actually fairly plain. It doesn‘t really match her decorated outfit. And she
says, uhh… now I gotta do another voice.
Woman: Welcome, the three of you, to the Bureau of Balance. It‘s a
pleasure to have you. I‘ve heard a lot of great things about your
performance from Killian. Before we go any further, I‘m going to need you to
hand over the gauntlet so we can destroy it promptly.
Magnus: Really?
Merle: Hmm.
Magnus: But it‘s our gauntlet.
Merle: You see, that‘s kind of the business we‘re in. You know, we get stuff
and then people pay us for it, so…
Taako: Yeah.
Woman: Oh, you will be paid. You will be paid very, very handsomely.
Taako: That‘s the kind of thing people say if by ―paying us they‘re gonna
kill us.
Griffin: She says…
Woman: No, that‘s not how the Bureau operates. Give me a moment.
Griffin: She claps her hands and yells…
Woman: Davenport! Davenport!
Clint: He‘s sitting on a couch.
Griffin: And a gnomish man walks out, very finely dressed, very, very nice
garb, walks out holding a tray with a coin purse sitting on it. The director
says…
Director: Pay the men, Davenport. Pay the men their money for a good
day‘s work. Well, it was more like a ten day, but it was a lot of days. Go
ahead and give them their payment.
Griffin: And he says…
Davenport: Right away.
Travis: Nailed it.
Clint: 
Griffin: And walks over to the three of you and holds up the tray with the
coin purse on it.
Travis: Okay, I grab his coin purse.
Clint: Good, anybody but Taako.
Magnus: And excuse me, madam, what is your name?
Director: That‘s actually classified, but—
Magnus: Then how should we address you?
Director: The Director is fine.
Magnus: Director—
Director: Or Madam Director is fine also.
Magnus: Madam—Madam Director—
Merle: Lady Director.
Magnus: Shut up.
Director: Nope.
Magnus: I‘m happy to destroy the gauntlet. I would like to be present while
it is destroyed, so I can confirm—
Director: Oh, yes, I imagine you would. It‘ll be quite spectacular.
Taako: And it makes him horny!
Magnus: Shh! That‘s between me and my god.
Taako: He loves seeing things destroyed.
Merle: A stiff wind makes him horny.
Magnus: That is not true! 
Merle: Can we watch while you hurl it into the fires of Mount Doom?
Director: If only it were so simple. It‘s actually taken us quite some time to
develop anything capable of destroying something quite so powerful.
Taako: Well, listen. I‘m—I‘m but a simple idiot wizard. Could you tell us a
little about—
Director: No, don‘t sell yourself short.
Magnus: No, he‘s not. It‘s pretty accurate.
Taako: No, I appreciate it, but I‘m comfortable with where I‘m at. I‘m just
standing in my truth here. Listen, could you tell us a little about your
organization, before we just… hand it over? It‘s really scary and it makes
ouchies. When you touch it, I mean, ouchies.
Director: When you touch the… organization?
Taako: Gauntlet. It‘s—it ouchies.
Director: I see…
Taako: Remember—'member Phandalin?
Director: You‘re the three who conquered Magic Brian and claimed the
gauntlet, yes? That was—
Taako: Remember Phandalin?
Director: Ye-yes, sadly I—I do remember Phandalin.
Taako: Lucky, that‘s lucky for you. Treasure that memory.
Director: We know what‘s happened to Phandalin. We‘ve been tracking the
three of you—
Taako: No—it was burned. The gauntlet burned it.
Magnus: Madam Director, we‘re more than we appear, we promise. Just
answer his question. Tell us a little about the organization. Then we‘ll do the
gauntlet destroying, have some tea, a nice oolong.
Director: You think just because I‘m a woman who is in her mid-50s, that I
enjoy drinking tea?
Magnus: No, I love tea. That was for me. I don‘t care if you have any.
Director: Okay.
Merle: Did you get my Animal House joke earlier?
Director: The Bureau of Balance has a singular purpose, and that is to
collect and destroy certain… let‘s call them weapons of mass destruction. I
guess you could call us a sort of disarmament organization, who is tasked
with making the world safer by destroying the things that threaten it;
namely, powerful artifacts like the gauntlet that you have in your possession
right now.
Magnus: Gotcha.
Taako: Sounds good to me!
Magnus: Yeah, I mean, that‘s pretty solid.
Justin: I chuck her the gauntlet.
Griffin: One of the, uh—there are two big burly guards sort of standing on
the dais in front of the director. One of them walks into a room, walks 
through a door behind the wall where the throne is positioned, and comes
out carrying a cart with a heavy sort of iron sphere. A heavy, perhaps, lead
sphere, with a sort of glass window on it, a circular glass window that he
pops open and asks you to plop that gauntlet.
Guard: Plop that bad boy right in there.
Griffin: He says.
Travis: Could you do a voice for him, please?
Guard: Plop that bad boy right in there.
Travis: Dinosaurs!
Justin: Alright, I plop the bad boy in there.
Clint: It‘s in there.
Griffin: Okay. He shuts it and draws a curtain on one side of the room,
which reveals sort of a large window overlooking a… enormous chamber.
Sort of imagine the—oh shit, what‘s it called? In X-Men?
Justin: Cerebro?
Clint: Cerebro.
Griffin: Cerebro, yeah. Sort of imagine like the Cerebro chamber from XMen. He wheels the cart inside, lifts up this heavy ball with the gauntlet
inside of it, sets it on the floor, walks out of the room. The Director takes her
staff, walks to the window, invites you guys to sort of watch from this
viewing window… sort of like those rooms that they have over, like, surgery
operating rooms.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: She taps her staff on the glass, and suddenly, the ball starts to
float in the air. And these bright pillars of light begin to shoot out of the
walls of this chamber, stabbing through the iron sphere. And it‘s very, very
bright. This production goes on for a minute or so, and then all of a sudden,
the pillars disappear. The ball very slowly floats down to the floor of the
chamber. The same guard walks in, grabs it, puts it back on the cart, and
wheels it back in.
Travis: Does he do kind of like a, ―ooh, hot, hot, ooh! 
Griffin: Yeah. He‘s wearing two fantasy oven mitts, and he picks it up and
puts it back on the cart.
Clint: ―Watch it, hot sphere, hot sphere. 
Griffin: Wheels it out and says…
Guard: That‘s one spicy meatball!
Griffin: And then he cracks open the glass door on the sphere, and it is
empty.
Justin: Oh, that dipshit said spicy. What‘s up, counting it.
Griffin: Noooo!!
Travis: Ohhh!
Justin: Spicy meat.
Clint: Ohhh! Spicy!
Griffin: Dammit, that wasn‘t supposed to happen until the next adventure!
Okay, nope, I said it.
Clint: Yeah, and you also said meat.
Griffin: Oh, shit!
Justin: I actually had ground meat from the—
Clint: No, we only had ground.
Justin: I had ground—well, oh, I understand grinding. Spicy meat? Spicy
meat!?
Griffin: Guys…
Clint: Yep. 
Griffin: Can you give me a full rundown? 'Cause I have to like… oh man.
Clint: I got it, spicy ground—
Griffin: I‘m gonna have to invent a different monster that can erase
people‘s memory so I can take some of your taco discoveries.
Clint: No, no, no.
Justin: Sour cream.
Clint: You‘re not taking this away from us.
Justin: Sour cream—
Clint: We got sour cream, spicy meat, and a word, 'cheese,‘ but we don‘t
know—
Justin: Cheese, I don‘t know what that means, and I understand grinding.
 He says…
Guard: I just fucked up.
Griffin: Yeah there‘s nothing in the chamber, and the director looks very
pleased, and she says…
Director: Okay, payment upon, uh… upon obliteration, I suppose.
Griffin: And Davenport hands over the tray with the sack of money on it.
Travis: How much?
Griffin: Inside, you find 600 gold pieces. A small fortune, for the three of
you.
Justin: I‘m never allowed to buy anything. I don‘t know why we keep trying
to get gold.
Travis: I‘m sorry, how much?
Griffin: Six hundred. After this—after this adventure, you will be able to
spend your money however you see fit.
Travis: So how much do we have now?
Griffin: A lot.
Justin: I have 600.
Griffin: You all have like—
Clint: Yeah, like, a thousand thirty
Griffin: You have a thousand and thirty?!
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: That math ain‘t right. We‘ll figure it after. We‘ll fix it in post.
Travis: We‘re rich!
Griffin: The Director says… she looks over the moon. She is extremely
happy. She is—
Justin: Or inside the moon. Yadda yadda yadda, yadda yadda yadda! And that‘s when
the podcast falls!
Griffin: She says…
Director: That gauntlet you just destroyed is responsible for some of the
worst atrocities our world has ever known.
Magnus: Cool!
Director: Yeah. The three of you should be very, very proud of yourselves.
Magnus: Do you know anything about this umbrella?
Griffin: She looks it over and she says…
Director: No, but our artificer might. I can send you his way after—
Magnus: Yeah, just give me his contact info.
Director: Yeah, I‘ll… LinkedIn recommend you to him. The Phoenix Fire
Gauntlet…
Griffin: She says…
Director: … is a very special, extremely powerful magic item. It is a
weapon that was created by a band of wizards and warlocks and other
magic-users who refused to limit themselves. They refused to rein in their
experimentation, if you will, and that resulted in the creation of what we call
the grand relics. There are seven of them in the world.
Magnus: Six.
Director: Now there are six, yes, that‘s right. I—this is the first—we‘ve
searched for so long for these relics. Our entire organization‘s sole purpose
is to find these relics, and—
Taako: Wait a minute. I need to clarify something. Just so I‘m clear – your
whole organization, that lives in a moon… so far, the score is zero?
Merle: One!
Magnus: No, that was us. That was us.
Merle: Oh, yeah.
Taako: I couldn‘t get out of a jizz-cave without nearly dying, and we—we
destroyed one.
Director: Two assertions – first, don‘t sell yourself short. I think the three
of you are capable of a lot more—
Taako: No, no, no, I know what I'm about.
Magnus: We can get out of whole tunnels of jizz-caves!
Director: Second, how long do you think we‘ve been in operation?
Merle: Sounds like about a half an hour.
Taako: You spend all your time on your moon base, and didn‘t go looking
for—I‘ve been there. I know how this game is played.
Griffin: She says…
Director: We, the Bureau of Balance, as you now know us… we have only
been in operation for a little less than a year, now. What we do was not
possible until we discovered the Voidfish. See, the war and the calamity and
turmoil that the three of you now remember was a direct result of these
relics.
When these items were crafted, and word about their power spread, every
kingdom in the land, every political organization, every mercenary guild,
every religious community, founded their own attempts to claim them for
their own. And that contest for these relics led to a war the likes of which
our world had never seen, and we simply couldn‘t do what we do now until
that turmoil subsided. And the only way that we could force it to subside is
to make everyone forget about the relics in the first place.
Magnus: That all seems pretty straightforward.
Director: It‘s—
Magnus: Pretty textbook.
Director: It‘s actually incredibly circuitous and difficult to understand, but
I‘m hoping the three of you are on board.
Merle: Taako, did you get that?
Taako: Oh, yeah. Every word.
Merle: Sounds like you‘re offering us a gig.
Director: I would be happy to hire the three of you as reclai—
Magnus: Do we get license to kill?
Director: You don‘t. Um…
Magnus: Ugh.
Director: We—well, I mean, you can—you don‘t need one, is what I‘m
saying.
Magnus: Oh, okay.
Director: You can just sort of do it. We would be happy, actually, to hire
the three of you on as reclaimers.
Magus: Oh, The Reclaimers!
Taako: I would walk 500 miles—
Merle: And I would walk 500 more!
Taako: Love that track. Love that track, on board.
Director: Yes, you may in fact—
Taako: Sunshine On Leith, right?
Director: Did you just Google ―The Proclaimers to think of other songs
that they did?
Clint: No, that—
Taako: No, I had that—
Clint: He knew it.
Taako: I had that on cassette, homie.
Griffin: She says…
Director: Let me explain. Our organization is made up of three main roles.
We have seekers who look out for intelligence, regarding—
Travis: Beaters, and then keepers.
Griffin: We have snitch-grabbers—what are they called?
Travis: They‘re called snitch-grabbers. You got it.
Director: The seekers look out for any information that can aid in the
finding of these relics, but they are forbidden from claiming them
themselves. That is where you come in – the reclaimers.
This is actually a very hard position for us to fill, because most of the time,
anybody who discovers one of the grand relics is unable to fight off the 
temptation to claim it for their own. The three of you have proven that you
are capable of avoiding that temptation, and so, we would be happy to have
you as a part of that illustrious role.
Taako: I… just to be clear, I have proven that. I just put it in my backpack.
Magnus: Yeah, we keep him around 'cause he‘s our—he‘s too stupid to give
in to temptation.
Griffin: She says…
Director: That brings us to the third role, which we call the regulators.
Anybody who goes AWOL, if you will, anybody who uses information
gathered about the relics for their own whim, anybody who uses a relic,
even once, will be hunted down and properly dealt with by the regulators.
Magnus: Super cool. Which one of these is Killian?
Director: Oh, Killian is actually one of our star regulators. She was hunting
down one of our wayward seekers, who you met also. You know him, I
believe, as The Black Spider, or—
Magnus: Magic Brian.
Director: Magic Brian.
Merle: Brian, yeah.
Magnus: We killed him.
Director: Yes, that was, uh—that was very kind of you. Thank you for
doing that.
Magnus: You are welcome.
Taako: I killed… I killed him.
Magnus: It was a group effort!
Griffin: She says, uh…
Director: I will be happy to welcome the three of you on board the Bureau
of Balance as reclaimers. The only thing standing in the way is the test, if
you wish to get your bracers.
Magnus: Oh, is it like, written?
Taako: Oh, well, I‘ll see you guys later.
Merle: He doesn‘t test well.
Taako: We had good run.
Merle: Can we have a proctor, for Taako? A procto?
Magnus: Because of Taako‘s special magic abilities, he gets to take it
untimed.
Griffin: She says…
Director: No, there‘s no written component.
Magnus: Sweet.
Director: All I need to know is, between the three of you…
Griffin: She says…
Director: Which of you is the smartest? Which of you is the strongest? And
which of you is the bravest?
Magnus: I think that‘s Taako, all of the above.
Taako: Listen…
Director: Each of you must claim one of those three titles, and I‘ll leave it
to you to decide among yourselves.
Taako: I think that, um…
Merle: You‘ve got a lot of street smarts.
Taako: Yeah, tha—that‘s very kind, thanks. I‘m not kidding myself, I think
betw—Merle is sort of the smartest by default, right?
Magnus: Yeah, I would say—so, I would say Taako‘s the bravest, and I‘m
the strongest.
Taako: I‘m cool with that.
Magnus: Unless you want to go for strength, and it‘s like strength of will
and mind, and I‘m brave. Either one of those is fine with me.
Merle: Square root of 37…
Magnus: Oh, okay. Super cool.
Griffin: No, go ahead and tell me what that is, Dad?
Clint: 6.333, and repeat the 3.
Magnus: So, quick question, Director.
Director: Yes.
Magnus: When you say strongest, do you mean like physically? Or like—
Director: I cannot tell you any more. You are in the test now.
Magnus: You can, you just choose not to.
Director: Oh, you‘re so deep in the test.
Griffin: She says.
Director: Oh, goodness, you are knee-deep—
Travis: ―Just the way you‘re standing is part of the test. 
Director: You are knee-deep in test-town.
Merle: Alright. I am smartest. My friend Taako is—
Director: Well, listen to you.
Clint: No, you guys—
Travis: Well, la dee da!
Taako: I‘m the bravest.
Magnus: I‘m the strongest.
Griffin: She says…
Director: Okay.
Griffin: And she taps her staff on the ground, and the three of you are
unconscious.
Travis: Super cool.
Clint: How do we know?
Travis: Good question.
Griffin: I‘m telling you.
Travis: We wake up unconscious.
Griffin: I‘m telling your earth-avatars that your game-bodies are now
unconscious. Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master for
The Adventure Zone. Thank you very much for listening to episode eight in
our second adventure of The Adventure Zone, which we ended up titling
Moonlighting, which is appropriate on several levels. The Adventure Zone is
sponsored once again by Crunchyroll.
Crunchyroll, the internet‘s premier source for anime streaming. If you are a
fan of anime, or if you're not a fan of anime and you've been looking to dip
your toe into the sweet anime waters, uh, you can find a shit load of it on
Crunchyroll.
They have super popular series like Naruto, One Piece, Sword Art Online… If
you've already torn through those particular series, they have a lot of new
stuff that just went up this winter season, including a show called The
Testament of Sister New Devil. Again, just a markedly better name than The
Adventure Zone is. 
Crunchyroll was created by fans of anime, for fans of anime. It‘s got the
newest and most current episodes of new series, straight from Japan. If you
are a premium member, typically, you will get a new episode on Crunchyroll
one hour after the episode debuts in Japan, which is, I think, magic. I think
warlocks made Crunchyroll.
And the great news is, you can go to Crunchyroll.com/Zone and sign up for
premium, and you will get a whole month of free anime, ad-free. That‘s free
anime for 30 days with zero ads. And all the shows that you get with that
premium membership are gonna be HD quality, 1080p, and you can watch it
anywhere on all your devices. If it‘s on your desktop, on an iPhone, Android,
tablet, Xbox, PlayStation, Roku, Apple TV, Wii U, whatever your poison is,
they will transmit anime onto it.
So again, Crunchyroll.com/Zone. Check out the free membership that they
have for ya.
I want to thank everybody who has been listening to and tweeting about and
reviewing the show on iTunes. As always, we try to at least get one NPC per
episode that we name after somebody who tweeted about the show. This
week, we went ahead and just did Drew Davenport, because we were gonna
have to do him sometime. That is, of course, Davenport, the gnome butler.
A lot of people were hoping he would be shamanistic in nature, but uh, I had
a hard time writing that into the story.
Thank you so much, Drew Davenport, for… well, everything. Uh, and thank
you all for listening and tweeting about the show. We will have new
characters named after people in each new episode, so just use the
#TheZoneCast hash tag. That‘s #TheZoneCast. And if we pick your tweet,
and you got a cool sounding name, we‘ll toss you in the show.
Also thanks to everybody who sent in item suggestions. In the next
episode… we already went shopping, but in the next episode, uh, our heroes
go to Fantasy Costco for just some pretty amazing stuff that you guys came
up with, and you guys sent in, so thank you all very much for that. 
If you want to submit an item, just email us at
AdventureZoneCast@gmail.com, and we will consider your item for inclusion
in Fantasy Costco. A lot of people were like, ―Tortilla shells! I think I'll
handle the taco distribution for the most part, but thank you for your email.
And seriously, thank you all for listening to the show, and sharing it, and
being so incredibly sweet and supportive. We've had a really good launch,
and we couldn‘t have done that without you. We‘ve got the MaxFunDrive
coming up, which, if this is the first Maximum Fun show you've listened to, it
is our annual pledge drive that we use to get money to help support and
build the show and grow the network and come up with new shows, like The
Adventure Zone. The Adventure Zone would not exist if it wasn‘t for the
support that the Maximum Fun donors have given us over the years.
You all have been incredibly kind. We have some exciting stuff planned. We
have a bonus episode that we just recorded that is kind of a prequel to The
Adventure Zone saga that will be going out to donors, that uh, we already
recorded, and I absolutely love how it turned out. So you'll definitely want to
hear that. We‘ll have more details for you on MaxFunDrive soon, but it‘s
going to kick off March 16th, and run for two weeks.
If you haven‘t listened to any other Maximum Fun shows, that‘s a great time
to tune in. Because typically, people are gonna be bringing their A-game.
'Gob‘ knows, we are certainly going to try to win our episode drops in that
two week span. Donors don‘t only get bonus episodes for every podcast on
the network, which is like, dozens of hours of entertainment, we have uh,
pledge drive gifts, which we will be outlining during the fun drive. So uh,
we‘ll make sure to let you guys know all about that stuff ahead of time, and
we hope that we can count on your support.
That‘s it for me. I'm gonna let you guys get back to the show. Uh, sorry that
Dad‘s—that Merle‘s audio sounded kind of weird in the beginning part. We
actually recorded this next bit, uh, later. Uh, and we managed to get him
hooked up with a better microphone, so he‘s gonna sound better from this
point on, and hopefully, like, throughout the fullness of time.
So thank you all for listening. Enjoy the rest of the episode, and we will see
you again on Thursday, March 12th, where we will wrap up the Moonlighting
saga. Bye! The three of you awaken all at the same time, and—
Travis: We‘re sleeping in the same bed.
Griffin: You‘re spooning.
Clint: Aww!
Griffin: And you‘ve never felt—
Justin: Nice.
Griffin: No. You are actually in three different places. Taako, you awaken
on the dusty floor of a circular arena. There are several features to this
arena. There are three gates, three large iron-lattice gates, all around the
circular arena. There‘s a giant stone pillar in the middle of the arena. And
there is an alcove on the outside wall, where you can clearly see Merle.
Justin: Y‘know, it‘s hard to believe that Taako has woken up in weirder
places. Believe it or not.
Griffin: That is… probably true. Merle, you are in this alcove, about 20 feet
up. You can clearly see the arena, and Taako inside of it. You are strapped
in, very securely, to a mounted cannon. This cannon is large. You are at the
helm of it essentially, the firing controls of it.
The cannon has four rows of glass balls lining it, and there—each of the first
of those rows is filled with different-colored fluid. And that is where you are.
And you can also see a sky bridge above the arena, where you can see…
Magnus. Magnus, you are on this sky—
Travis: I wave at him.
Griffin: You wave. Everybody‘s waving.
Taako: Hello!
Magnus: Hi!
Griffin: Just sort of getting—do a quick Ms. Doubtfire reference.
Justin: Hello poppet!
Griffin: Magnus, you are on this sky bridge. Both of the exterior walls
running the span of the arena are made of glass, so you can see everything.
Travis: Am I nude?
Griffin: You are fully clothed. Everybody has all of their equipment.
Magnus—
Travis: Could I be nude?
Griffin: Magnus, you are right next to one of the defining features of this
sky bridge. Right in the center of it is a metal pedestal, and on top of it is a
big red button. And on the outside span of this sky bridge, in either
direction, is a large metal door, about… each one is about 40 feet away from
you. So the span of the arena is about 80 feet.
Travis: And how high off the ground am I?
Griffin: You are about 20 feet off the ground as well.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Suddenly, you hear almost like an intercom kick in, and you hear
the voice of the Director, who says…
Director: Welcome to—
Travis: Just so we know, what kind of celebrity would you compare her to?
Griffin: She is an original creation of my own design. Trademark 2015,
Griffin McElroy, Adventure Productions. It‘s—you‘ve never heard a voice like
hers before. It‘s dripping with gravitas.
Travis: And sexuality.
Griffin: Nope, just gravitas.
Clint: And a little sexuality.
Griffin: If that‘s your thing, sure, if gravitas gets you totally boned.
Awesome. But I don‘t want to—I don‘t necessarily need to hear about that.
You hear her say…
Director: Welcome to the test of initiation. The point of this test is to
balance the combatants that will soon enter the arena where Taako is
currently in repose. These foes are going to be far too strong for you to fight
outright. You will need to work together to ensure that they defeat one
another, as the consequences of allowing one too much power will be quite
dire indeed.
Merle, you are strapped into a very special cannon, which you will use to
keep these monsters at equal footing. Each of the different potions that the
cannon is equipped with will affect these ogres in different ways. You have
one that can heal, one that can hurt, one that can strengthen, and one that
will draw the attention of the other two. You only have one of each of the
different types of ammunition. You can fire two on each—
Griffin: Well, that‘s more game-talk. She wouldn‘t talk about the rules of
the game.
Director: You only have one of each of the different types of ammunition.
Clint: Okay, so strengthen, weaken…
Griffin: You have healing, hurting, strengthen, and aggro, essentially. You
can fire two of those on each turn, or you can focus your fire and aim one
shot, and you‘ll have advantage on that roll. Does that make sense?
Clint: Uh-huh.
Griffin: Okay.
Director: Taako, you are going to be in the arena with the ogres. I would
not recommend attempting to fight them. Certainly, you could try. You are
able to use any of your magical tools in this test, if you so choose. I would
recommend not doing that, because they‘re very big, very strong, as ogres
typically are.
Your test will be to retrieve three gemstones from various parts of these
ogres‘ person, and by doing so, you will grant Merle extra ammunition for
the cannon, which will, in turn, help you pass this test. Each gem that you
collect will grant one of each type of ammunition. If you draw their ire,
though, you will almost certainly perish, as many before you have. We have
a very high turnover rate here at the Bureau of Balance.
Justin: Excellent. Excellent.
Director: To aid you in this test—
Travis: Maybe that‘s why they hadn‘t found any of the items before we got
there.
Clint: Yeah.
Director: To aid you in this test, you have a single potion of invisibility if
shit gets crazy.
Clint: Said with the gravitas that she did, that‘s—
Justin: Yeah, that‘s—
Griffin: Again, ooey, ooey, gooey gravitas.
Travis: The chewiest gravitas you ever heard.
Director: Magnus, you have been designated the strongest, and in this
test, you will use your strength to protect your allies. You stand in the center
of a sky bridge, next to a button that, if pressed, will emit a shock to both
Merle and Taako, which will incapacitate them for a short time. If any
enemies who will approach from either side of the sky bridge—
Travis: Magnus eyes the button.
Griffin: Press the bu— 
Director: If any enemies press that button, your friends will be harmed and
paralyzed temporarily. So you will need to use your strength to protect that
button at all costs.
Clint: We‘re dead.
Travis: Magnus gently brushes his finger over the button, and hums
Johann‘s song.
Director: If the three of you understand the test fully, we can begin.
Taako: Listen, you don‘t have the spare hours I would need to understand
this test fully. Get some shiny things off the monsters. Dig.
Griffin: You hear a… And the three—
Travis: Did we lose?
Griffin: Yes, instantly. The three gates slide open, and entering the arena
with Taako are three ogres. There is a blue ogre who is kind of puny, as far
as ogres go.
Travis: He‘s the babiest ogre.
Griffin: He‘s the babiest ogre, yeah, certainly. And then the middlest ogre,
a green ogre, walks out, maybe a—
Travis: He‘s the handsomest.
Griffin: Maybe a hill ogre, walks out. He is larger than the blue,
but smaller than the red ogre, the oldest ogre, who exits from the other
gate, who is bigger and more badass than the other two, handily. So you
have a blue little one, a green middle one, and a red big one. They enter out
into the battlefield.
They‘re disarmed, but I mean, they have arms that are very big, that they
can use for punching. And you get the sense that they could easily slaughter
Taako, if they so choose. We will start at the top of the order, which I have
decided ahead of time, or else this test would be impossible. 
Magnus, you go first. On your turn, before you begin, the doors on either
end of the hallway slide open, and two automatons, two metallic golems,
enter in from either side. But they have not taken any movement or done
anything. Again, both of them are about 40 feet away from you. And it is
your turn.
Travis: Okay, great. And just so I‘ve got the lay of the land, Griffy, how
wide is the—like, what are the dimensions of the—
Griffin: It‘s about six feet. About six feet wide by 80 feet long, the sky
bridge is.
Travis: M‘kay. And I‘m at the center by the button.
Griffin: Uh-huh.
Travis: I‘ve got one dude at either end, 40 feet away.
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Travis: Cool. I am going to position myself so that I‘ve got my shield in one
hand and my axe in the other.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: And I‘m going to put the shield on one side of the button, blocking
it from one automaton, and stand with my axe on the other, and ready an
action that whichever one gets there first is the one I‘m going to attack.
Griffin: Okay. Good idea, yeah. Okay, so you sort of stand with your arms
splayed out, just getting ready for business. Next in the order is going to be
Taako. Taako, you have these three, one of—
Justin: Are they all facing me?
Griffin: You are in the center of the arena, so yes, at this moment, they are
all facing you.
Justin: Okay, do I—
Griffin: You sort of have your back to this big pillar in the center of the
arena.
Justin: Do I have any of the, uh—do any of them have gems immediately
visible on their front halves that I can see?
Griffin: Two of them do, yes. The blue one has a gem fastened to his
forehead. The green one is wearing a gem on a chain around his neck. The
red one is actually the only one wearing clothes, but you cannot see… He‘s
wearing some crude shorts, and what looks like a fisherman‘s vest, that is
just full of pockets. Like, three pockets on the left, three pockets on the
right. But his gem is not immediately visible.
Justin: Okay, I‘m just gonna—how far can I run away?
Griffin: Whatever your speed is.
Justin: I mean, that‘s 30 feet, I‘m just gonna run.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Away.
Griffin: Like, towards the outside of the arena?
Justin: Are they encircling me?
Griffin: Yeah, sort of in a manner of speaking, yeah.
Justin: Okay, I‘ll run between the red one and the blue one.
Griffin: M‘kay. Towards the outside, away from the middle?
Justin: Towards the outside of the arena, away from the middle, yeah.
Griffin: Okay, are you going to take any actions, also?
Travis: Do you have any illusory magic?
Justin: Not much. A little bit. I mean, I can charm a person. They ain‘t
people.
Travis: No, ogres ain‘t people. You heard it here first, folks.
Griffin: Wow, Jesus Christ. What if there are ogres listening to the show?
Travis: Ogres can‘t use iPods. They‘re too dumb.
Justin: Do they seem to have a look like they‘re coming for me? Like—
Griffin: No, in fact, they haven‘t even noticed you yet.
Justin: Groovy. Okay, then I‘m not going to do anything. Let me—you guys
let me know when you need ammo or whatever. But right now, I am just
running away from them and not getting killed.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s probably a good call.
Travis: Good start.
Griffin: Next in the order is Merle. Merle, you‘ve got one of each type of
ammunition. Healing, hurting, strengthen, and angry.
Clint: Okay, so if I throw angry, it just makes one of them—
Griffin: It makes the other people target the person you hit.
Clint: Alright, I‘m gonna throw the aggro potion.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Clint: At the red ogre with the vest.
Griffin: Okay. Are you going to fire another potion this turn, or do you want
to focus your fire on this one, which will give you advantage?
Clint: I just want to focus fire on that one.
Griffin: Okay, so you will roll a d20, essentially, to aim this shot. And you
want to beat a ten.
Clint: Okay. Ah, good, four!
Griffin: Okay. Well, you have advantage, so roll again.
Clint: Eight.
Griffin: Man.
Travis: Did you accidentally use a d8 instead of a d20?
Griffin: Yeah, 'cause I know that you do that sometimes.
Justin: Wait, no, that was—that‘s actually not the d20.
Clint: That‘s not?
Griffin: Oh, Daddy.
Justin: No, that‘s a d12.
Travis: Glad I checked.
Clint: Sorry.
Griffin: Yeah, me too. Go ahead and roll the correct dice.
Justin: Here you go.
Clint: Wait, I‘m gonna—oh, okay, d20. 17!
Griffin: Yeah, okay, you nail him. He is coated in this red fluid. And the red
ogre is actually up next. He spends his—
Travis: He‘s been jammed!
Griffin: He spends his turn—he‘s been jammed. He spends his turn just
sort of reeling from the situation. He‘s a little spooked.
Travis: He‘s thinking about his life decisions.
Griffin: Yeah, and also about how he‘s covered in an indiscernible red fluid.
The green ogre goes next, and is enraged, incensed, and goes to attack the
red ogre, and he hits him for… uh, 21 damage.
Travis: Wow.
Clint: Whoa.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Stay away from them, Taako.
Griffin: The blue ogre is up next. He is also enraged and goes to attack the
red ogre, and he attacks him for… 14 damage.
Justin: Whoa.
Griffin: Okay. He is not quite bloodied by that.
Travis: Wow.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Really?
Griffin: Yeah, but he definitely did not like taking those big, bad hits. With
that, the red potion has sort of disappeared, sort of sloughed off of the big
red ogre. He is clean, and we are back to the top of the order. Magnus, first
of all, the automatons—
Travis: Do the robots get a move?
Griffin: The automatons are going to go now, actually. I forgot.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: The automatons now go. Both of them move in about 30 feet, so
they are both about 10 feet away from you and the button, and they both
hold up their arms, and crossbows pop out, and they both fire a crossbow
bolt at you. The one on the shield—we‘ll say the one on the shield end has
disadvantage, 'cause you have, we‘ll say, partial cover from your shield.
Travis: Excellent.
Griffin: So he rolled a 16 as his first roll.
Travis: Against my armor?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Fail.
Griffin: And a 13.
Travis: Fail.
Griffin: Failed, okay. And the one on your axe end rolls a 22.
Travis: That is, uh, successful.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: That is a successful hit.
Griffin: And he hits you for four damage.
Travis: Four damage.
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Justin: Wow.
Travis: 'Kay.
Griffin: And we are back to the top of the order, which is Magnus.
Travis: Griffy, just one last question, before I decide what to do. As far as,
like, construction goes, do they look pretty solid? Do they—
Griffin: No, no, they—
Travis: —do they look kind of like C-3PO, with body armor?
Griffin: No—
Justin: Which Star Wars droid do they most closely resemble?
Travis: Yeah, good question.
Griffin: They‘re made of, like, clockwork. They actually look very intricate,
and not, like, especially solidly built.
Travis: Yeah, I‘m gonna swing my axe one-handed at the axe-sided one,
the one on my axe side.
Griffin: Okay, you‘re going to have to move toward him, though, 'cause
he‘s 10 feet away. You gotta be five feet for melee.
Travis: Okay, well… Can I do half a move, then move back? Like move,
action, move?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, you can break up your movement.
Travis: Okay, great. Then I‘m gonna step over to him, swing my axe.
Griffin: 'Kay
Travis: That is… 17.
Griffin: Yep. That‘ll do it.
Travis: Great. Let me dig out my d8.
Griffin: Gotta keep your d8 handy. I got a d8
holster.
Travis: Five plus four, nine.
Griffin: Yeah, he shatters. He just turns into gears and goes flying down
the hallway. As soon as he is destroyed, the door on his end slides open,
and another automaton walks in.
Clint: Ahh.
Justin: Aw, who saw this coming?
Travis: Whaa... Okay, then I‘m going to finish my move, to move back over
and hunker myself between the button and the automaton.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: You have to make a hunker throw.
Griffin: No, that‘s fine.
Travis: I rolled a 17 hunker check.
Griffin: Oh, good. You are very hunkered. Taako, you‘re up next.
Travis: Nice.
Justin: What‘s the layout of these cats right now? RE: Me.
Griffin: You‘re on the opposite end of the arena as they are. They all
moved towards the red ogre, so they‘re all sort of locked in—all sort of
engaged in punching. Although, remember, the aggro potion has worn off.
So you are on the other end of the arena as these three are… I would say
you‘re not completely on the other end. You‘re about 50 feet away.
Justin: Okay. Well, this seems to be going pretty well for me. So he is—let
me—so I‘m clear, is he out of aggro potion at this point?
Griffin: Yep. He is out.
Justin: Okay, well, that probably is in the pocket of the r—can I see the
color of any of the gems?
Griffin: They‘re all the same color. The Director‘s instructions may have
been obtuse, but for each one that you get—
Justin: Somebody needs to talk to her.
Griffin: For each one that you get, off these ogres, Merle gets one
of each type of potion.
Justin: Oh, wow, that‘s pretty good. But I‘m not gonna risk it.
Travis: Man, Director should‘ve explained that.
Griffin: She did, you just weren‘t paying attention.
Justin: I‘m not gonna risk it until she gets—until he needs it, so…
Clint: There‘s a Director?
Justin: I‘m just gonna keep— Can I see any of the gems from
where I‘m at?
Griffin: Yeah, you can see the blue one, on his forehead, and you can see
the green one, on a chain around his neck.
Justin: Alright, you know what, I‘m gonna—I‘m gonna try mage hand.
Griffin: 'Kay
Justin: On the one of his forehead.
Griffin: Okay, you cast out a spectral hand. You give him a big thumbs up,
maybe, on the way, and effortlessly pluck the gem off the blue ogre‘s
forehead. As soon as it‘s removed from his body, it disintegrates; and Merle,
suddenly, the glass pods fill up another row. So now you have two of each
potion, except for the aggro potion, which you only have one.
Justin: Excellent.
Travis: Did the ogre with the removed potion seem upset at all that he lost
his gem?
Justin: Yeah, did he notice?
Griffin: He reached up and touched his forehead, and you heard him go—
Travis: A single tear rolled down his cheek.
Griffin: You heard him go ―Awww… 
Travis: ―Gemmy! 
Griffin: Aww. Next in the order is Merle. Which you shooting?
Clint: I‘m gonna fire a hurting potion.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Clint: At my friend in red.
Griffin: Okay. Are you gonna just focus fire on that one, or are you gonna
fire another one?
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay, so you are firing an acid potion at them.
Clint: 'Kay.
Travis: Like an LSD potion?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: 18.
Griffin: 18 is definitely a hit. You are going to roll 2d10 plus 10.
Travis: Now, wait, hold on, he has advantage so he should roll again, to
see if he, like, hits critical.
Griffin: It‘s not gonna matter. It‘s not an attack.
Travis: Well, then what‘s the point, Griffin? Of any of this? I quit!
Griffin: It‘s all just make-believe!
Travis: Wait a minute, none of this is real! What fantasy world have you
trapped me in, you sorcerer?
Clint: Okay, 21 plus 10 is 31.
Justin: No, no, no, 21, just 21.
Griffin: 21 is the—
Clint: Add 10—oh, I see.
Justin: 2d10s. He got six, five, and then add 10, so 21.
Griffin: Okay, 21. He is deeefinitely bloodied now. Yeah, he is—he looks
like shit. He looks really, really bad. In fact, it looks like a stiff wind could
push him over. The red one is very badly wounded, very, very hurt. He is
going to actually going to run towards Taako, and for a moment, you get
petrified that he‘s going to come and smash you, when actually he is—
Taako: Let him try.
Griffin: He actually he runs up behind the stone pillar, and starts hiding. He
is hiding behind the stone pillar from the other two ogres.
Travis: Awww. Which one?
Griffin: The red one, the very, very badly injured one.
Travis: Okay. That‘s kind of cute.
Griffin: The green and blue ones just sort of wail on each other. The green
one attacks the blue one, rolls—
Justin: Now, why are they—can I ask a question? Why are they attacking
each other?
Travis: 'Cause he‘s making a statement on geopolitical powers.
Griffin: Yeah. Yeah, it‘s just they were the only targets sort of in
sight. And they‘re big angry ogres—
Justin: They just went for it, huh?
Griffin: So they went for it. If you had been closer to them, things would
have played out very differently, but you kept your distance.
Travis: Let‘s hear it for cowardice!
Clint: Yay! That‘s what we reward here in The Adventure Zone!
Justin: Cowardice works again!
Griffin: The green one rolled a 13, which is insufficient. The blue one rolled
a 19, which does hit, and does… does 14 damage to the green one.
Travis: To the—
Griffin: To the middlest one.
Justin: 'Kay.
Travis: Everybody‘s favorite.
Griffin: Everybody‘s favorite. He is not bloodied, though. Next up is the
automatons. Travis, you have blocked the path of the one that was closest
to you, so he is just going to attack you, while the other one approaches 
another 30 feet. The one that attacks you rolls a 14. Which is not going to
do it, I imagine.
Travis: No, it is not.
Griffin: Okay. That is it. Magnus, you‘re back, top of the order. You‘ve got
one right next to the button, right next to you, and one 10 feet away.
Travis: Okay, great. Am I able—I don‘t know if I‘ve ever done this
maneuver before, but can I push people—
Justin: God, it‘s a real short story every turn with Travis, isn‘t it?
Travis: Can I pu—
Justin: He is really—
Travis: I am trying to think my way through this!
Justin: Takes you into it. It‘s a whole little—a whole little one act he‘s got
planned for every turn.
Travis: Am I—
Justin: Can‘t just swing his fucking axe at the robot, hit it in his robot chest
and kill him.
Griffin: What are you doing?
Travis: I‘m sorry, I was looking at the book, what‘s going on?
Justin: ―What‘s the motivation of this robot? 
Travis: Am I able to push people backwards? Or is that my move?
Griffin: Yeah, I mean, that‘s an action.
Travis: M‘kay.
Griffin: If you want to push—
Travis: How far can I push people?
Griffin: You would do a strength test—check with them, I think. A strength
contest.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Not especially far. I mean, these things have a movement of 30
feet. So, you‘re not gonna push them 30 feet. You‘re not goddamn He-Man.
Travis: Okay, fair enough. I‘m gonna hit him.
Griffin: ‘Kay. The one right next to you?
Travis: Yeah. With my axe.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: 17 plu—23.
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: Five plus four, nine.
Griffin: Yep. You shatter him. This sky bridge is fillin‘ up with gears. As
soon as you shatter him, the door on his side slides open, and another
automaton steps out.
Travis: Yeah. I‘m gonna move back over now to hunker in front of the
other one.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: You re-hunkered?
Travis: Yeah, I‘m re-hunkering.
Griffin: You can only hunker once per day, and then you need to take a
short rest.
Travis: I did take a short rest while I was killing the other one.
Griffin: I guess—
Travis: Did I not say that?
Griffin: It was such child‘s play that it was actually relaxing to you to kill
the other one.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Taako, you are up next. You are actually kind of close to the red
one now, who ran to hide behind the pillar. You‘re about 15 feet away from
him.
Travis: Speak words of comfort to him.
Griffin: The other ones are still about 50 feet away from you.
Clint: Well, I don‘t know what I‘m going to do right now.
Let me see…
Griffin: Did Justin leave the room?
Travis: Did Justin leave the room?
Clint: Yes, sorry. That was my Taako impression. I really
thought that was—
Griffin: It wasn‘t bad.
Clint: I think he thought Travis‘s one act was going to go longer than it did.
Travis: Fair enough.
Clint: He‘s back!
Travis: Cool.
Justin: I‘m gonna run over to the red ogre.
Griffin: Oh, shit, okay.
Justin: I‘m gonna search his pockets.
Clint: He‘s not dead.
Griffin: Okay, you‘re gonna—yeah, he‘s not dead. You‘re gonna have to get
up on him to do that.
Justin: It‘s—you say he‘s 15 feet away. I have 30 feet of movement. I want
to move 15 feet up, search him, and then run away.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, alright. So what you‘re gonna have to do is make—
Clint: So you‘re frisking him is what you‘re doing.
Justin: I‘m frisking him.
Travis: ―Don‘t mind me, sir. 
Griffin: You‘re gonna have to make a, um… If you‘re doing that, you can‘t
see, like, which pocket he‘s got stuff in, so you‘re gonna have to make a
sleight of hand check.
Justin: Okay, ten.
Griffin: Ten, no, you were unable to find the gem in his pockets.
Justin: Run away!
Griffin: Okay, you run 15 feet away from him.
Travis: I just want everyone to picture what just happened. Taako basically
just ran up, reached for it, ogre swatted his hand away, and he ran back to
the wall.
Griffin: Yeah, Merle—
Justin: That‘s Taako. What do you want me to do, fight him? No, thanks.
Griffin: Merle, it‘s time to use your super-soaker.
Clint: Alright. Um…
Griffin: You got a very, very badly injured red one.
Justin: Don‘t sweat him. I‘ll kill him next round.
Griffin: Green one is a little bit worse for wear. Blue one is aces,
hasn‘t been hit.
Clint: Okay, how long do these potions last?
Griffin: Just one turn.
Clint: One complete turn all the way around?
Griffin: Yep.
Clint: I want—can I fire a potion at Taako?
Griffin: Yes.
Clint: I‘m going to fire one of my strengthen potions at Taako.
Griffin: Alright. Is this the only potion you‘re firing? Or are you going to fire
another one as well?
Clint: You know what, I think I‘ll fire—in addition to that, I will fire one of
my aggro potions at—
Travis: At Taako. 
Clint: At the blue one! At the blue one.
Griffin: Alright. So first, roll the strengthen potion at Taako, which I love.
Clint: That would be a nine.
Griffin: A nine is just barely unsuccessful. So we‘ll say it sort of landed at
his feet and splashed up on him a little bit.
Clint: Aw.
Griffin: Yeah. So we‘ll say that, Taako, on your next turn, you‘ll do double
damage.
Justin: Okay, great.
Griffin: If you should choose to exercise that option.
Clint: Now, do I have to roll the other one?
Griffin: Yep!
Clint: The aggro? 16!
Griffin: Yep! That did it. The blue one is now coated in aggro juice. That is
it for Merle‘s turn. The red one escapes from his cowardice. He is
emboldened to attack the blue one, which is very fortunate, because he was
about to take Taako to… to stank town.
Justin: Appreciate that.
Griffin: He charges the blue one and attacks him. Ooh, god damn. And he
hits him for 28 points of damage. Which—
Travis: Shit!
Griffin: Which—
Justin: That was the red one?
Griffin: Yeah, the red one just attacked the blue one.
Justin: Wow.
Griffin: The red one is the biggest—
Travis: Hey, how about you don‘t try and pick that one‘s pocket anymore?
Griffin: The biggest, strongest one. That takes the blue one way past
bloodied, very, very, very seriously hurt. The green one then attacks him…
and crits. That is going to be 4d8 plus eight, which I
won‘t even bother rolling, because it definitely, definitely kills the… blue
ogre. The blue ogre goes falling to the ground, dead.
And that is it for that round! One of the automatons that just entered the
room moves, is now ten feet away from the pedestal… I forget where the—
other one is going to try to slip by you, but you‘re gonna make—
Travis: But I hunkered!
Griffin: You‘re gonna make an opportunity attack against him, because he
is moving by you. I don‘t know if we‘ve had one of these happen before, but
if you ever disengage with an enemy that you are within melee range of,
then they get to make an opportunity attack against you. So go ahead and
do that, Magnus.
Travis: 22.
Griffin: Okay, yeah. He does not succeed in his maneuver. Go
ahead and roll damage.
Travis: That‘s 'cause I hunkered!
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Ooh… That‘s gonna be full damage. 12.
Griffin: Yeah, he is destroyed. So he was maybe a little overeager there. The door on his side slides open, another automaton steps out.
Magnus, it is now your turn.
Travis: Let me ask you a question. Tell me about the doors on
either end.
Griffin: They are very, very heavy metal, industrial strength doors.
Travis: Got it. I‘m going to move over to the, uh, other automaton that‘s
10 feet away from the button…
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: And I am—I‘m gonna grab its hands.
Griffin: … Okay.
Justin: Dance with it.
Travis: Well, basically—
Griffin: You grab—
Travis: I‘m gonna—
Justin: Golem… paint your picture, about how it‘s gonna be…
Travis: I‘m trying to—
Justin: By now I should know better… the attacks are never free…
Clint: Promenade!
Griffin: Alright—
Justin: Tell me all about our little cabin by the orc sea…
Clint: Form a Texas Star!
Justin: Golem… you could always sell any dream to me…
Griffin: Okay—
Travis: What I‘m trying to do—
Justin: The most tender moment we‘ve ever had on the show.
Travis: I wanna disable its hands without disabling the whole automaton.
Justin: You want to disable its hands without disabling its heart.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: Okay, you‘re going to try to rip this thing‘s arms off, essentially.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: M‘kay. Go ahead and roll a—we‘ll do a strength contest. This thing
is going to resist having its goddamn arms ripped off.
Justin: At the last second, it looks at him like Wall-E.
Griffin: I rolled a six.
Travis: I rolled… A seven!
Griffin: Okay. Rrrip!
Justin: Oh, god. It‘s brutal. It‘s like that scene in Saving Private Ryan
where he‘s just slowly buring the knife in the guy. It‘s just like—
Clint: Don‘t rip off my arms! Not my arms!
Griffin: Because you—
Justin: I‘m clockwork!
Griffin: You just barely beat him in a strength contest, which means you
very, very slowly tear his arms off.
Clint: Ohh, ow!
Travis: While looking him in his cold, dead robot eyes.
Justin: My piano-playing days!
Griffin: What are you gonna do with his arms?
Justin: What are you gonna do with his arms, you monster?
Clint: Yeah! You bastard!
Travis: Put them in my pocket? I don‘t know.
Justin: Son of a bitch.
Griffin: Okay, your pockets aren‘t big enough for two robot arms.
Travis: Okay, I throw them back down the hallway.
Griffin: Okay, you throw the robot arms down the hallway.
Justin: Is there another robot seeing this?
Griffin: And you still have—and the other robot moves to the 10 foot mark.
Travis: I‘m gonna move back over to hunker over between that robot and
the button.
Griffin: Okay. That‘s it for your bizarre turn. Taako, you are up next.
Justin: I like, can‘t take an action because I‘ve just been watching this
thing unfold.
Taako: Why… I thought I knew him! He‘s an animal!
Justin: Okay, so, status update. Blue‘s dead.
Griffin: You‘re very strong. Blue is dead. Green is not quite bloodied, Red is
pretty bloodied.
Justin: Okay…
Clint: You‘re really strong.
Justin: I‘m not—I mean, I do double damage with my short sword, so it‘s
like, not great.
Griffin: Or your spells.
Travis: It‘s not the length of your sword, it‘s the damage you do.
Griffin: Yeah, you are not—you are not just strengthened, you are
energized. You are potent in every way.
Justin: Ohh! Okay! Alright! Well, fire up a magic missile then!
Clint: Oh!
Justin: Give everybody a slice!
Griffin: Okay, um… How are you distributing these missiles?
Justin: I‘m gonna send… all of them at the… green one.
Griffin: At the green one.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Well, see—I mean, I don‘t want to kill the red one, because then it‘s
just like, me and Greeno.
Griffin: Yup.
Justin: But I think I can like, drop him down.
Griffin: Pretty good call. Okay.
Justin: Thanks.
Griffin: Go ahead and roll damage. How did we decide how you do this?
Are you rolling—do you roll one damage and it counts for all of them, or—
Justin: Yes, that‘s what we‘ve been doing just for like—
Griffin: Strength, yeah okay. That‘s fine.
Justin: Just to expedite things. Jeez, I need more rolling room.
Okay, that‘s four… five!
Griffin: Five. So times—
Justin: Five damage per… so 15.
Griffin: So 15 times two is 30.
Clint: Whoa!
Justin: Right.
Griffin: You cast out magic missiles the size of goddamn torpedoes. You
cast out these gigantic—these bolts are bigger than you are. And they go
barreling out of—
Taako: Suck on these, dipshit!
Griffin: The edge of your wand, and blast the green one, who is
now severely, severely bloodied.
Justin: Perfect, but not dead. Excellent, excellent!
Griffin: But not dead. And that is it for Taako‘s turn. Merle, you are up.
You‘ve got bloodied red and a bloodied green one. You have—just an
update, you have no aggro potions.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: You have two healing potions. You have one hurting potion, and
one strengthen potion.
Clint: I am going to cast a hurting potion at red. Let‘s get rid of red.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Well wait, hold on. Isn‘t green the one that‘s super low?
Griffin: They‘re both pretty low.
Justin: They‘re both really low, yeah.
Griffin: Are you gonna focus, or are you gonna fire two?
Justin: Could you pass a hurting one—
Clint: And I‘m gonna pass a healing—I‘m gonna try hitting—well, no he
doesn‘t need healing.
Justin: No, I‘m good.
Clint: Nah, I‘m just gonna cast the one hurting.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: So you have two hurtings, or one?
Griffin: Just one.
Justin: Oh, okay.
Clint: I have only one hurting, right?
Griffin: Yep.
Clint: Yeah. Okay. Casting the hurting… 20.
Griffin: 20, yes. Definitely. So that‘s 2d10 plus 10.
Clint: That‘s nine… 18… 28.
Griffin: That is a very good hit. You blast the red one, who locks up stiff
and falls over dead.
Clint: Yay!
Justin: Hooray!
Griffin: Leaving just the green ogre, alone—
Justin: Cool, the one I shot with magic missiles!
Clint: With nobody to attack but Merle.
Griffin: Alone in the… in the arena with Taako.
Taako: Cool day for me.
Griffin: The green one charges at Taako, and swings an open-handed slap
at you.
Travis: Taako ducks! He runs away!
Griffin: He rolls a 19.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: And that is going to be… two… one… That is 11 points of
damage.
Travis: Whew. I was expecting way worse.
Griffin: Taako, as he slaps you, you go flying back about 15 feet, and land
on the ground on top of your wand, which—
Justin: Ow.
Griffin: Which snaps beneath you.
Travis: Oh, nurts.
Justin: What? Eh, this happens.
Griffin: So you are disarmed.
Travis: Wait, did you say wand?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Oh, okay, never mind.
Griffin: What did you think I said?
Travis: Wang.
Griffin: That‘s a completely different mouth-sound.
Taako: You‘re tellin‘ me!
Griffin: Taako, you are also prone. 
Clint: But your wang‘s okay.
Griffin: But your wang is fine.
Taako: My wang is fine. Quick wang check.
Griffin: What does that take you down—
Travis: Roll to do a wang-check.
Griffin: What does that take you down to, Taako?
Justin: Three.
Griffin: Okay. Top of the order is the automatons. Travis, down the
hallway, you see the two arms slowly start crawling their way towards you in
the middle, independently. The… where are you
hunkered?
Travis: Between the armed one and the button.
Griffin: Okay. The armed one is going to walk toward you and try to do the
same sneak by you maneuver, so go ahead and make an opportunity attack.
Travis: It‘s only an 11.
Griffin: That‘s not gonna do it. He manages to get by you and slaps the
button.
Travis: Oh, nurts.
Griffin: Which electrifies and paralyzes Taako and Merle, who are unable to
act on this turn.
Travis: Sorry guys!
Griffin: Magnus, it is now your turn.
Travis: Okay, I am going to slam into the glass wall.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: With my axe. Two-handed.
Griffin: Are you going to… try and go through it?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Or are you just trying to…
Travis: I‘m trying to go through it to get to the ground.
Griffin: So you‘re doing sort of like a charge… okay. So you‘re doing sort of
a charge motion, then. Okay.
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: M‘kay. Go ahead and attack the glass then.
Travis: That is a… 22.
Griffin: 22, yes. That is sufficient. You blast through the glass, which
comes raining down… not on top of anybody, which is fortunate, 'cause it‘s
pretty thick glass, could probably do some damage. And you‘re going down
with it, right?
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: M‘kay, you‘re gonna take some falling damage.
Travis: Would I—wouldn‘t I roll a dexterity saving throw to see if I do an
awesome maneuver?
Griffin: I‘ll let you do that to try and mitigate some of this damage, but
you‘re falling two stories, so you‘re gonna take some goddamn damage,
Tony Jaa.
Travis: 14.
Griffin: 14? Okay, yeah. We‘ll say you take half damage. That is gonna be
2d10—
Travis: What?? For 20 feet?
Griffin: Yeah. Ten—one d10 for every 10 feet.
Travis: That‘s not that far, Griffy. I think maybe one d10. Maybe one.
Griffin: Four… plus five, nine, round that down to five, you take five
damage. For falling. And you are on ground level.
Travis: Great. I‘m gonna action surge—
Griffin: Do what now?
Travis: I‘m gonna action surge—
Griffin: Huh? What to the what?
Travis: And attack the red one.
Griffin: The red one‘s dead, so you hack at his dead corpse. Way to pay
attention.
Travis: Attack the—attack the green one.
Griffin: Okay, yeah. You landed relatively close to him and you still have 
some movement, since falling, I don‘t think, technically counts as
movement. So you get right up on him and attack, for…
Travis: Two-handed battle axe.
Griffin: Oh, you‘re going double-handed.
Travis: Yeah, that‘s gonna be 22.
Griffin: 22, yeah.
Travis: And a d10 plus four… I felt really guilty about paralyzing Taako.
Clint: And he‘s sitting there with like, drool coming out of the side of his
mouth. Blahh grahh blahh.
Justin: My face is frozen in the expression of a man who just realized that
his wand broke. So it‘s pretty sad. But also—
Clint: His wang is intact!
Justin: His wang is intact, and also layered on that, a third layer of residual
horror at watching you rip a poor robot‘s arms off. I‘m still, like, dealing with
that in my head. I‘m locked in a prison.
Clint: Well, we can also still hear…
Justin: Yeah, oh, yeah. In the distance, there‘s a whine of a dying robot.
Travis: I did 10 points of damage.
Griffin: Ten points of damage, okay! Not enough to kill him.
Travis: But enough to draw his attention.
Griffin: Yes, in fact, you did, and he goes next and uh, immediately returns
fire!
Justin: Why does he get another turn already?
Griffin: 'Cause you guys are paralyzed.
Justin: Ohh.
Griffin: He rolled a 19?
Travis: That‘s gonna hit!
Griffin: And he is going to hit you for… 15 points of damage.
Travis: I‘m sorry, what?
Griffin: 15 points of damage.
Travis: Okay. That‘s not enough to kill me.
Griffin: Oh really?
Travis: So there, Griffin! Your plans fails! 
Griffin: He knocks you across the arena though, and you are… you go
prone.
Travis: Aw, I forgot to hunker. Dammit.
Griffin: You did not hunker, he knocks you about 20 feet back. And you
land on your tummy.
Clint: And broke your wang.
Griffin: Broke your wang. Next in the order is the automatons, who jump
out of the broken glass window seeking vengeance for Magnus, and shatter
instantly as soon as they hit the ground. So next in the order is, uh… Magnus again.
Clint: Just lay there, pal. Just lay there.
Griffin: Are you not unconscious?
Travis: No. I have four points left.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: I am going to… well I‘m prone, right?
Griffin: Yeah, standing up is half your movement.
Travis: I am going to stand up.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: I am going to walk to five feet of the ogre.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: And I‘m going to point at Merle.
Clint: ―Sic 'em! 
Travis: As if to say, ―You got me, right? 
Griffin: Okay. Uh, alright. That‘s your turn. Taako, it‘s your turn.
Travis: Oh, and I‘m gonna hunker.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Well, I guess I‘ll go ahead and… how far away am I from this…
Griffin: Well, you have to stand up first.
Justin: Okay. Well I mean, I‘m gonna be the same distance from him,
right?
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Justin: So, okay. I stand up.
Griffin: As you stand up, something in your pack begins to… rattle,
feverishly.
Travis: It‘s a robot arm, get out of there!
Griffin: Something in your bag is moving, and you can actually feel some
warmth emanating from your bag.
Justin: Okay, I look in the bag. What‘s in the bag?
Griffin: You stick your hand in the bag, reach in, searching for this
movement and this warmth, and…
Travis: It‘s a raccoon.
Griffin: What you find—what you pull out is actually the umbrella that you
found.
Travis: Oh shit!
Griffin: In Wave Echo Cave.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: And as you hold it, you feel magical energy just sort of pulsating
from it. You feel more powerful just holding your umbrella.
Justin: I‘m gonna use magic missile.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: On this guy.
Griffin: You swing around, you point the umbrella at the damaged green
ogre. It opens up and deploys, and… awaits your damage rolls.
Justin: How polite! Two. So I rolled a two, so what is it, two—
Griffin: Plus one.
Justin: Three—
Griffin: Three times three. Which is nine. Three silvery bolts emerge from
the tip of your open umbrella, that all fly at him, and actually hits him for 12
damage instead of nine.
Travis: Ooh!
Griffin: You blast him again with magic missiles and he locks up, goes stiff,
and falls over backwards. And you hear, ―Bong bong bong! come
from the intercom. And the voice of The Director says… 
Director: That was quite an unconventional way of doing that. I particularly
liked when you ripped the arms off that poor helpless robot, but…
congratulations! You have passed the Test of Initiation.
Clint: Yeahhh!
Taako: Woo!
Travis: Baller. Party at my place!
Justin: Griffin, can you say the part where you say we‘ve solved your
puzzle?
Griffin: You‘ve solved… you‘ve solved my puzzle of robot arms ripping!

[BAL9]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Director: Welcome, the three of you, to the Bureau of Balance.
Magnus: Excuse me, madam, what is your name?
Director: Uh, the Director is fine. The Bureau of Balance has a singular
purpose – to collect and destroy powerful artifacts like the gauntlet that you
have in your possession right now. We would be happy, actually, to hire the
three of you on as reclaimers.
Taako: I would walk five hundred miles! No, I had that on cassette, homie.
Griffin: You hear her say…
Director: Welcome to the test of initiation.
Travis: I wanna disable its hands without disabling the whole automaton.
Griffin: You very, very slowly tear his arms off.
Clint: Ooh! Ow!
Griffin: Something in your pack begins to rattle, feverishly. What you pull
out is actually the umbrella that you found in Wave Echo Cave.
Travis: Oh, shit!
Justin: I‘m gonna use magic missile.
Griffin: You point the umbrella at the ogre, blast him, and he falls over
backwards.
Director: Congratulations, you have passed the test of initiation.
Merle: Yeah!
Taako: Woo!
Magnus: Baller.
Announcer: What if the game is real life, and everything else is just a
game? Think about it. The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: Uh, the three of you are, uh, back in the Director‘s office,
essentially.
Travis: Everyone‘s high-fiving.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, there‘s a—it‘s kinda like the end of Star Wars Episode
IV. There‘s a lot of people in the blue and white uniforms that are all sort of
standing around applauding as you walk into the chamber. You hear cries
from the audience of like, ―I can‘t believe you ripped that robot‘s arms off!
That was sick! 
Travis: And I‘m high-fiving him with the robot‘s arms, and everyone‘s kind
of laughing at it, but also a little horrified.
Griffin: Yeah, they allowed you to keep that as a little, uh, a little trophy
for your, uh, accomplishment.
Travis: If you don‘t think I‘m writing that down and using it in a battle with
a giant spider later, you are wrong.
Griffin: Yeah, you‘ll—yeah, you‘ll do any dumb shit. Um… So, you uh, you three approach the—did we settle on how the word
dais was pronounced?
Travis: Yeah, that‘s correct.
Clint: It is ―day-is. 
Griffin: M‘kay. The three of you approach the dais, and the Director, uh, is
standing there, doing a sort of queenly clap, very, like, very…
Sort of a golf clap, if you will. And she says, uh…
Director: We‘re all very, very impressed. You all, uh… We‘ve seen a lot of
different solutions to the test of initiation, but nothing quite so colorful as
that. So, uh, congratulations are in order. The three of you are now fully
fledged members of our order. We‘re happy to have you on as reclaimers,
and we are pleased to present you each with your tailor-made bracers of—
Taako: Woo!
Merle: Yeah!
Director: —Bracers of Balance, is what we call them. We‘re—we‘re really
into, uh, alliteration here.
Griffin: She says.
Clint: Bully!
Griffin: Um, and she claps.
Director: Davenport!
Griffin: Uh, and Davenport, the gnome butler, walks out carrying another
tray. This tray has three bracers of varying sizes, and the Director points
out—
Director: Make sure that you put on the right one, because once those go
on, they never come off, so, uh, make sure you—
Clint: Whoa whoa whoa.
Director: —you wanna make sure and put on the one that was tailor-made
for you, or else there will be, um, some… permanent discomfort.
Taako: I‘m—I‘m concerned about bracer stink. What‘s the policy on that?
Do you have a certain sort of detergent?
Director: Uh, we—each initiate in the order—in the uh, Bureau of Balance
is also granted a special brush that you get —and you can just sort of get it in there and do some grou—
some grouting. For your arm stink. There‘s going to be a smell, I‘m not going to
lie to you; each of our initiates does have to deal with a smell, but you get
used to it, and certain people, I‘ve learned, actually kind of come to like it.
Merle: Does—does the wrist turn green ever, under the bracer?
Director: Uh, if it does, you‘ll never know.
Merle: Ah, good.
Director: So at least you have that going, I suppose.
Griffin: Um… yeah, so, Davenport hands you each of your, uh, bespoke
bracer, and she says…
Director: Oh, put those on your left wrist, by the way. Uh, well, actually,
what—what dominant hand are each of you?
Magnus: I‘m ambidextrous.
Director: Yeah, of course you are.
Taako: Uh, I prefer right. Just me...
Director: 'Kay. Just make sure you don‘t put it—it‘s easier, we find, to have
it on your non-dominant hand, but I suppose it‘s up to you.
Clint: I put it on my left.
Travis: I‘ll put it on my left.
Griffin: M‘kay. Um, as you clasp it on, the clasps on these—these are, uh,
pure silver bracers, with the Bureau of Balance rune on it, and as you clasp
them shut, the clasps themselves disappear.
Travis: Oh no, wait, my right!
Griffin: Leaving just a continuous band of silver with the rune on it, and
she says…
Director: Welcome to the club. This is very exciting. We have not had, uh,
new reclaimers in the order for quite some time.
Merle: Well, it‘s no wonder.
Director: Why is that?
Merle: Well, it‘s a tough process gettin‘ in.
Director: Yeah. Um, yeah, it‘s—
Magnus: Yeah. Totes is.
Director: It‘s not a very high, uh, completion rate, uh, for the test, but the
three of you don‘t have to worry about that ever again. You‘ve already been
paid handsomely your finder‘s fee for finding the gauntlet, and you will be
paid as such each time you can find a grand relic for one of us. There are six
left.
Your job duties will just include following up on any promising information
that our seekers and spies find for us. We will send you out on missions, and
you will do what you did in Phandalin – ideally without involving the
destruction of an entire city and also thousands of souls.
Magnus: Well… I mean, ideally, yeah, but like—
Merle: It‘s collateral damage.
Magnus: Stuff...
Taako: Will that come out of our paycheck, or what‘s the story there?
Director: Oh, no, no, if it did, you all would actually owe us a hefty sum of
money.
Merle: Well, what was our paycheck by the way? Just kinda curious.
Director: Six hundred large.
Travis: Each.
Griffin: She said.
Director: Now, I understand, um, we are certainly sympathetic to the fact
that not everybody who joins the Bureau, um, is interested in monetary
gain.
Merle: 
Director: It sounds by your guffawing that you are not counted among
them. A lot of people who come to join the Bureau are interested in the
acquisition of power, as well.
Taako: Yeah!
Director: Uh, and that is something that we are actually very well-equipped
to help you out with.
Taako: This is our eighth episode. I‘ve learned that money is a sucker‘s
game. There‘s nowhere to use it, ever.
Merle: I‘m for real estate!
Director: We actually have—um, we have, uh—
Magnus: I just want a dog.
Taako: I just want favors.
Clint: I have a dog.
Griffin: You don‘t have a dog, stop lying.
Travis: What? You have a dog? When‘d you get a dog?
Clint: Ruby! That first episode! Ruby.
Travis: You forgot to feed Ruby for the last, like, eight episodes.
Justin: Yeah, much like the daughter from Family Matters, it just kinda
disappeared.
Director: No dogs are allowed on the moon, unfortunately.
Magnus: What?
Director: Yeah, it‘s a—well, they—here‘s the problem… They just run right
off the goddamn thing.
Magnus: Aw, I‘d keep him on a leash, and I‘d feed him, and I‘d walk him
every day, and I‘d make sure he didn‘t commit suicide off the moon.
Justin: ―No Dogs Allowed on the Moon is my favorite Weird Al album. I love that cover when it‘s like that dog with bug eyes and a
spacesuit.
Clint: No dogs allowed on the moon…
Griffin: We actually have, uh—
Travis: This is ground control to Major Dog!
Director: We have actually permitted an independent retailer space on our 
campus. Uh, if you want, you can actually spend some of your hard-earned
money at the Fantasy Costco, and purchase—
Taako: It‘s called ―Fantasy Costco ?
Director: That is the name of the establishment, yes. Yes. I didn‘t name it,
of course. I named the Bureau of Balance, which I thought was very, um—a
terrific name, much, much better, inarguably, than Fantasy Costco, but—
Merle: Davenport came up with that, right?
Director: Uh, no, he does not run the Fantasy Costco. He is my charge, my
ward. Isn‘t that right, Davenport?
Davenport: Yeah, that‘s right! Davenport! I‘m a Pokémon apparently!
Travis: Davenport! Davenport!
Clint: ―Davenport Davenport Davenport!
Griffin: She says, um…
Director: But, in addition to monetary rewards, we do have a system in
place for allotting each of you a certain measure of power. Now, of course,
the strictures of our order prohibit us from granting each other magic items.
Magnus: Cool.
Director: Obviously, lesser magic items we, uh, will permit you to keep. I
notice you have some Loafers of Leaping, there.
Magnus: Mm-hmm.
Director: Um, we will not take those from you because we find it‘s a
necessary evil for you to do your job, to have—
Magnus: My loafers are not evil!
Director: Um, y—it‘s certainly not; compared to the gauntlet that you just
destroyed, those leapers—those leapin‘ loafers are not going to destroy an
entire city, certainly. However, our order‘s not allowed to, uh, does not
permit us to give each other magic items. But we do have a sort of a clever
workaround for that, and Davenport will now pay you your final reward. Your
final, um, finder‘s fee—
Magnus: He‘s going to kill us!
Director: He‘s going to murder the three of you. Thank you for your
service, goodbye.
Merle: Is this like a signing bonuses?
Justin: A murder-murder- murder-suicide.
Director: Yes, that is a terrific, terrific way of thinking about it. This is your
signing bonus.
Griffin: And Davenport presents you with another tray with three large,
copper, very intricately printed tokens on it, and hands one to each of you.
Travis: Mine says, ―Good for one back rub. 
Justin: And Davenport winks! Davenport…
Travis: ―Davenport Davenport. No, Davenport.
Griffin: Davenport, no.
Travis: Spray him with a water bottle!
Director: If you present those to the, uh, our resident artificer, he will help
you out with acquiring few new tools you can use on your adventure. You‘re
gonna wanna leave this dome, head to, uh— this third dome on your right, and then inside that dome is
actually a smaller dome. Goddammit, we love domes around here. Um, and inside, you will find the artificer‘s chambers. Do you
have any questions about your new job, your duties, anything along those
lines?
Magnus: What- what happens with the bracers once we‘ve found all seven
objects?
Director: Oh, shit.
Griffin: She says.
Travis: Okay.
Merle: Maybe that‘s our reward for finding all the objects.
Director: Yes, it‘s that we… Very quickly cut your hand
off and get the bracer off. But then we attach the hand back, and it‘s like not
a big deal.
Magnus: Sounds cool to me!
Taako: Excuse me, I have a question.
Director: Yes, yes.
Taako: Was the seventh object love the whole time? Because I‘d like to know that upfront. I can‘t—I can‘t run around for
40 episodes and at the end find out that the seventh object was love. So I‘m
gonna ask upfront if the seventh object is love.
Director: I cannot—we don‘t have enough—it would be, um, irresponsible
for me to confirm or deny that right now. Uh, we don‘t have enough intel to
confirm—
Taako: I knew it. Heads up, guys! The seventh object is love!
Director: We can‘t confirm or deny if the magic was inside you all along.
Taako: It was inside us the whole time, guys. That‘s the thing.
Magnus: Okay, just blink twice if the seventh object is love.
Taako: What I‘m saying is, once we get six, let‘s head back here and just
chill.
Travis: Wait, is the seventh object Harry Potter? Was he the seventh object
the whole time?
Taako: No, I guarantee it‘s love. She won‘t even say it‘s not love. It‘s
totally love. Just think and remember, okay?
Director: Yeah, okay.
Magnus: Okay.
Taako: Let‘s get—we‘ll get the other ones, but it‘s love.
Director: Perfect.
Magnus: Will we have a way to identify the objects, or do we have to just
keep bringing magical shit we find and say, ―Is this one of them? Is this it? 
Justin: Whatever magical detritus hones into our field of vision—
Griffin: Right.
Justin: —we‘ll bring to you like stray dogs.
Griffin: ―This is a empty wine bottle! 
Magnus: I found a rock that‘s kind of warm when it should be cold. Is that
one?
Director: Yeah, you nailed it. Hand that bad boy over.
Clint: Or it‘s charcoal.
Director: Uh, any other non-terrible questions?
Griffin: She says.
Merle: Um, is there a health plan?
Director: Uh, just don‘t die.
Magnus: I actually do have a question.
Director: Hit me.
Magnus: It—out on the world, are there agents that we should be on the
lookout? Like, is there a way to identify one another aside from the bracer?
Director: Uh, I mean, you have a pretty big silver bracer on, that will
typically help you out. If you‘re ever sent on a mission where you will need
to correspond with another member of the Bureau, we will certainly let you
know ahead of time to keep an eye out. Uh, we—we value teamwork here.
Magnus: And does the bracer do anything other than summon the glass
ball balloon thing?
Director: Oh, it does allow us to know exactly where you are at all times.
Merle: How do we get around? What kind of transportation do you provide?
Director: Uh, we uh, we—
Merle: Do you pay for gas?
Director: There—well, no—
Magnus: Yeah, is there mileage reimbursement?
Director: Uh, mostly we just, uh—again, this is, um, going to sound much
more unpleasant than it actually is… we fire you out of a cannon.
Magnus: Cool.
Justin: Great.
Clint: Hmm.
Director: You‘re gonna love it. It‘s a very efficient form of travel that, uh,
skips over a lot of boring narrative of, y‘know, walking through a goddamn
forest for two days or something.
Justin: Uh, as far as you know is there a, um—
Director: Get closer to the mic, sweetheart.
Justin: Uh, no, there‘s—oh god, okay. Yeah, I, uh, my question is—
Director: What the fuck happened to your voice?
Justin: Sorr—no, I‘m—I was telling you guys. My question is coming now.
Taako: So, my question is this— As far as you know, is there another—like, are there—is there
a bad Bureau of Balance? Like a bad guy?
Magnus: A Bureau of Imbalance?
Taako: A Bureau of Imbalance?
Director: As far as we know, the rogue wizards who called themselves Red
Robes… as far as we know, the rogue wizards who created all of these, uh,
weapons of mass destruction, these Red Robes, are all gone. They have all, 
um… most of them were killed in the mad hunt for these objects. Um, but as
far as we know, we have not seen any Red Robes. If you notice any on your
journey, if you encounter any—
Magnus: If we see someone in a red robe, kill 'em. Got it.
Director: No, don‘t. It‘s—it‘s imperative that you bring them to us; that
you allow us to detain them, because the information that they hold may
be… invaluable.
Magnus: What if it‘s just a regular person wearing a red robe?
Director: Well, I guess just be careful and use your best judgment, I
guess.
Magnus: Got it.
Merle: Like Hugh Hefner?
Director: Why would he—
Magnus: Or like Little Red Riding Robe?
Director: Yep. Yeah.
Justin: Alright, I‘m walking away.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: We do that.
Justin: Did we level up, by the way? Are we still level two?
Griffin: You‘re going to in the next—in 15 minutes. Fifteen minutes 'til Level
Up Town.
Justin: Alright.
Clint: Fifteen minutes 'til level up.
Justin: I don‘t know what the hell we‘re going to do in the artificer‘s office
that‘s gonna make us level up, but fine.
Travis: He says, ―You‘re leveled up now. 
Griffin: You enter into the artificer‘s chambers, and it is a, uh… it‘s a pretty
strange looking room. There is a gnome with a long, long, long white beard,
sitting behind a desk, uh, and the desk has on it a book that is bigger than
the gnome is. It‘s a very, very—it‘s an enormous tome.
Um, and behind him is a large machine, what looks like, uh, with a huge
glass tank on the top of it, containing a lot of smaller, spherical capsules
inside. And on the front, there is a metallic base for this tank with a small
slot in it and a large, round handle—
Travis: Griffin, did you remake the thing from Shenmue?
Griffin: And underneath the handle is a small door.
Travis: Okay, Griffin.
Justin: Did you make the thing from Shenmue?
Travis: Griffin made the thing from Shenmue.
Griffin: You know, Shen—Shenmue didn‘t invent—!
Justin: Griffin put the capsule game from Shenmue into our game.
Griffin: Well, and also the capsule game from Kroger, and any number of
grocery establishments. And the artificer says—oh, he needs a voice. Um…
Artificer: Hello, come on in.
Travis: No, not that one.
Artificer: My voice is quite deep for my small stature, but welcome.
Welcome to my chambers. My name is Leon. Welcome. Welcome to my uh,
my little slice of the moon, as I call it. Uh, I assume the three of you have
been paid some tokens?
Travis: Yes.
Clint: Is that this gimcrackery we were given earlier?
Travis: I take out my token and Taako‘s because he couldn‘t be trusted to
keep track of his, and I hand it back to him.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, he says uh—
Taako: Thanks!
Griffin: He says, uh…
Leon: As I‘m sure you‘ve been, uh, informed, uh—
Griffin: Man, this voice sucks. You‘re right, Travis; I need something else.
What—
Justin: Just lean into the George Takei-ness of that voice.
Clint: Yeah, I think if you just kinda—
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: —melt it.
Griffin: Um…
Leon: As I‘m sure the three of you have been informed, we are not allowed
to give one another magical items. However, if we allow Lady Luck or divine
intervention, or... whatever you‘d like to call it, however you like to think of
chance or fate, we can allow those forces to grant you magic items, using
this special machine.
Uh, here, any magic items that are picked up in the field and not used by
one of our agents go into the machine and then are given out to agents, uh,
carrying that special commendation that you have, uh, in a random manner.
Uh, so—
Magnus: Am I gonna end up with, like, magic socks?
Leon: Uh, god knows! You could end up with magic socks. You could end up
with a d—spear made out of dragon boners or something, I don‘t know!
Clint: The Dragon Boner Spear!
Justin: That actually sounds pretty good.
Leon: It does sound pretty rad, doesn‘t it?
Travis: I think that was supposed to be the awesome option.
Leon: Uh, I don‘t know what you‘re going to end up with. You don‘t know
what you‘re going to end up with. Uh, it‘s uh, actually very exciting, if you
ask me. But if you have any questions about the items that you have, or
items that you‘ve found, any items that you get out of the machine, you can
let me know, and I have a big book here that will, uh, help me diagnose it.
Taako: Do you, uh—can I ask you about this umbrella I have? Do you
recognize this one?
Leon: That? Let me see that!
Griffin: He says, and takes it off your hands, and looks it over and says,
uh…
Leon: Oh my goodness, where did you find this?
Taako: Doesn‘t matter.
Magnus: Up your mom‘s butt. What is it?
Leon: Well, that‘s…
Taako: It doesn‘t—I found it in a cave or something.
Leon: Okay.
Taako: It was like six episodes ago. I think a dead guy had it?
Leon: This uh… this is, uh… there are very few of these, Taako. You should
count yourself very lucky to have something like this.
Taako: Yeah, it seemed good.
Leon: This is called an Umbra Staff, which were created by an order of 
wizards called the… well, the Umbra Wizards. Uh, and they were a clever
sort—
Taako: Uh, did you say the Umbro Wizards? 
Leon: Umbra, with an A.
Taako: ―Known for their baggy shorts and their great soccer skills. 
Magnus: ―And their love of soccer! 
Taako: ―And their love of soccer, the Umbro wizards. 
Leon: Uh, they created magical items that looked like normal, everyday
items that would allow them to conceal those staves and wands, uh, and
allow them to bring it into battle unseen.
Justin: This is before they invented baggy shorts, and that—they
use those to conceal—
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Justin: —all their magical items.
Leon: Yes, they—
Travis: All the—the cargo pockets.
Leon: Again, like I said, a very clever order of wizards. And very
fashionable. What makes these, uh… what makes these staves interesting is
that they are able to consume the power of any magical item used by a
wizard that you have bested in combat, and absorb—
Taako: Ooh!
Leon: —their powers and become stronger. Um, so you will want to hang
onto this, because it is, uh… this is quite a rare find.
Taako: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Griffin: Um, he says…
Leon: Actually, if you—
Travis: I hand in the warm rock I found and say…
Magnus: What is this?
Leon: This is…
Clint: ―A cold rock. 
Leon: … a hot rock that you could use to maybe sear a thinly-cut slice of
Kobe beef.
Magnus: Excellent, excellent.
Clint: Beef! Beef!
Griffin: No, no—
Travis: Shut up, Davenport!
Clint: We have beef!
Griffin: You already had meat, so you need to calm down.
Clint: We didn‘t have it ground, did we?
Griffin: No.
Justin: Yeah, the grinder ground it.
Clint: Aw, crap.
Griffin: Um, he says, uh…
Leon: Is anybody feeling, uh—anybody feeling lucky? Anybody wanna take
a… take a spin?
Merle: Let me ask you something first.
Leon: Oh boy, I can‘t wait to see what you get.
Clint: And Merle hands him a tiny, pitiful, armless robot.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Aw. No, he wasn‘t tiny.
Leon: What the fuck did you guys do to this thing?
Magnus: Well… 
Merle: It‘s not ―we. We—we didn‘t.
Magnus: Fate did this to the robot! 
Justin: If you think about it!
Leon: This thing—this thing looks like it had its arms ripped off very slowly!
And cruelly!
Merle: No, that would be awful.
Leon: Uh, 'robits‘ are not my area of expertise.
Merle: Okay, I‘ll just hang onto it. I‘ll go first! I‘ll spin the big machine first.
Leon: M‘kay. Uh, there‘s no spinning, mostly, uh, cranking.
Merle: Ah.
Leon: But, uh… yeah! Insert your coin into the slot, and let‘s see where we
go! So excited.
Clint: Okay, I take the coin, put it in the slot, and I start a-crankin‘!
Griffin: Alright, you start crankin‘. Uh, I want you to roll a d20.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: Now, Griffin?
Griffin: Uh-huh?
Travis: Is there a shitty—is there like a, ―What‘s behind door number
three? Oh, there‘s nothing. 
Griffin: Oh, there‘s all kinds of items in the Fantasy Gachapon.
Travis: I want you to know—
Clint: 19! 19.
Griffin: Okay! 19… Uh, okay! A very small capsule—very, very small, um,
capsule pops out of the door at the bottom of the machine, the Fantasy
Gachapon. Um, and as you pick it up and pop it open, you find a very small,
uh, clasp, like a—like a, uh, earring? But like a clip-on type thing that sort of
goes over the outside of your ear.
Merle: Can we look this up in the ol‘ book?
Leon: Yes! Let‘s see, let‘s see. Uh, we‘ll open up to Index C—
Travis: ―Oh, you lose D&D! 
Leon: —for 'clasps.‘ Oh, this is actually a very interesting item! This is
called the True Heart Clasp. Uh, you wear it on your ear, and it uh, aids you
in knowing a person‘s true intentions.
Merle: Ooh!
Griffin: Um, which, in game terms, means that, on insight checks, which
are what you do to tell if somebody‘s telling you the truth, or if they have an
ulterior motive, sort of knowing the intention behind a person‘s words and
actions. Uh, whenever you make one of those checks, you‘ll get plus two to
it, and advantage on every insight check.
Clint: Excellent.
Justin: Nice.
Clint: I put on the earring.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: It looks very dashing.
Griffin: It is! It looks really good.
Clint: Thanks.
Justin: Pulling. It. Off.
Leon: Uh, anybody else? Anybody wanna go next?
Taako: I‘ll go!
Travis: Okay. 
Leon: Pop that bad boy in there.
Taako: I have a coin.
Leon: Yes, just go ahead and put it right—put it right in the machine, and
let‘s see! I can‘t wait.
Justin: I hand him my coin.
Leon: Okay, but you have to—you have to put it in the machine yourself.
Merle: You have to crank yourself.
Leon: Because there‘s a whole like, fate and chance and, like, divine
intervention thing that I set up for you, so—
Taako: Where does the coin go?
Leon: Into the… coin-shaped hole…
Taako: Excellent.
Leon: On the front of the machine.
Taako: Good news, I‘ve solved your puzzle.
Leon: Well, well, um…
Justin: I take the coin back.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I put it in the slot.
Leon: You take it and you put it right in the slot. Good, you‘re halfway
there; now, just crank that handle to the right! To the right. To the right.
Merle: To the left.
Taako: To the right?
Leon: Yes, to the right. Yes. Now, we‘re doing the—we‘re doing the
goddamn Cupid Shuffle now, so go ahead—
Justin: Now, I roll—I do insight check.
Griffin: Okay. On what?
Justin: On the guy to see if he‘s telling the truth about turning right.
Griffin: Okay, go ahead and roll a d20.
Justin: 15.
Clint: 15!
Griffin: Uh, yeah, he‘s telling the absolute truth. You can try and turn it to
the left.
Justin: I crank to the left.
Griffin: It doesn‘t. It just doesn‘t go. There‘s some sort of mechanism that
is preventing it from turning left.
Justin: I crank right.
Griffin: Okay. You crank it to the right. Roll a d20 for me.
Justin: 16.
Griffin: 16! Okay, uh, another very small, uh, capsule pops out of the uh,
door at the bottom of the chamber. Um, and you pop it open and find a, uh…
a blue steel ring. Um…
Travis: It causes you to pose for modeling contracts, right?
Griffin: No, it is—it‘s like a cobalt ring.
Travis: Oh.
Griffin: That is actually very cool to the touch. Um, and you hand it
towards Leon, who says, uh…
Leon: Let‘s see, rings. We have quite a few rings in there, so this may take
a while. That earring, by the way, Merle, just looks very good, very dashing.
I wish that I were lucky enough to get something like that out of the
machine. Uh, ring, rings, rings…
Merle: Sell it to ya.
Leon: Oh, n—really?
Travis: No!
Merle: Nah, nah, nah.
Justin: I think that‘s against the rules, right? I mean, that thing—
Leon: Oh, yeah. Oh, yes, absolutely. Definitely. Wink.
Griffin: He winks.
Leon: Definitely, definitely don‘t sell those to anybody. Wink wink wink.
Merle: Knew as soon as I put this earring on.
Griffin: He says…
Leon: That, uh, is a ring of frost, uh, Taako, and what this ring does is,
when the wearer is holding any beverage, it makes that beverage very
frosty and refreshing.
Taako: Excellent!
Merle: It‘s a Koozie ring!
Leon: And, uh, it also defends you against any frost-based damage. So,
that should help also, but its main purpose is frosty beverages.
Taako: That‘s too bad, but we got the frosty beverages thing.
Leon: Yeah, frosty beverages.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, so, any beverage you hold while holding it in your ring of
frost hand will be chilly and refreshing, and you also have resistance to frost
damage, which means you will take half damage from frost damage from
now on.
Clint: Don‘t drink coffee with it.
Travis: Unless you like it iced.
Griffin: Unless that‘s your jam.
Justin: You want it chilled—
Griffin: Right. Yeah.
Travis: That might be his jam.
Clint: Yeah, true.
Magnus: Okay, my turn.
Leon: Okay, Magnus, spin it. Let‘s see if we can‘t get something a little
bigger out of there.
Travis: Uh, yeah, um, I pop my coin in, I turn the knob. I got a six.
Clint: Whomp whomp.
Travis: Oh no!
Griffin: I mean this isn‘t necessarily a ―higher numbers better thing. It‘s
just, I have different items set to different numbers. Um, six! Uh, a very
large, uh, more ovular-shaped capsule pops out.
Travis: Magnus crosses his fingers.
Magnus: Magic dog, magic dog, magic dog…
Griffin: You pop open that capsule, uh, and inside is... an axe.
Magnus: Yay!
Griffin: A very, a very, uh, plain-looking axe with a long wooden handle
and a red wedge head on the end of it, just sort of uh… just sort of a basic
lumberjack‘s axe, essentially, which you hand to Leon, and he says…
Leon: Let‘s see. Uh, axe. Is that A-X or A-X-E? I always—I can never seem
to remember how we spell it.
Magnus: A-X. A-X-E is the body spray.
Leon: Okay. Not a hundred percent sure you‘re right on that one, but let‘s
see.
Magnus: Well, who knows?
Leon: Uh, this is a very powerful axe called Rail Splitter, and Rail Splitter is
more powerful than your standard axe, despite its humble trappings. Um,
and it is said that the Rail Splitter can, in a single swipe, chop down any
tree.
Magnus: Sweet.
Leon: With one—with one swipe of the axe.
Justin: It‘s good for him 'cause he hates trees.
Magnus: I do! I detest them.
Griffin: Uh, so this is a plus one battleaxe, which means you get plus one
to your attack and damage rolls with it.
Travis: Ooh!
Griffin: And like he said, once per day, you can use the Rail Splitter to fell
any tree with one go.
Clint: And you grow a beard like Abe Lincoln.
Travis: Now, I wanna clear some things up. Magnus has a beard; he‘s just
got bushier sideburns than the rest of his beard.
Griffin: Nope, that‘s not canonical.
Travis: That is canonical!
Griffin: No, you can‘t just make shit up.
Travis: Day one! That is from day one I said that shit.
Justin: Day one, he has said that.
Griffin: In all the art, though, it‘s just the 'burns.
Travis: I know! That‘s why I‘m clearing it up right now—
Griffin: No, artists, our legion of wonderful, incredible artists, don‘t you
listen to him.
Justin: If you go back and listen to the first episode, he specifically says he
has beards and a sideburn, but his beard—his sideburns—
Griffin: You can establish that, but in the next chapter, I‘m gonna make a
dragon burn your goddamn beard off.
Travis: ―Nair the Dragon burns your beard away. 
Leon: That was a pretty—I‘m not gonna lie to you guys, there‘s a lot of
stinkers in there. There‘s a lot of stinkers and a lot of clunkers. The three of
you fared very well. But you will, uh, you‘ll receive more tokens for laudable
efforts in the field, so uh… I guess any time you have a question about
anything you find out there or have some tokens to uh, throw to the whims
of fate, you, uh, let me know.
Merle: So this isn‘t retroactive to all the wizards we‘ve already killed?
Leon: What are you... talking about?
Magnus: Oh, no, you‘re talking about the umbrella.
Leon: Oh, no, you don‘t get one token per wizard you murder. Uh, or else,
uh, you could go on some horrible spree down on the surface level, and uh…
we don‘t encourage that type of behavior.
Taako: Alright.
Merle: Yeah, that‘s fine.
Griffin: Why don‘t we go to Fantasy Costco, and you can level up while
you‘re walking around? Because y‘know, like, you can‘t go to Costco and
just, like, knock out a Costco run in 10 minutes.
Travis: You gotta try—you gotta eat some snacks.
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re gonna eat some—we have a new Kashi, it‘s Kashi 2.
You‘re gonna love it.
Travis: Even Kashi-er than before!
Griffin: You‘re looking around, you‘re doing some comparison shopping on
some fruit leather… Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master, and
your best friend. Yeah, sure. Fuck it. I'm your best friend now. That is
happening. Thank you all so much for listening to The Adventure Zone,
episode nine, the third part of our interlude chapter, which we have titled
Moonlighting. This is very exciting. We have a jumbotron message for this
episode of The Adventure Zone. Our very first jumbotron.
If you've listened to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, or uh, any of the other
shows on the Maximum Fun network, uh, you already know about
jumbotrons. They are personal or business messages that you can purchase
that will go in the middle of the show. You can find them at
MaximumFun.org/jumbotron, where you can send out a message to a
buddy, or a loved one, or you can promote your thing.
Here‘s an example of what one of those sound like, because this is one of
those! Uh, this jumbotron was sent to us by Illustratian. I hope I'm
pronouncing that right. It‘s like the word 'illustration,‘ but instead of an O at
the end, there‘s an A at the end. I-L-L-U-S-T-R-A-T-I-A-N. Illustratian. I
kind of like how that is pronounced better than the standard version of the
word.
―I want you to visit www.Illustratian.com/commish, and subscribe to
Illustratian on Instagram for a change to win a monthly, full body portrait
giveaway. Now, Illustratian is an artist who has done some terrific work. If
you follow me on Twitter, you will recognize their handiwork as my Twitter
avatar, which I adore and am never going to change, probably.
If you like the look of that, you can get a portrait from this link.
Illustratian.com/commish. They‘re doing portrait commissions, which make
great gifts. They specialize in D&D character portraits, which is appropriate.
They actually won our art contest, and won a signed players handbook,
which we actually delivered during our Candlenights show, which was really
fun.
And yeah, they made my Twitter avatar, so check that out, and if you like
the look of it, you can get some portrait commissions done. They also do
freelance illustration work, so if you want it drawed, they will drawed it.
Again, that is Illustratian.com/Commish.
Thank you all for listening to and sharing and reviewing the show. We have
one new character named after a person for someone who shared the show
using the #TheZoneCast hash tag. This one is for Leon Roselar, whose name
you might recognize from all the fucking fantastic episode recap art that
they have done for all of our episodes. 
Um, you can find all of it on our Tumblr page, which is TheAdventure.Zone.
You can get a look at all of the episode recap art, and all of the art that
people have sent in. That website is also a good way to keep track of new
episodes as they come up, and things like character sheets. I'm gonna post
all three, Justin, Travis, and Dad‘s character sheets, after they have updated
them, 'cause I'm bumping them up a couple levels. So you can find all that
on TheAdventure.Zone.
One more super exciting thing. Next week, we are kicking off MaxFunDrive,
which is the pledge drive that the Maximum Fun network, which we are a
very proud member of, as is My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Sawbones,
and Bunker Buddies, all members of the McElroy family of products, on
Maximum Fun. We love it. We‘ve been a member of it for a long time. We
adore their mission statement, and all of the other shows on the network,
which you can find at MaximumFun.org.
If you haven‘t listened to them, go listen to them. They‘re all terrific.
Maximum Fun is a donor supported network. Once a year, we have a pledge
drive where we ask listeners of the show to consider donating once a month,
um, and in doing so, you will get some awesome pledge gifts, which we will
announce next week. And you will also get bonus content for every single
show on the network.
So if you like The Adventure Zone, you're tired of waiting two weeks
between episodes, we feel you. You can get a bonus episode, which is
actually a 45 minute long prequel to The Adventure Zone saga as we know
it. It is a meeting of the minds between Taako, Merle, and Magnus; their
origin story, and how they met. It was super, super fun. It was a really,
really fun thing to record, and I think it turned out really well.
So yeah, you can get that and bonus episodes of My Brother, My Brother,
and Me, and every other show on the network, like Jordan, Jesse, Go, Stop
Podcasting Yourself, Throwing Shade… hours and hours and hours and hours
of content for being a monthly donor. But not only that – you help support
us, and you help support the shows that we do. MaxFunDrive kicks off next
Monday, so we will see you there and let you know all of the stuff that we
get up to during the two weeks that the MaxFunDrive runs.
That‘s it. Let‘s get back to the episode. Again, time to go shopping at the
Fantasy Costco. Gonna do some leveling up, and then uh, our next episode
will be the start of a new campaign chapter, starring Taako, Merle, and
Magnus that I'm really, really excited about to get to. So thank you all so
much for listening. Thank you all so much for your support and for sharing
the show, and just for everything. We really—I can't tell you how much we
appreciate the support that we've gotten since we went live with this thing
just a few short months ago.
Enjoy the rest of the episode, and we will see you next time! Fantasy Costco, where all your dreams come true! We got
it all!
Justin: I love Fantasy Costco. This place is great.
Griffin: We got everything you need.
Travis: Yeah, these deals are terrific. I‘m so glad I became a member.
Griffin: Do you need 36 pairs of Puma socks? Do you need a box with a
144 strips of fruit leather in it? What do you need? 'Cause we got it. We also
have adventuring items.
Uh, the three of you walk to the massive, massive Fantasy Costco building.
It‘s the biggest building and only non-domed-shaped structure on the
campus, which you‘re certain that the organizers of the Bureau of Balance
are not so psyched about. But this is an independent retailer, and, uh, which
means that they are allowed to sell you magic items, um, without, uh, any
interference by the Bureau. 
So, uh, all of that gold that you‘ve been fucking nonstop complaining
about, Justin… uh, you now can spend on things. A lot of the inventory of
the Fantasy Costco was stocked by listeners of the show, um, so thank you
everybody. I think we got like—we got like 150 different item submissions in
for people.
I will say that many of those items were Tex-Mex in nature. Thank you for
those submissions, but uh, I think I might handle the storytelling like, at my
own pace. Which is to say, accidentally saying taco-related keywords, um,
and having… having that be canonical.
Um, but yeah, have you guys thought about—each of you has 600 gold
pieces, have you thought about how you might like to spend it?
Travis: How much is a dog?
Griffin: Uh, nonexistent. Remember, no dogs on the moon. Even Fantasy
Costco could not sneak one of those pups past—also, Travis, I don‘t, like,
believe in puppy mills, so that‘s like sort of my thing. Sort of like—
Travis: No, they‘re all rescue puppies.
Griffin: That they sell?
Travis: Yeah, at Fantasy Costco. As long as it‘s a fantasy, why can‘t it
be my fantasy?
Clint: I‘d like to observe that I think we have more than 600 gold each. I
mean, we got 30 gold from the sack of golden teeth.
Griffin: Are you g—are you about to math—if you wanna math this out, if
you have been actually calculating and tabulating all of the fake currency
I‘ve been throwing in your direction, then that‘s fine. I was just sort of
rounding it for brevity‘s sake.
Clint: I think we need to go up to 750 just from what I‘m looking at my—I
have been writing it all down.
Griffin: Um… no. Are you sure—are you 100% sure?
Clint: No, I bluffed.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, you just made a bluff roll against your own son. And failed. Uh, no, 600 gold each, we got a lot of great items in
here. Um, a few highlights – we have uh, the Stones of Farspeech from Greg
Glass, those are a hundred gold pieces each. Uh, those basically function as
little stone walkie-talkies. That‘s neat. Uh, our very own Drew Davenport
sent in an item called the Phantom Fist which allows you to knock enemies
back with unarmed blows. Those could be nice, that‘s a nice option. You got
the Extreme Teen Bible, uh, which I added there, uh, which is a plus one
holy symbol, which would make Merle‘s spells a little bit more potent.
Justin: I like the Ring of Pointing from Daniel Kiefer; a copper ring with an
inlaid ruby, uh, that can be used as—that shoots a laser out, and it can be
used as a distraction or to highlight salient information during business
presentations.
Griffin: Yeah, a lot—some of these items I had to tweak, uh, a little bit for
simplification‘s sake, because I want to keep the game running fairly
smoothly. By the way, the rest of this episode‘s probably gonna be a little bit
of table talk, which uh, may not be everybody‘s cup of tea, but we gotta do
a little bit of management because things are getting a little bit hairy in the
rules department. Um, we need to level you guys up, for instance, which we
haven‘t done in, like, six years, so…
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Um, yeah, anybody wanna do some shopping real quick?
Travis: I was interested in that Phantom Fist.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Is that—is that anything you guys were eyeballin‘?
Clint: I was when I thought I was getting 750, but…
Travis: Oh, I see, okay.
Griffin: So, Travis, you want to pick up the Phantom Fist?
Travis: I would like to purchase the Phantom Fist!
Griffin: Which was sent in by Drew Davenport. It makes your unarmed
attacks a little bit stronger, and allows you to knock back, uh, knock back
enemies when you hit them with unarmed attacks.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Okay!
Cashier: That‘s, uh, 400 gold pieces please.
Griffin: Says the cashier. Of Fantasy Costco.
Travis: So I‘ve done that now…
Griffin: Sorry, actually, you‘re probably not gonna like, buy each item
individually, you‘re gonna throw it into like a huge oversized cart. And
probably purchase it all at once, but…
Travis: Yes.
Clint: Is there no samples? I mean, these places usually have free samples.
Griffin: Yeah, ―Here, have a sample of Phantom Fist. And then somebody
punches you in the sternum. Somebody punches you in the sternum a little
bit and you go flying back like six inches.
Clint: Ah! That‘s good Phantom Fist.
Cashier: What‘d you think? You can find that on aisle 416.
Clint: Daddy like!
Griffin: Anybody else buying stuff?
Justin: I, uh… I would like to ask about the Unlimited Pasta Pass for a
hundred gold, from uh, Dianis the 23rd. It says, ―Can be used at any
participating Olive Garden for free, unlimited pasta for the owner of the pass
and free soft drinks for their guests. 
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: That doesn‘t seem to have huge implications for our game.
Griffin: Oh, and what‘s great is I actually edited it, because the original
description said it only lasted six weeks. So if you didn‘t find a Fantasy Olive
Garden in the first six weeks of the game, then your pasta pass is going to
be for naught.
Justin: Well, I‘m—I‘m clearly buying that.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And then never using it. 
Justin: And I‘m buying the Ring of Pointing.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Oh, were we supposed to just pick up everything we wanted?
Griffin: Yeah, just tell me what you want. Let‘s move through this thing.
Justin: And I‘m think—‘cause that gets me at 300, and I think I‘d also like
the Wand of Switcheroo from Evan Abrams.
Griffin: I wanna—I wanna knock that—I need to change the Wand of
Switcheroo. Before you decide to buy it, it has three charges. That seems
like way crazy powerful, and I didn‘t think about that. I think—I think just
one per day is probably enough.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Um, so, go—you go ahead and say it, but just keep in mind.
Justin: ―When pointed at another creature of similar size within a hundred
feet and activated, the holder will switch places with the target if it is willing.
If the target is unwilling, it must exceed a DC 17 constitution saving throw
to remain in place. Holds three charges, but apparently one now, ―and it
regains one charge after a long rest. 
Griffin: Yeah. Three charges, you could just be fuckin‘ switchin—
switcheroo-in‘ all day every day.
Travis: Just Nightcrawler-ing all over the place.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Um, so, that brings you to 600, if nobody else wants any of those
other items.
Clint: Well, I—wait a minute!
Griffin: Uh oh.
Clint: I, uh, I want the Scuttle Buddy.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Scuttle Buddy…
Griffin: Who sent in the uh, Scuttle Buddy?
Clint: Jason Hagle sent in the Scuttle Buddy. It‘s a, uh, ―mechanical beetle
that you can use as a spy. It will talk to you, but it won‘t have… 
anything interesting to say beyond its primary functions. And you can only
wind it up four times before it breaks. And I‘m gonna name him Ted.
Griffin: Ted the Scuttle Buddy. Um, so this is—you can use it to bug a
room, to scout out an area. It‘s very fragile, so it can be destroyed if
anybody notices it while you‘re spying on them. You can only use it four
times. Uh, it can‘t fly, but it can crawl around and stick to walls and stuff like
that. It also can‘t collect items or interact with the environment for you.
Clint: And I want a Slim Jim.
Cashier: Well, we don‘t have those here, sir.
Merle: Well, you‘ve got everything at Fantasy Costco!
Cashier: Now, we can sell you 1,200 Slim Jims.
Merle: What‘ll that cost me? About five gold?
Cashier: We can sell you, essentially, a hay bale of Slim Jims. And that‘s
gonna cost you 15,000 gold pieces.
Merle: I‘ll hold off.
Magnus: Uh, I‘m also gonna pick up the Stones of Farspeech.
Cashier: How many?
Magnus: Um… oh! I thought it was a set.
Cashier: Are you—okay, you can have three for a hundred gold.
Magnus: Thank you.
Taako: Fire sale!
Cashier: No, no, I‘ll tell you what. I‘ll give you three for 200 gold. I‘ll meet
you in the middle.
Magnus: Okay. I‘ll accept that deal.
Griffin: You‘re getting haggled. They do a lot of haggling at Costco. A lot of
people don‘t know that. It‘s a little Cos—it‘s a real life Costco hack. Just,
like, start arguing with them about the prices that they—
Justin: It‘s really a suggestion.
Griffin: Uh-huh. Really, any restaurant, Chipotle will do that too.
Footlocker. Uh, houses, uh, cars. What do we want—
Clint: Is there a Fantasy Chipotle?
Griffin: Uh, no. Nice try.
Travis: Quick question.
Griffin: Great way to set that trap up, and I jumped right over it. What is
it, Travis?
Travis: Um, now that I‘ve got the Rail Splitter, is there a system put in
place to, like, sell my old axe, or is it just gone?
Griffin: Um… no, nobody‘s gonna wanna buy that shit.
Travis: Oh, I see.
Griffin: Garbage. I didn‘t wanna tell you because I didn‘t want to hurt your
feelings, but you‘ve been using a garbage axe this whole time.
Travis: Okay…
Clint: Well, how much we got left, Ditto?
Griffin: I haven‘t been—you—I was hoping that you would keep track of
your own finances.
Justin: I spent all my money.
Travis: Yeah, I did too.
Justin: Taako‘s out.
Clint: Well I should have at least… 250 left.
Griffin: You got 250 left. Almost enough for that Extreme Teen Bible!
Clint: I know!
Griffin: But not quite.
Clint: Do they have any left?
Griffin: No, they‘re both out.
Travis: When you say, ―almost enough, you mean, like, half the amount
you need.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: That‘s not almost.
Griffin: Will you read the description of the Extreme Teen Bible?
Clint: Yeah, I know.
Griffin: Will you re—just read it out loud.
Clint: ―A plus one holy symbol— 
Justin: He thought you wanted him to read it to himself! 
Contemplate it.
Clint: I was reading it to myself! ―A plus one holy symbol. The
cover features a rad skateboarder, allows the user to more easily spread the
good word of Marthammor Duin to teens.
Travis: Before we check out at the checkout line, if I may, I… Dad, my
advice, I think you‘ll get way more use out of that than the Scuttle Buddy.
The Scuttle Buddy seems cool, but—
Griffin: Hey, let Dad spend his money how he wants to spend it!
Justin: Who‘s fuckin‘ this dog?
Travis: What!?
Griffin: There are no dogs on the moon!
Travis: No dogs on the moon.
Merle: Alright, I‘ll tell you what. We‘ll take the six hu—I‘ll tell you what, I‘ll
offer you 600—
Cashier: Okay.
Merle: —for the Scuttle Buddy—
Justin: Don‘t, stop. You‘re yelling! You got a microphone.
Clint: Sorry, I got excited. Uh, I‘ll offer you 600—
Griffin: Hey, you calm the fuck down, sir! There‘s no yelling at
Fantasy Costco!
Merle: I‘ll offer you 600 for the Scuttle Buddy and the Extreme
Teen Bible, and I will throw in, give to you… this armless robot.
Magnus: And my old axe.
Cashier: What am I—what am I gonna do with an armless robot and an
old, garbage axe?
Merle: You‘ll find some fool to buy 'em just like we‘re buying this stuff!
Cashier: I don‘t appreciate the implication that I‘m gonna wanna do sex
stuff with this armless robot —that you‘re obviously trying to make. This implication, I mean.
Merle: That‘s my deal, take it or leave it.
Cashier: Umm… can you sweeten the pot? Can you sweeten the pot at all?
Magnus: I have this deck of cheating playing cards.
Cashier: Ooh, interesting, let me see those. Yeah these are, uh, this is just
a—looks like a deck of playing cards, but it looks like there‘s like 12 aces up
in here. So…
Merle: Hey I got a—I got a jade frog.
Cashier: Interesting, um...
Merle: I could throw the jade frog in there.
Taako: I wrote down the word ―goo on my sheet. At some point, did I get
some goo?
Clint: No, you had goo on your sheets.
Cashier: I‘ll tell you what. Give me your gooey sheets, give me your sex
robot— Give me your gooey sheets, give me your sex robot, give me your
garbage axe—
Justin: This is exactly what the Statue of Liberty says at the bottom,
right? I know this.
Clint: Give me—
Justin: Give me your gooey sex sheets—
Clint: Give me your gooey sheets, your poor—
Justin: Your armless robot—
Griffin: Your armless sex robot—
Clint: Yearning to be free…
Cashier: You throw all that in, you give me 600 gold and… the holy symbol
you‘re using right now.
Griffin: This nameless cashier says.
Cashier: And uh, and I‘ll make that trade with you.
Merle: Alright, but I wanna hang on to the armless robot.
Cashier: Ugh, God, I had—
Merle: I‘ll throw in the jade frog! I‘ll give you the jade frog, instead of the
armless robot.
Cashier: I had big, big plans for that armless robot.
Merle: Oh, alright. Alright, deal.
Cashier: 'Kay.
Griffin: You trade in all of that junk and 600 dollars, 600 gold dollars, uh,
and you, uh, you get the Extreme Teen Bible and the Scuttle Buddy.
Merle: And I want a warranty. There‘s gotta be a warranty.
Cashier: Uh, the Bible doesn‘t need a warranty, sir; it‘s the good book. It‘ll
never stop being good.
Magnus: And, to be fair, the Scuttle Buddy is designed to break. It says it
right there on the tag.
Cashier: Yeah, the Scuttle Buddy‘s gonna break, so… um, I will insure the
Scuttle Buddy for another 350 gold pieces.
Griffin: Which is the purchase price of the Scuttle Buddy.
Clint: Yeah, okay.
Griffin: Uh, so you all check out with your new items. Please, please,
please, sweet Jesus write those down, um, because I am not going to.
Travis: And each of you now has one of the Stones of Farspeech. Like, I‘m
just gonna go ahead and hand them out.
Griffin: So you guys can be in, like, your different… tree forts… your
different tree houses in different parts of town, just like ―Hey, you up? Hey,
guess— 
Travis: We‘ll come up with a—we‘ll come up with a special language that
only we can understand later.
Griffin: ―Hey, A/S/L? 
Travis: No, not that.
Griffin: Um, alright, let‘s level you guys up.
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: Because we need to level you up desperately. Uhh, do I need to
grab my player‘s handbook, or do you guys have yours?
Travis: I‘m already leveled up.
Justin: You might as well have it Griffin, just to use.
Griffin: Yeah, I‘m‘a get mine real quick. So yeah, we need to level you
guys up. I also want to, uh, let you guys pick your character specializations.
So, in Dungeons and Dragons, each class has basically different paths that
they can go down. And the problem is that, uh, Travis you made your own
character because you had a little bit more experience, but Taako and Merle
were both, like, these pre-rolled characters. Um, and I want you guys to be
able to come up with your own sort of paths for them.
'Cause I mean, a lot of people think the rules are boring or whatever but I
think it‘s kind of an important part of character development too, so… um, I
wanted to give you guys the opportunity to pick your specializations and I‘m
gonna level you up to level four.
Clint: Whoa!
Griffin: You‘re level two right now, so I‘m gonna jump you up a couple.
You, I mean, you‘ve done a lot of stuff, I‘ve just sort of been slacking on the
character management side of it. So let‘s move through this, like... relatively
quickly. Magnus—
Clint: Yeah, 'cause we‘re known for that.
Justin: Why don‘t you choose one at a time, Griffin, and just like, go
through it with that person.
Griffin: Well, let‘s start, let‘s start with Travis because I know that,
Magnus, you‘ve already picked sort of, a path for Magnus.
Travis: Yeah. And I can go ahead and explain the basic, like, choices.
Griffin: Yeah, explain what it is and then, and then you can—so, because
you leveled up, every time you level up, you get additional hit points, so
you‘ll roll your hit dice and add your constitution modifier to that, and that
gets added to your total hit points, and then you‘ll do that again, 'cause you
get two levels worth. Um, and go ahead and pick your specialization—
Travis: Great.
Griffin: And tell us what it, uh, is.
Travis: So… nine, four—13, and then constitution modifier? Okay, great. So
then that‘s 41.
Griffin: Okay. Jesus! What a tank!
Travis: Yeah. What a tank, folks!
Griffin: Built like a brick shithouse!
Travis: So basically, uh, at least as far as fighter goes, with the
specializations, you have three choices; Champion, Battle Master—
Griffin: Just tell us— just explain the one that you‘re actually picking,
because there is a neat one where you can do magic and shit? But,
something tells me you‘re gonna leave that one.
Travis: Yeah, I choose against that one because we already have two
casters in the party. Um, so I chose Battle Master, which has a lot of cool
stuff that goes along with it, but the main things are one, uh, combat
superiority, which at level three, um, you learn maneuvers, which are
basically taking the place of like the special skills that you got in like,
previous editions. 
Um, and then you learn addit—so you get three of those to start out with,
and then you learn additional ones as you level up. Um, and you use
something called superiority dice to do that. You start with four of those, and
then you gain more, um, at higher levels. Um, and you also get an ability
called Student of War. At third level, you gain proficiency with one type of
artisan tools of your choice.
The idea being, with Battle Master, that you‘re an expert of all different
forms of, like, battle and combat, so like, you‘ve studied outside of just
fighting.
Griffin: So, with these superiority dice, you can spend those in battle to do
these special maneuvers that will allow you to do things like disarm an
enemy or parry or riposte or something like that.
Travis: Yeah, those are the three maneuvers I‘ve chosen, you nailed them.
Griffin: Oh, shit. Cool.
Travis: Um, disarming means I, like, roll to—
Griffin: Yeah I think—I think we can figure the idea. Um, what—what uh,
what special artisan—I‘m curious to hear what trade craft you‘ve picked out.
Travis: Well… it‘s a great question, 'cause I‘d said cook, but now… now I‘m
feeling like, maybe glassblower… uh... maybe calligrapher?
Griffin: So you can make your own—your own paraphernalia?
Travis: Yeah, y‘know, wink wink.
Griffin: For that—for that, good, good Middle Earth grass.
Travis: For that… That Hobbit kush.
Griffin: That kind Hobbit kush.
Travis: Um, so… come back to me on that. But yeah, so, I went with Battle
Master, um, riposte, parry, and disarming attack, and I start with four dice.
It also, um, at level four, you get to add two ability points, um, to either—
Griffin: To any of your six main stats or one and one.
Travis: Yeah. And so I went with, uh, constitution to bump it up to 16, and
wisdom to bump it up to nine, so I no longer have a negative wisdom
modifier.
Griffin: Eight and nine is still negative one.
Travis: Oh. I see.
Griffin: Does that change your decision at all?
Travis: It does.
Griffin: You can put 'em both into wisdom, and that‘ll be zero.
Travis: Yeah, but then—fuck wisdom, like, I‘m not gonna use it. Well,
y‘know what? I‘m gonna put them both into strength, then. And bump me
up to 18.
Griffin: Oh shit. Okay.
Travis: Like if I‘m going for tank, I‘m gonna stick with tank.
Griffin: Okay, so that brings you up to 18, which I think gives you a plus four modifier, so now you get one additional on any strength-based attack or
roll or whatever. Okay, cool. Uh, so Travis is good to go, um… Dad, you
wanna go next?
Clint: Sure.
Griffin: Uh, okay, so… clerics have what are called domains, and that
basically informs, like, special powers that you get as you level up.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: And it also gives you certain spells that you don‘t have to prepare,
you just have them on-hand at any given time. Um, Merle started out as a…
life domain one, which is just—life domain is all about healing and stuff like
that. And that may be what you wanna go with, but there‘s other cool ones
like, uh, tempest, which gives you, like, storm-based powers?
Clint: Right.
Griffin: Um, or light, which lets you blind and burn enemies.
Clint: Well, I was kinda thinking of maybe nature.
Griffin: Interesting! I‘ve never pictured you as the Captain Planet type, but
uh…
Clint: Well, I really wanted something that worked with machines, but I
don‘t see anything there.
Griffin: Okay, um, so what is—what does the nature thing do?
Clint: Well, uh, ―Gods of nature are as varied as the natural world itself. 
Griffin: Are you just reading from the book? 'Cause that‘ll take six years.
Clint: Okay. Um, actually, this, uh… they use this to help, uh, interact with
nature, with plants, and with animals, and, um… Yeah. It‘s more of a plant
and animal—
Griffin: So you‘re going in more like a druidic direction.
Clint: A little bit. A little bit.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Clint: Yep!
Griffin: I expect you to roleplay a little bit earthier then, maybe a little bit
crunchier with your vibe.
Clint: I will be a little bit crunchier. I‘ll, uh, I‘ll add some granola.
Griffin: We‘ll do—we‘ll do a crunchy retcon on Merle Highchurch.
Clint: There we go. So that means I gotta change gods.
Griffin: Oh shit!
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Oh, Marthammor Duin is going to be so hurt when he finds out!
Travis: Especially since he just bought that bible.
Clint: Can I—can that transfer over?
Griffin: Yeah yeah, any—it‘s, it is, uh, agnostic. It can preach the good
word of any god, but it‘s just really good at getting that word out to the teen
population.
Clint: Well, I still wanna stick with reaching out and evangelizing the teen—
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: —but I want to do it for Pan.
Griffin: Pan.
Justin: You know a great way to reach teens, is you go to TeenGoogle.com. And you can really get in touch with teens—
Clint: I‘ll check that out!
Justin: —at TeenGoogle.com. That‘s a URL. Dad, you don‘t know this yet.
That‘s a URL we bought. We own TeenGoogle.com.
Clint: Oh.
Justin: Yeah, so whatever you—if you got a good idea for that, good
moneymaking idea, we bought TeenGoogle.com.
Clint: Cool.
Griffin: Um, okay, so we can figure out you‘re, uh, because you‘re—
because you have the nature domain, you are now proficient with heavy
armor, which means you can wear heavy armor and, um, cast spells still.
In order to cast spells wearing armor, you have to be proficient in that type
of armor, so now you can put on bulky stuff. But I think the life domain also
had that, so you should be good there. Um, and you will get proficiency in
either animal handling, nature, or survival.
Clint: I think animal handling.
Griffin: M‘kay. Just to piss Travis off, or…
Clint: Yeah. Exactly.
Travis: You son of a bitch!
Clint: 'Cause Travis doesn‘t get everything.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: But I do have animal handling.
Griffin: So you can channel divinity, um, which is something you can do I
think twice per day, and you can use that to either turn undead, which is
something every cleric can do, um, which is kind of… uh, self-explanatory. If
undead are near, you cast that and they have to move away from you.
Um, but the nature domain lets you also charm animals and plants using
channel divinity. Yeah, you can make any animal or plant, which is
interesting, friendly to you, um… for like, 30 minutes or something like that.
Or one minute, sorry, one minute. Um, so yeah. That‘s your new stuff. Yeah,
I think the only thing you need to do now is get some extra health, so roll a
d8.
Clint: Five.
Griffin: A five? And what‘s your constitution modifier?
Clint: Plus two.
Griffin: So seven, and then do it again.
Clint: Four and two, that‘s six.
Griffin: So 13, you get 13 extra hit points.
Clint: Cool!
Griffin: Uh, you can assign two stat points. Basically every even number,
you move up to another modifier, so if you have something that‘s an odd
number, you may wanna think about throwing a point into that.
Clint: So constitution is 15.
Griffin: Yeah, so if you added 1 to that, it would move up to plus three.
Clint: Okay, I tell ya, I don‘t like having a negative in anything, so I‘m
gonna throw both of 'em into dexterity.
Griffin: Okay! Yeah, so you‘re gonna—okay, that‘s a good idea because you
use dexterity for a lot of stuff, and having a negative one there is going to
be really bad. So, you have bumped that score up to 10, which changes the
modifier to zero. So now, you no longer have basically a dexterity penalty.
Clint: M‘kay.
Griffin: And I think that‘s it for you.
Clint: All right.
Griffin: And, uh, Taako.
Justin: Yes.
Griffin: Uh, so I think Taako the, like, build that came with the game that
we were using for a while was just an evocation school. So—so wizards
choose different schools of magic, and that does sort of that same thing as
cleric domains. Um, and the one that—the pre-rolled version was the school
of evocation which is basically damaging magic.
Justin: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: But that may not be what you wanna go into. There‘s other stuff
like necromancy, or, um, alteration, or, um… all kinds of different stuff. Have
you thought about what school you wanted to go with?
Justin: Yeah, I‘m gonna be joining the school of transmutation.
Griffin: 'Kay. It‘s not—I don‘t think it‘s an actual school. I don‘t think that
there‘s like a Hogwarts that—
Justin: Some—well, some are, you know? Um, some of the—some of the
schools do have actual, physical schools, uh, connected to them.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: So there!
Justin: A wizard might study at the school of illusion in some towns, and
another wizard studies across town at the school of enchantment. There‘s
sometimes physical schools.
Griffin: And there‘s—they have uh, they have a very contentious football
rivalry, between them.
Justin: Right. They‘re, they‘re uh—last year in the final championship
game, it was two to zero. It was the highest scoring game they‘d ever had.
Griffin: Yeah there was one—
Justin: It was physically, just hugely weak.
Griffin: Yeah, very feeble. Very feeble.
Justin: Feeble. Super feeble people. So yeah, transmutation is sort of the
changing energy in matter from one thing to another thing, basically. Not—
not—y‘know, sort of the magical version of alchemy, I guess. Not to say that
alchemy isn‘t magical, but you know what I mean. Not a chemical thing, but
literally changing something to something else.
Griffin: M‘kay. Um, so what does that allow you to do?
Justin: Well, at my second level, uh, I get copying transmutation spells is—
Griffin: Right. We really haven‘t been—we haven‘t been doing that.
Justin: We‘re not really doing that though, so that ain‘t that great. And I
also, um, can temporari—I get minor alchemy, so I can temporarily alter the
physical properties of one non-magical object, changing it from one
substance to another.
You perform a special alchemic procedure on one object composed entirely
of wood, stone, iron, copper, or silver transforming it into a different one of
those materials. Um, for each 10 minutes you spend performing the
procedure, you can transform up to one cubic feet of material. So, um… not
super-fast acting.
Griffin: Okay. So you can change wood, stone—
Justin: It‘ll last for an hour.
Griffin: —iron, copper, or silver into any one of those other things.
Justin: Yeah, any one of those other things.
Griffin: Okay! Yeah, that could be fun. You could do some fun stuff with
that. And you get some dope shit later on in this tree.
Justin: Yeah, later it gets—it gets live. And then I got some new spells and
stuff that I‘ll—I can either tell you now or I can just…
Griffin: No, if you—what are the… you get four new spells, and two for each
level, right? And I think your spell slots, you should be able to start learning
second level spells. So…
Justin: Yeah, I actually picked up second-level spells at, uh… level three, I
think.
Griffin: So, in layman‘s terms, that just means you and, uh, Merle also
have moved on to, like, another echelon of magic. Second-level spells are 
more powerful than first-level spells. Um, in fact, I accidentally let Merle use
a second-level spell when he shouldn‘t have been able to in the last episode.
Clint: Yeah, I thought that too.
Griffin: Yep, goofed on that! But y‘know what, accidents are gonna happen.
Justin: Uhh… I‘m also going to put two points into my, uh, charisma. Uh…
Griffin: Oh, interesting. Okay.
Justin: To get it from 8 to 10, 'cause it was zero.
Griffin: It was negative one before, now it‘s zero.
Justin: Yes, right.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, yeah, so you‘re—you‘re… I see what you‘re saying.
You‘re doing the same thing, kinda, that Merle did with his dexterity.
Justin: Yeah, yup.
Griffin: Okay. And you also need to roll a d6 and add your constitution
modifier, and then do that again.
Justin: I already did that. I‘m up to, um, I‘m up to 26 overall hit points.
Griffin: Beefy! Beefy boy!
Justin: Fairly beefy boy, I guess.
Griffin: I guess you could say you‘re a beefy boy! Okay, cool! So that‘s
where you guys are at, and now you‘re ready for the next stage of the
adventure. Uh… join us next time on The Adventure Zone, where we don‘t
do precise stat calculations for a half hour, I promise.
Travis: But feel free to tell us if we did something wrong, 'cause I feel like I
did something wrong.
Justin: Don‘t, like—stuff it, I don‘t care.
Clint: Yeah, I don‘t wanna know if I did something wrong.
Justin: It‘s just jokes and jokes and jokes, folks.
Griffin: But it‘s also storytelling, excitement, adventure…
Justin: Keep your fucking feedback to yourself!
Griffin: … romance—well, no, don‘t, 'cause we love it.
Justin: Stuff it in your magical ass.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Ass?
Justin: Yer magic ass.
Griffin: You guys actually—you didn‘t buy the magic ass at Fantasy Costco. It‘s like a bag- it‘s like a bag of holding, but for a ass.

[BAL10]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Director: Congratulations are in order. The three of you are now fully
fledged members of our order. We are happy to have you on as Reclaimers.
We will send you out on missions, and you will do what you did in Phandalin,
ideally without involving the destruction of an entire city and the loss of
thousands of souls.
Magnus: Well… I mean, ideally, yeah. But like…
Justin: Griffin put the capsule game from Shenmue into our game.
Griffin: Well, and also, the capsule game from Kroger. You pop open that
capsule, uh, and inside is an axe.
Leon: It is said that the Railsplitter can, in a single swipe, chop down any
tree.
Griffin: Why don‘t we go to Fantasy Costco, and you can level up while
you're walking around? You get the Extreme Teen Bible and the Scuttle
Buddy.
Merle: And I want a warranty!
Cashier: Uh, the bible doesn‘t need a warranty, sir. It‘s the good book.
Griffin: Alright, let‘s level you guys up.
Travis: Um, so I chose Battle Master.
Clint: I was kind of thinking of maybe nature.
Griffin: Interesting. I never pictured you as the Captain Planet type.
Justin: Yeah, I'm gonna be joining the school of transmutation. Keep your
fucking feedback to yourself.
Griffin: Romance—well, no, don‘t—
Justin: Stuff it in your magical ass.
Announcer: Are you not entertained? And if you are, why don‘t you make
it rain on our ass? It‘s a MaxFunDrive Adventure Zone!
Griffin: The three of you are sound asleep, like sweet little lambs. Uh… in
your… um… we‘ll call it humble. It is a humble dormitory, provided to you by
the Bureau of Balance.
Travis: Have we put up like, girly posters, and like, there‘s maybe like a
lava lamp?
Griffin: No, no posters. The RA comes by every night.
Justin: That guy.
Griffin: And he is a real stickler for posters.
Clint: He is a dick.
Justin: What about the dean? What‘s our relationship with the dean like?
Travis: Good question.
Griffin: Um, you've pranked him a lot, so you're kind of on his shit list.
Clint: We‘re like the Delta House. We‘re on double secret probation.
Travis: I don‘t get it. Is that a reference to something?
Griffin: He makes Animal House references every…
Clint: You're children. You don‘t know.
Griffin: Every episode. Um…
Justin: Welcome to Leonard Maltin‘s house of old movies.
Griffin: Uh, so—
Justin: Leonard Maltin.
Griffin: Your dormitory, your room, uh… it—no windows. Kind of like living
in a submarine.
Travis: Are we in a prison?
Griffin: No, but sometimes it feels like it. It‘s not a prison as much as it is
the ground—the entry level living compartment. That‘s the actual
classification that the Bureau of Balance uses. The intro—
Clint: Co-ed dorm, maybe?
Griffin: Nope. Just—well, if they‘re—not for you specifically. You do have a
roommate. You got a double bunk bed situation. Um, uh, and you have a
roommate. He is a halfling named Robbie, and he‘s kind of shitty. He‘s not a 
great roommate. Um, he uh… he eats all of your snack chips before you
even have a chance to get to them. He loses your DVDs.
Justin: I kind of like his style. 
Griffin: There‘s loose—there‘s loose DVDs from your West Wing, like, full
collection box set just like, laying all over the place.
Justin: Oh, I hate that.
Travis: But he‘s always got the choicest potions.
Griffin: He does have some dank potions, and that‘s kind of like, the only
thing that he has going for him. Um… so, it is, uh… it‘s about three in the
morning. Uh, you all—
Travis: Griffin, I have a serious question for you real quick.
Griffin: Oookay.
Travis: Since we've brought the gauntlet in, are we kind of like… are we
like, big shits? Like, here? Like, do people know who we are? Is it like, ―Oh,
they‘re the first people to actually collect one of these artifacts! 
Justin: He‘s saying, are we a big deal?
Griffin: Um, I would say yeah. You guys are somewhat big shits. You kind
of got a Harry Potter vibe going for ya, right?
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: You're not, y'know… nobody‘s—
Clint: Who‘s Harry Potter?
Travis: Okay. Alright.
Griffin: Okay. He‘s like a, um… he‘s a wizard.
Clint: Oh. Sorry.
Griffin: Nobody‘s like, lifting you up in the hallways and carrying you to
your destination, but you got some respec‘. And that‘s important when
you're on the inside. Again, you're not in prison. I don't know why I said
that. So it‘s about three in the morning. You're all sound asleep. Or at
least, you were, until you were awoken by—
Travis: Robbie masturbating.
Griffin: Robbie just fuckin‘ blastin‘ it. Where are you guys—I should—
Clint: I hope I'm on the lower bunk.
Griffin: Yeah, to set the scene, what is your guys‘ bunk situation?
Clint: Well, I guess I'm the shortest, so I'm probably under… Robbie‘s
bunk.
Griffin: Why would you think just the smaller races have to sleep in one set
of beds, and the taller—
Clint: No, no, just because the big guys would overpower me, and they
would want—
Travis: Whoa, hey.
Clint: They wouldn‘t want to sleep with a halfling.
Griffin: That doesn‘t—no, dwarves are not necessarily less physically
capable.
Clint: I'm talking emotionally. Emotionally.
Griffin: Oh, well then, yes, you are not equipped for confrontation.
Clint: No.
Griffin: Unless it involves, um, y'know, spiritual magicks.
Clint: Or touching my Kenny Chesney CDs.
Griffin: Right?
Travis: Magnus wanted to be on a bottom bunk, but he‘s too passive
aggressive, so he‘s on the top bunk, Taako‘s on the bottom bunk. But he
wants to be on the bottom bunk.
Griffin: So he just picked the top bunk and he just hates it?
Travis: Well, it depends. Taako, where do you want to be? I'll defer to you.
Justin: Am I in character?
Griffin: Yep. We‘re recording the podcast now.
Justin: I mean—no, I mean, are you asking Justin, or are you asking Taako
in character in a conversation you're having with Taako?
Clint: Ask Taako.
Travis: It‘s tough. Uh…
Clint: Which do you want, Taako?
Justin: Who do you want to speak to, Travis?
Travis: I'm terrified to state. I'd rather speak to Justin. I like him better.
Justin: Yeah, I get that. Like, uh, I'll take whatever—I think Taako would
be pretty chill about it. I feel like he‘d probably fall asleep, like, just on
whatever the first bed he touched.
Travis: I think that this is actually how it worked out in character,
in the scene. Just the three of them like, ―No, it‘s fine. Do you want—― And
Robbie going, ―Fuuuck. 
Justin: ―No, please, I insist. I'll say top. Top bunk.
Travis: Okay, Magnus is on the bottom bunk.
Griffin: Okay, you are eye level—
Justin: I can levitate, so it‘s less of a risk for me to be up there. 
Griffin: You're also eye level with Robbie, which you may or may not want,
'cause he gets into some wack shit up on the second story of these
sleeping—
Travis: He‘s got boundary issues.
Griffin: He does. Um, I mean, his boundaries are fine. But he gets into your
boundaries. And just makes a mess of things.
Travis: He‘s all up in your boundaries.
Griffin: It‘s three in the goddamn morning, and the three of you are
woken up by the sound of chimes coming from the intercom. Bing bing bing!
And you hear, uh—
Magnus: Ah!
Griffin: You hear the voice of Davenport say, um…
Davenport: Would the Reclaimers, Highchurch, Burnsides, and Taaco
report to the briefing room? Mm, Davenport!
Travis: I forgot that Taako‘s last name was also Taaco.
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s like Mario Mario. Or Luigi Mario. Um… you are all awoken
with a start. Robbie‘s like…
Robbie: Oh, man, what a bummer! I was just gettin‘ some—those good
Z‘s.
Griffin: And he takes a potion out from under his pillow.
Robbie: I don't know why I keep these under here. They‘re real
uncomfortable.
Griffin: He slams it.
Justin: What soda does it most resemble?
Griffin: I mean, it‘s not in an aluminum can. 
Justin: Right. It‘s a liquid, right?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: He pops the top. Slams it.
Justin: So what liquid… what liquid does it most—what liquid soda does it
most—
Griffin: It‘s actually kind of got like—it‘s kind of like Orbitz. You remember
Orbitz?
Clint: I was gonna say, it looks like that nasty stuff with the gel balls.
Griffin: With the gel balls floating in it.
Travis: That would be Orbitz.
Griffin: He looks, and he‘s like…
Robbie: Caught you eyein‘—hey, caught ya eyein‘ my gel balls. That‘s what
makes it extra crunchyyy.
Griffin: And he winks. Swigs again.
Clint: Hey, can we get the hell away from him as soon as possible?
Justin: Griffin, I want to side bar. I'm a little worried about this episode.
I'm worried that you exhausted yourself so much, coming up with the
fantasy name 'Robbie,‘ that you may not have the creative juice to get us
through the rest of the ep.
Clint: Yeah, we need to be reassured.
Griffin: Well, to actually make up for that, all of the characters in this
entire campaign chapter will be named Robbie, and that‘s gonna be very
confusing for both you guys and the listener.
Travis: Well, but it‘s—I think it‘ll all be based on inflection though, at that
point.
Clint: Rob-bob-bee!
Travis: Rob-ee!
Griffin: Rob-bob-bee!
Travis: Rob-beeeee.
Griffin: Um…
Justin: Me? I'm Rooooobbieee.
Griffin: And I'm a skeleton.
Magnus: Yo, Robbie. Can I get one of them potions before we leave?
Robbie: Um, do you got… what do you need? Like, what‘s your flavor?
What‘s your poison?
Magnus: Give me your crunchiest potion.
Clint: He‘s gonna want something that attracts dogs.
Robbie: I'll give you a sampler, of uh… this is called my hair of the dog
potion. It won't attract dogs as much as it will just get you real fucked up.
Griffin: He says. Hands you a very small sampler vial of uh, of hair of the
dog potion.
Travis: Okay, I slip it in my bag.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uh, Robbie‘s like…
Robbie: Hey, can you—do you think, while you're out… some Pringles?
Maybe?
Magnus: You got it, dude.
Robbie: Come on. Can you take, also—I got a DVD that‘s like, four months
overdue at the Redbox.
Merle: No, uh-uh.
Taako: No, that‘s too much.
Merle: Too much.
Magnus: Pringles, yes. DVD, no.
Merle: And it‘s gonna be the dill pickle Pringles too, you smart ass.
Robbie: Aw, man…
Magnus: Extreme dill?
Griffin: Uh, okay. I'm imagining you guys are going to the briefing room.
It‘s up to you.
Travis: I also imagine we don‘t exactly know where it is.
Justin: Yeah, how are we gettin‘ there?
Clint: Just go to a dome.
Justin: Are there helpful signs?
Griffin: Yeah. There‘s a dome, and then there‘s a sign that says, ―This
dome is the briefing room. 
Travis: And we‘re all still in our PJs.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Footie pajamas here!
Griffin: Uh, the three of you walk into the briefing room in your footies. In
your onesies and your snuggies.
Clint: Mine has a flap in the back.
Griffin: Of course it does. Um, is it half open so you can see a little bit of
butt?
Clint: Yes. The left corner‘s unbuttoned.
Travis: You can see the little tattoo on his bottom.
Justin: You scamp.
Griffin: And what is that tattoo of?
Clint: That‘s actually Kenny Chesney, too. But that‘s the face. I got the face
on my left butt cheek. 
Travis: And what‘s on your right, the body?
Griffin: Yeah, I was gonna ask. Do you have other body parts of Chesney
sort of scattered about your body?
Travis: That‘s the mystery to be unfolded for the rest of the podcast.
Justin: On his other cheek is Tim McGraw, and it‘s like this terrible hydra
with like, Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney‘s face—heads emanating from his
butthole. It‘s a real horror show back there.
Clint: It‘s actually—it just says, ―She thinks my… And then there‘s a tattoo
of a tractor, and apostrophe S, sexy.
Griffin: So kind of a pictogram on your ass.
Clint: It is, yeah.
Justin: A full rebus.
Griffin: Kind of a country music rebus.
Clint: Actually, it‘s Rebus McEntire.
Travis: A Rebus McEntire. Whoaaa!
Griffin: Oh, right. So…
Clint: Thank you, I'll be here all week.
Justin: I hope not.
Griffin: You are, uh… in the briefing chamber with the uh, director. She is
reading a large roll of parchment that actually kind of looks like the
parchment that you saw the monk carrying when you first encountered the,
uh, Void Fish that had all of Magic Brian‘s information on it.
Uh, and uh, she‘s sitting over a large map, showing the lands of the earth
world below. And she‘s reading this parchment, and she‘s very frustrated,
and she places it down on the chamber and says, uh…
Director: What… are you wearing? What is—what are you wearing?
Magnus: What are you wearing?
Director: I'm wearing my full business regalia.
Magnus: Cool.
Merle: You got ink underneath that thing?
Director: And the three of you look like little Nemos. Merle, I can see three
quarters to four fifths of your entire butt.
Merle: I'm sorry, I'm cheating you of one fraction.
Director: You look like Jeffy from Family Circus.
Taako: This is my uh, sleepy sack. I get night terrors.
Merle: I guess Mr. Wrong told me not to.
Director: The three of you will need to—
Taako: Somebody unzip me!
Director: The three of you are going to need to suit up into your business
regalia, because I have a job for you that I need you on right now.
Magnus: Well, give me like 45 minutes.
Director: You don‘t have 45 minutes. At most, I can give you four.
Magnus: Okay.
Travis: Magnus starts changing.
Merle: Three of that‘s gonna be hair product.
Griffin: Uh, she says…
Director: Mere hours ago, one of our Reclaimers, uh, a brave soldier
named Leeman Kessler, was… murdered in the city of Rockport.
Magnus: Aw, bummer!
Director: And his murder came at a most inopportune time, because he
managed to locate—
Justin: Griffin, is Leeman Kessler a listener?
Griffin: Uh-huh.
Justin: So somebody listening at home was just like, ―Hey—aww. 
Travis: ―Aww. 
Magnus: Also, I would ask, when would a murder come at an opportune
time?
Director: His murder came a most inopportune time because he had just
managed to locate and retrieve one of the Grand Relics.
Travis: ―His murder came at an opportune time. He‘d done everything he
wanted to with his life, and couldn‘t think of anything else. 
Griffin: ―He was surrounded by family. 
Justin: ―They watched solemnly as an assassin came in and buried a knife
in his heart. But it was what he would‘ve wanted. 
Travis: ―And everyone agreed, it was the right time for that to happen. 
Director: Last night, we received a missive telling of his success. But
before we could extract him, a thick fog set in over Rockport, which
prevented us from sending a sphere to collect him and the Relic. However,
there is a commuter train that operates out of Rockport, that runs from
Rockport through the… uh, the Teeth, the mountain range that separates the
continent below, and ends in Neverwinter, where we could more safely and
discreetly extract him.
He managed to secure passage on this train, loaded his cargo onto the train,
but before it could depart, he was murdered. Uh, which is leaving us in quite
a sticky situation.
Merle: Hmmm.
Magnus: Do we know anything about the murderer, or how it actually, like,
went down?
Director: We know nothing. We haven‘t been able to get into contact with
the authorities, and even if we could, there‘s not much information we could
tell them. It could—it could lead to, uh, I don‘t know. It could lead to a… a
very difficult situation for us. We can‘t explain what he was doing there, why 
he was murdered… we don‘t even know why he was murdered, because,
ostensibly, nobody would know about the Grand Relic unless they were in
the, the, Bureau of Balance. There‘s a lot—we have a lot of unknowns.
Taako: Do we know the status of the Relic right now?
Director: It‘s on the train, as far as we know. Um, and that is where the
three of you come in. We will need one of you. It‘s up to you to decide
whom.
Taako: Dibs!
Director: Uh… okay. That was… we will need one of you to impersonate
Leeman.
Taako: Double dibs.
Director: Leeman Kessler. I have secured two other tickets on the train, so
all three of you can board, but one of you will need to be Leeman Kessler.
You will need to retrieve the Relic, and get it back to us, any way that you
can.
Magnus: What can you tell us about—
Merle: What did Leeman look like?
Taako: Yeah, what race was he?
Director: Uh, Leeman was a half-elf man, and uh… but—but he—there‘s no
guarantee that the operators of the Rockport Limited even know what he
looked like. He could‘ve secured his ticket in advance, so it‘s up to you. Any
one of you can be Leeman. Whoever has the, I guess, the most panache,
the most flair for the dramatic.
Magnus: The highest performance skill.
Director: Whatever it takes. We‘ll need you to… we‘ll need you to make
believe. Make pretend. Like a couple of actors. Or just one actor.
Taako: I'm actually negative one there, so I'm gonna dip-a-rooski.
Merle: What will the other two be doing?
Director: Uh, the other two will be ensuring that the new Leeman Kessler,
the fresh-off-the-block Leeman Kessler, isn‘t murdered. Because obviously,
someone‘s going around, murdering Leeman Kesslers. Uh, this will be also a
security job.
Magnus: I got a—I got a plus one.
Director: You don‘t have to figure it out right now.
Taako: Who are you bringing—who are you bringing with you?
Merle: Well, if I need a body—if somebody needs a body guard, I say I'll be
Leeman, and that way, our best fighter is able to protect me, and our best
magician is able to protect me.
Taako: Oh, I'm flattered.
Magnus: As opposed to all of our other magicians.
Taako: Well, let‘s—listen, that‘s semantics.
Magnus: Uh, what can you tell us about the artifact?
Director: Uh, we don‘t know. We can't sort—we know that it—
Magnus: What the shit.
Director: Well, we know he collected an artifact, but if that missive had
been intercepted in the air, that information, that incredibly valuable and
dangerous information, could have fallen into enemy hands. So, we
purposefully keep it vague.
Magnus: Well, great.
Merle: Let‘s do it.
Taako: Are you gonna fire us out of the cannon?
Director: We absolutely are going to fire you out of a cannon.
Merle: Yaaay!
Taako: Yaaay!
Magnus: Yaaay! One more question before we go – how do the gauntlets
work?
Director: The what now?
Magnus: The gauntlets? The bracers?
Merle: Our bracers.
Director: Oh, you just…
Taako: The bracers.
Director: Point and click, baby. Windows 98.
Magnus: Okay, cool. Where‘s Killian? Is she gonna come with? I'd feel
better if she were there.
Director: Killian… Killian is a Regulator. She cannot go with you on a
Reclaiming mission.
Magnus: Well, can we signal for her if we get in trouble?
Director: You—the only way you will signal for her is if you find the artifact
and use it.
Taako: And keep it. Right?
Director: And then, she will—that signal, yes, will sound off, and then she
will come, but not for hang time. She will kill all of you.
Merle: You were gettin‘ a little obvious there, Maggie.
Magnus: What? Listen, she‘s a fan favorite! I'm trying to reintroduce her to
the story!
Director: Yeah, I guess let‘s get Johann and Klarg in the mix too, huh? As
long as we‘re pandering.
Magnus: Yeah, I want to keep—I want to keep the people.
Merle: Can we bring Billy Bluejeans back?
Director: Barry Bluejeans—
Magnus: It was Barry Bluejeans. His brother, Billy Bluejeans, is in
Neverwinter.
Merle: Oh, we met Billy, too.
Taako: How quickly you forget, huh? Barry must've made a real impact on
you.
Clint: Alright, let‘s go change clothes.
Travis: Magnus has already changed.
Griffin: Uh, how did you already change?
Travis: I started changing when you started telling your story about
murdering somebody or something.
Griffin: You got your dick out and your whole naked body out while she
was talking to you?
Travis: Yeah.
Taako: Grody.
Travis: But nobody noticed!
Griffin: You need to tell me these things—you need to tell me these things
while they are happening in real time—
Travis: I literally said ―Magnus starts changing! 
Griffin: Oh, okay. Well… that was a successful—
Clint: We thought you meant change of life.
Griffin: Yeah, I thought you were pupating.
Travis: Magnus starts changing his opinions about politics.
Griffin: Okay, you run back to your uh, your dormitory. Robbie‘s there and
is like…
Robbie: What‘s up? You all goin‘ on a secret mission? Ha ha haaaaah!
Merle: Hey, do you have any disguise potions?
Robbie: Nope.
Taako: Oh, that‘s a good question.
Robbie: No, but I‘ve got a Rusted Root CD.
Magnus: I‘ll take it.
Taako: 'Kay.
Merle: Perfect.
Robbie: Um… let me see, disguise potion…
Taako: Iii‘m gonna be sent on my way… on this adventure.
Robbie: No, my potions aren‘t necessarily, um…
Merle: Useful.
Robbie: No. Yeah, they, yeah, they‘re not utilitarian in nature. I mean,
unless the utility you want is to get… real fucked up.
Griffin: He says.
Merle: I‘ll take one.
Robbie: Well, okay, I can‘t just keep giving you guys these—
Merle: I‘ll bring you back a Rusted Root CD.
Robbie: If you guys actually bring me back a rusted root, I can throw it in
a mortar and pestle and whip up a kind of potion that has never been
invented yet.
Merle: Alright. We‘ll do it.
Griffin: Um, okay. The three of you report to the hangar. It‘s a… there‘s not
a lot of people out, walking around the campus, obviously. Most people are
sleeping. Uh, not everybody‘s been assigned a secret, three AM mission. At
the hangar, there‘s, uh—
Travis: So you're saying like, the line at security is pretty light?
Griffin: Yeah, you make it through TSA like, pretty quickly. Um…
Travis: We stop—we stop at the—at the Hudson News.
Griffin: Magnus, actually, the TSA wants to know about the super fuck up—
the hair of the dog potion that you have. 'Cause it‘s over two ounces.
Clint: Oh. Drink it.
Griffin: You're gonna have to slam that right now, they say.
Travis: Nooo!
Griffin: Yep, sorry. You can either slam it right now or throw it away.
Travis: But I don‘t want to be fucked up in the cannon.
Justin: Slam iiit. Fuck up.
Clint: It may be better that way.
Travis: Okay, Magnus slams it.
Griffin: Okay, you immediately—
Justin: Aw, gross, we just had to talk Magnus into something.
Griffin: Uh, you immediately, uh, forget like, how to speak well.
Uh, you're—you are uh, you will suffer a penalty to any wisdom checks
until—we‘ll say disadvantage to any wisdom checks until this thing wears off.
But you're real chill. You're super, duper chill. And you're real happy about
it.
Justin: Uh, Ditto, is this the first night that we are there? Like—
Griffin: No, sorry, I should have—yeah, I should have set up the timeline.
It‘s been about—it‘s been about uh, three weeks since you‘ve been there.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Things have been pretty quiet, there just hasn‘t been a lot of new
intel coming in, and this is the first mission that you guys have really been
assigned.
Justin: Have we done any sort of, like, learning, like, in the three weeks
we‘ve been here? Have we learned anything about the Relics or the nature
of this organization, or anything that we‘ve picked up of use?
Griffin: That‘s actually a good question. So, yeah, what you‘ve learned…
you‘ve learned a little bit about the Relics. The… there‘s not a whole lot that
is, like, concrete information about the Relics, because, uh… it just, by
nature of the fact that they were never in the possession of one entity for
long enough for that information to be, y‘know, especially trustworthy?
Maybe there were a lot of misinformation campaigns spread during the
conflict when people were trying to hunt these down to get people off of the 
scent. So there‘s not a lot that you know for sure. Well, one thing that you
do know is that each of the seven Relics, uh, belongs to a different school of
magic.
So the uh, the gauntlet that you found, which can summon huge bouts of
flame, and y‘know, was mainly based around destruction was from the
Evocation school of magic. So that one was dealt with. You don‘t have to
deal with that one. But yeah, each of the Relics belongs to a different school
of magic, so there‘s—
Justin: Alteration.
Griffin: Alteration—
Justin: Illusion.
Griffin: Illusion, Necromancy, uh…
Travis: Accounting.
Griffin: Accounting. Um… Hufflepuff. So like, there‘s a lot.
Justin: Heat and air repair.
Griffin: Uh-huh. Um… so yeah, there‘s um…
Justin: Medical database entry.
Travis: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 
Justin: I can think of a couple others. Give me some time.
Clint: That‘s actually at Bureau of Balance Tech.
Griffin: Yeah, at the Technical—
Justin: That‘s a two year Bureau of Balance.
Griffin: Bureau of Balance community college technical institute. Yeah. Uh,
yeah, that‘s about all the information you've gained. It‘s been kind of boring.
You just haven‘t had like, a lot to do. You've done some training, keeping
your bodies right. But…
Justin: Gain any levels or anything?
Griffin: No, I gave you two levels in the last episode. Don‘t get greedy.
Travis: We gained six levels. We‘re now level ten.
Griffin: We can't spend more of an entire episode just leveling you guys up,
so…
Justin: It was a smash hit, though.
Travis: People loved—people love leveling up.
Griffin: Yeah, people love mechanics. Uh, there‘s only one guard standing
watch at the hangar. The night shift. The graveyard shift. Uh, and it‘s your
old pal, Avi, who uh, gave you the brandy when you first arrived here.
Justin: Aviii!
Griffin: Aviii. And he‘s like…
Avi: Hey guys, what‘s up?
Magnus: Avi, I'm real fucked up.
Avi: Oh, dang. What… what happened to this guy?
Merle: Oh, hair of the dog that bit him.
Avi: You‘re not really supposed to, like, get on one of these if you‘re… I
mean, I won‘t tell.
Magnus: I‘ll be fiiine!
Avi: Okay… You kinda sound like, uh, some kind of wolf-man.
Magnus: It‘s totally cooool, duuude.
Avi: Why are you—why is it whisper time now?
Magnus: Shhhhh… Shhh… Shh.
Avi: Okay, uh… do you guys—
Magnus: Avi… Avi… Avi…
Avi: Yeah?
Magnus: Avi… You‘re great.
Avi: Thank you! Yes, thank you. 
Merle: You‘re his best friend!
Avi: I think you guys are pretty—
Magnus: I think you‘re… a cool duuude.
Avi: Yeahhh.
Magnus: Avi!
Avi: Yeah?
Magnus: Do you want to go on a mission?
Avi: I can't. I'm not… I can't. It‘s my job to—
Magnus: Okay, we‘ll meet you down there.
Avi: I can't—well, I won't be able to…
Magnus: Avi! Be cool for two seconds!
Avi: I think I'm being pretty cool.
Magnus: Just—Avi!!
Avi: Yeah?
Magnus: Shh, shh, shh, shh. Be cool for two seconds.
Avi: Okay.
Magnus: We‘ll see you down there. 
Avi: I… won't—
Magnus: Don‘t—shh! Avi! It‘s a secret mission! Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh,
shh, shh. We‘ll see you down there. Wink! Wiiink. You're a cool dude.
Justin: Sorry, for clarification – did he just wink, or say 'wink‘ out loud?
Travis: Both.
Griffin: Uh…
Merle: He‘ll be okay. We got him. We got him.
Avi: It seems like you're having a great time. I would wink back, but I
can't. Never learned how. Um… no, I—
Taako: Do you have any of that brandy we could take with us, though?
Avi: No, it‘s like… it‘s like three in the morning. I'm gonna actually cut you
guys off.
Magnus: You're cut off!!
Taako: Last call already, eh?
Avi: I… I don‘t—you don‘t have to go home, but you can't stay here,
because I'm about to fire you out of a cannon. Have you guys used one of these before? Is this your first time getting,
uh… gettin‘ shot? Gettin' blasted?
Merle: Well, obviously we‘ve been blasted before.
Avi: Yeah. Clearly.
Taako: But no cannons, homie.
Merle: No cannons.
Avi: Um, okay, well, it‘s pretty easy, guys. Just uh, pop in.
Travis: Magnus gets in.
Griffin: He taps on the sphere to open the door. Somehow, Magnus got in
before the door was open. Uh, it‘s the same type of sphere that you guys came in to the
Bureau of Balance on. Um… uh, it is a Volkswagen-sized glass ball with uh,
heavy brass fittings all around.
Travis: Are we talking like Jetta, Beetle… like a van? What kind of
Volkswagen?
Griffin: Like a Golf. Volkswagen Golf. Um…
Travis: Okay, thank you.
Griffin: And uh, yeah, taps on it, same sort of situation. Four chairs with
straps for you to lock in on. And uhh… yep!
Travis: Magnus sits down and immediately falls asleep.
Clint: I get the extra chair!
Griffin: You get the extra chair? You‘re gonna like, recline one and lean
back?
Clint: Nah, let‘s let him lay down in two chairs.
Griffin: Okay. He actually, uh—Avi says, uh…
Avi: Ooh, careful man. If you do that, you‘ll definitely die.
Magnus: Shhh. Shh shh shh shh shh.
Merle: That‘s okay, let him.
Avi: Well… Okay, it‘ll be kind of a weird way for his character to be, uh,
written out of the story, but…
Merle: I‘ll buckle him in on both seats.
Taako: Why is this a thing? Can we just get in the fucking cannon or what?
Put him in a seat and—
Magnus: Avi, be cool!
Merle: Taako wants action!
Taako: I want out! Of this place!
Griffin: Okay. So there is one seat that is something of the, uh… captain‘s
seat, which somebody will need to be in charge of. There‘s no—
Magnus: I got it!
Merle: No! No, man. Don‘t drink and drive. Don‘t drink potions and drive.
Griffin: Who wants to be in charge of, uh, the landing of this—
Merle: Taako!
Taako: Mmm…
Merle: Get up there, big boy!
Taako: Well, I mean, okay. My intelligence and dexterity are both pretty
good. I guess it—I guess it makes sense. I‘ll, uh, I‘ll take the reins!
Griffin: Okay. Avi says, uh…
Avi: Well, there‘s not really reins to speak of. You‘re gonna wanna sit in this
um, this front left chair, and uh, there‘s a handle that you‘re gonna feel. You
feel it, on the left side?
Taako: Yeah, right there.
Merle: He‘s feeling his handle.
Griffin: Dad!
Clint: What?
Taako: Yuck-o, moving on.
Travis: I get it!
Taako: I‘ve got the—I‘ve got the totally non-sexual handle. What‘s next?
Griffin: He says, uh…
Avi: Before— this is super important.
Taako: Mm-hmm?
Avi: Before… this thing hits the ground…
Clint: And then the door shuts.
Griffin: Okay, the door shuts.
Avi: Before it hits the ground you gotta pull the
handle! Pull the totally non-sexual handle right before it hits the ground! Or
else you‘ll go bang. Okay bye!
Taako: Got it!
Merle: Who was that?
Taako: Probably Avi.
Merle: Okay, kick it! Floor it!
Griffin: Uh, as soon as the door shuts, a uh, large tube pops out—uh,
slowly ascends from the ground.
Magnus: Hee hee hee hee hee!
Clint: Hey! How come Travis can get away with it?
Griffin: Uh, the sphere—
Travis: That was in character, Dad!
Griffin: The three of you are loaded on on top of the uh, the departure
gate. Rolls forward into the tube, and a hatch behind you slams shut. Uh—
Travis: And then we sit in the tube for 30 minutes while they check
something on the sphere.
Griffin: Yeah, they de-ice the tube. Uh, for a long time. It‘s completely
pitch black. There‘s—there‘s no light whatsoever. Um, until, uh, you feel
this—this tube that you are in start to—
Travis: 
Griffin: --descend. Why—what is it about the word 'tube‘, Travis? Because
it doesn‘t even seem like, remotely like—
Travis: It‘s a funny word!
Griffin: Like fallopian tubes? Is that what you're having a rofl about?
Travis: No, it‘s just a funny word, Griffin.
Griffin: Uh, descends. You feel it descend. And then you see a small, uh,
like, uh, pinpoint of light in front of you.
Travis: Like an aperture? 
Griffin: And you hear a voice say, uh…
Voice: Please put your head flush with the back of the chair, so you don‘t
break… any of your neck bones. I'm the flight… safety… person, and good
luck.
Travis: This is a prerecorded message, and the best take we could
get.
Clint: I heard him say flush.
Voice: Departure in three… two… one…
Justin: What?
Voice: Oh, sorry, did you—sorry. The audio quality‘s not great, 'cause it‘s
like, fantasy. But um, I said, depar—
Merle: I want a large fries…
Voice: Nope. It‘s not—three two one byeee!
Griffin: Uh, and the three of you are flung forward at, uh, a velocity that
you previously may have considered unsurvivable.
Travis: Magnus‘ neck breaks and he dies.
Griffin: Um… Magnus, are you actually laying between two chairs, or are
you—
Travis: No, I'm sitting up like a big boy.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uh, that‘s—yes. Uh, and this is—this experience is especially
exhilarating for you. It‘s basically the ending of 2001: A Space Odyssey,
because you guys are basically flying. But you're actually just falling very,
very quickly in a very specific direction.
Travis: Would you say this is a sobering experience?
Griffin: Uh, yeah, I would say so. If only you could open up a window and
get some fresh air on your face. Uh, yeah, I would say that the effects of
this potion, while potent, are not especially long-lasting. It‘s basically salvia.
The salvia of, uh…
Travis: Got it.
Griffin: Of potions. Dad, salvia was a legal drug that you were allowed to
take for a long time that would make you basically teleport. But for like, 15
minutes. I read about it in Rolling Stone.
Clint: I was gonna say, yeah, this is you telling my character, not telling
your father.
Griffin: No, yeah, and again, I'm saying… I read about it in Rolling Stone.
Clint: Sure.
Justin: Even 'drug‘ is a stretch. It was from the earth.
Griffin: Yeah. It was a—
Travis: It was like a blueberry. Or a potato.
Griffin: It was a kind—a kind, kind bud.
Clint: But you three all have this knowledge from your reading.
Griffin: From the Rolling Stone.
Travis: From Rolling Stone. Yes.
Clint: From Rolling Stone.
Justin: Like Travis said, it‘s like a blueberry, or like a heroin plant. Hey folks, just want to step in here—
Travis: We‘ve been in the rest of the episode, Justin.
Justin: I know, I know, but like, this is Justin.
Travis: Sorry to interrupt. This is Travis, out of character.
Justin: I want to step out of my character, Justin.
Griffin: You may know me from my work in the podcast you just listened
to.
Travis: We just cut to Justin in the podcast dressing room, a towel
around his neck. ―Oh, hello. Didn‘t see you come in there. 
Justin: Tough morning of podcasting. When I'm ready to unwind after a long morning of podcasting—
Travis: I have an Orbitz.
Justin: I have an Orbits gum, and also soda. An Orbitz—no.
Travis: And I buy plane tickets.
Justin: Why do we have an episode this week? That‘s a fine question. Well,
it‘s uhh… it‘s MaxFunDrive time. What‘s the MaxFunDrive? Well, Maximum
Fun is a podcast network that we‘re a part of, along with other shows that
we do like My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Sawbones, Bunker Buddies, and
there‘s a ton of other podcasts on the network that people love, like Jordan,
Jesse, Go!, and Stop Podcasting Yourself, and Lady to Lady, Oh No Ross and
Carrie… so many others.
Um, and this podcast network is funded by people like you who love our
shows. So, every year, once a year, we come to you, hat in hand, and say,
hey, if you've enjoyed the uh, the podcasting that you've heard from us over
the past year, we would really appreciate a monthly donation to our
organization, and to the shows you listen to specifically. Because once you
sign up to pledge a monthly gift, you'll say what shows you want your
money to go to, and uh, it‘s actually split between the network and those
specific shows. So you are directly supporting the shows that, uh, you love
on Maximum Fun.
Griffin: So, I would imagine that we have like, a lot of listeners who,
maybe this was the first show on Maximum Fun that they got down on. Um,
we‘re tapping into that… that uh, rich vein of D&D podcast listeners.
Justin: Sure.
Griffin: Can you explain, like, what we have used that money for, other
than just bundles and bundles of salvia?
Justin: Well, we've used it to purchase the equipment that makes, uh, this
show possible. We purchased some new microphones so Dad and I can uh,
record here. We've helped to set up live shows and stuff like that across the 
country. We pay our hosting fees. We pay for the art that uh, that this
podcast, y'know, the podcast art for this podcast. All kinds of stuff like that.
It goes to—goes to help support the show, and help make the show what it
is.
Griffin: And also—
Travis: It also—it also goes to the network, so the network can continue to
grow and add new shows like Adventure Zone and Bunker Buddies.
Griffin: Straight up, bar none, no holds barred, The Adventure Zone like,
just wouldn‘t exist. If it was not for the donations that we have uh, gotten,
'cause we've been a part of the network now for like, what, five years? I
don't know.
Justin: Four.
Griffin: So yeah, stuff like The Adventure Zone, and Bunker Buddies, and
Sawbones. All the shows that we've, y'know, expanded and added just
wouldn‘t be possible without the support that you guys have given us.
Travis: And here‘s the thing – you can become a Max Fun donor for just
five dollars a month.
Clint: Whaaat?
Travis: I know. As low as five dollars a month. And for five dollars a month,
here‘s the thing – not only do you get the wonderful feeling of knowing
you're supporting an awesome network, you also actually get shit. Which is
pretty cool.
Justin: And Dad, uh, Dad… I want my daddy to tell me what I get for gifts.
Clint: Ohh.
Griffin: Come on, radio professional.
Justin: Come on, radio professional.
Clint: Alright, for five bucks a month, you get an exclusive bonus content.
You get exclusive bonus content you can't get any other way.
Justin: There‘s tons. Like, there‘s literally years of material. I think I like,
added it up, and it‘s literally like, days‘ worth of stuff to listen to that goes
back for years.
Griffin: Including… including…
Justin: Including…
Griffin: A bonus Adventure Zone episode. We know that you get—you get
uh, lonely in those weeks off. Not during MaxFunDrive, because we‘re doin‘
two—two consecutive weeks of episodes. Which don‘t get used to, because
it‘s still killing us to make that. Uh, but, if you want even more, we have a
45 minute long prequel to The Adventure Zone that tells the story of how
Merle, Taako, and Magnus met and became adventuring buddies, and it‘s
really great, and some of my favorite characters I've ever devised are in it,
and now I'm never gonna get to use them again. Uh, but if you want to be—if you want to hear that, it‘s—uh, you
gotta—you gotta become a monthly Maximum Fun donor member.
Justin: Dad, what about ten dollars a month?
Clint: Yeah, if you want more, ten dollars, you get the Drive exclusive tohtay bag. That‘s French for tote bag.
Justin: Yep. Now, do I still get the bonus content?
Clint: Oh, yeah! That‘s the beauty of it!
Justin: You really took a shot in the dark there.
Clint: I really had no idea.
Travis: You got it in one.
Clint: Well, it‘s— I have a lot of knowledge. I am, y'know, I'm new
at this.
Griffin: Daddy? Hey, Daddy?
Clint: Yes, son?
Griffin: You have been a—I don't know how much our listeners know about
you and your style.
Travis: About you, the mysterious Clint McElroy.
Griffin: Because they know about us, right? If they‘ve been listening to My
Brother, My Brother, and Me, they know our deepest, darkest secrets. They
know every angle of us. They may not know, you have been working in radio
for 60 years?
Clint: 40 years?
Griffin: Is it really 40 goddamn years?
Travis: Man, you're old as shit.
Clint: It‘s 40 goddamn years. Trust me.
Griffin: Um, and have you ever done a pledge drive before?
Clint: No. I have participated in bonus episodes here. But I've never—I've
never been the person that made the plea.
Justin: Haven't you done like a PBS—
Griffin: I'm talking about—
Clint: I've done PBS. Actually, I did do a PBS fundraiser with uh, with uh,
the—John Pertwee. Doctor Who number three.
Griffin: Ooh. So you should be—
Clint: Yeah, I wore my—I wore a Doctor Who number four scarf, and he
made great fun of me.
Travis: As well he should.
Griffin: I can't imagine why. So you should be like, super dope at this, and
you should really bring in the big bucks.
Clint: Well, let me see how I do with this one.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: $20 per month, you get the in-flight power pack! I'm talkin‘ the
mobile device charger, the collapsible water bottle, antibacterial wipes… you
get the pilot wings, too!
Justin: Those all have the Maximum Fun rocket ship logo on them, right?
Clint: Yeah, they do. And maybe you're wondering, do you still get the
exclusive bonus content? Do you still get the exclusive tote bag? I don't
know!
Griffin: Yes, you do. 
Travis: You do. You do.
Clint: Yes!
Travis: Confirmed.
Clint: You do! Now, let‘s say you want $35 a month to go to us. How about
a pair of rocket-engraved shot glasses? In case you're a two-fisted drinker,
you can just wham 'em back, wham ‘em back, and get all the other stuff.
Justin: We are not responsible for anything that happens to you after
whamming them back.
Clint: $100 per month membership in… the inner circle!
Justin: Now, Dad, what‘s that?
Clint: That is where we sacrifice animals on an altar of blood!
Griffin: The altar‘s made of blood? How does that even work? Is it frozen?
Clint: It‘s very—you add a lot of like, gel to it.
Griffin: Frozen blood ice altar!
Travis: Congealed—it‘s like a Jell-O mold of blood.
Justin: Let me step in here before we make any more goofs.
MaximumFun.org/Donate is the place to go do this. You're certainly already,
uh, feverishly Googling to figure out how you give us money. Uh,
MaximumFun.org/Donate. The inner circle is a secret club where Maximum
Fun hosts, every month, will send you… one of the hosts of Maximum Fun
will send you something special. Something that they love that‘s important 
to them. And if you're part of the inner circle, you're gonna get that gift in
the mail every month.
Griffin: True or false – did we not send people a digital copy of the movie,
Meet the Deedles? Or did we try to?
Justin: No. Incorrect. We tried to do that. That was unavailable. We sent
them—
Griffin: That one‘s locked away soundly in the Disney vault.
Justin: We sent… We sent them the Buckshot LeFonque CD.
Griffin: Oh yeah!
Justin: Bradford Marsalis. Jazz pop funk rap, uh, experimentation of
Buckshot LeFonque.
Travis: Now, say I want to go—I want to go all out. Big money, cash
money, $200 per month.
Clint: Nope, can't do it. Not possible.
Justin: It can't be done.
Clint: It can't be done.
Travis: Wait, we‘re hearing from our boss upstairs that, for a limited time,
you can do $200.
Clint: God? God is talking to us.
Travis: Oh god!
Griffin: Get that money, son!
Clint: How about free registration for MaxFunCon 2016?
Justin: Paper chase, homies!
Griffin: $200 a month, you get everything that we've described so far, and
registration for MaxFunCon 2016. MaxFunCon is wonderful, by the way.
Justin: Yeah. If you're already a donor to the network, uh, you can still get
these gifts. You just need to step up your pledge drive amount. If you're at
20 bucks right now, go to 35. You get the whole kit and caboodle. You're at
$10? Go to 20, do a little bit more.
Have you started listening to new shows over the past year? You've started
listening to Adventure Zone, or uh, some of the other shows on the
Maximum Fun network? Please, uh, we just—we can only do this because
you support it. So don‘t wait. Go right now while you're thinking about it. Go
to MaximumFun.org/Donate. I want to someday make enough money that
we can do this every week.
Clint: We‘re lookin‘ for a cure.
Justin: We‘re looking for a cure.
Travis: Let me say this—
Justin: For podcast fever.
Travis: If you're already a donor, and like, you're giving at the level that,
y'know, that you can comfortably do, but maybe because of new shows like
Adventure Zone, you've shared 'em with other people. Like, you have friends
that you know have become fans of Max Fun, because you said, ―Hey, listen
to this show. I know you like Dungeons & Dragons. This is really funny. 
Now they started listening. Encourage them. Say like, ―Hey, are you a
donor? This is the time to give. You're gonna get extra stuff. Y'know, start
'em at five or ten.
Griffin: And if you're not a donor, keep in mind that every new donor we
get, we have challenge donors that are kicking in a set amount for every
new donor that we get, and there‘s a lot of challenge donors. So even if you
kick in at the five dollars a month level, we are going to get like, a pretty big
donation, just because you joined up from all the challenge donors. So keep
that in mind, too. It‘s basically doubling up on your donation.
Justin: If you can't donate, I understand that sometimes, times are really
tight. You can't kick in that five dollars a month. We totally understand. If
you would, though, if you can't do that, please help us spread the word
about the drive. You can use the MaxFunDrive hash tag, and use that link,
MaximumFun.org/Donate. Just help us get the word out about the drive
going on, and help bully other people into donating.
Justin: Peer pressure is huge.
Travis: And let me say, this is also a chance for us to say, thank you so
much. Whenever you start a new show like Adventure Zone, you start a new
thing, it‘s always kind of like, ―Man, I really hope people like this, 'cause we
like doing it. 
Griffin: I literally thought ten people were gonna listen to it. Just…
Travis: And—and you guys have been so amazing. It‘s really wonderful to
launch a new show and get such a response to it right away. So whether you
donate or not, just thank you very much for listening. Thank you for
enjoying our show and other shows like this on MaximumFun.org. You guys
are really, really wonderful. Thank you so much.
Clint: That was really sincere.
Griffin: Yep. That‘s how we do it. Uh, should we get back to the adventure?
Travis: Let‘s get back to the show.
Justin: MaximumFun.org/Donate. MaximumFun.org/Donate!
Travis: Oh, if you donate, tweet at us so we can thank you!
Griffin: Yes!
Justin: Oh yes! Yes!
Griffin: The three of you aren‘t falling, so much as you are… you weren‘t
shot out of this cannon straight down. Um, rather, you were shot at kind of
a… a steep angle. You‘re almost going forwards more than you‘re going
down. Um, and it‘s kind of beautiful.
The sun is rising over the Teeth, uh, which is a towering mountain range
that runs over a long isthmus. I am incapable of saying that word. Is isth… is
isthmus the one that‘s like a strip of land connecting two bigger pieces of
land?
Clint: Yes.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Like the Isthmus of Panama.
Griffin: Right.
Travis: You can say Christmas. Why is this hard?
Justin: Or ―land bridge. 
Griffin: It‘s the ongoing war on Isthmus. You‘re flying over the
Teeth. It‘s beautiful. It‘s, uh… it is the scariest imaginable way to travel, but
it is not, uh, without its benefits, because you get a full 360 degree
panoramic view of the, uh, of the world around you.
And so, you‘re flying over the… over the Teeth, when you reach the end of
the range, when you finally start to descend. Um, again, it‘s just so
beautiful. You are flying over a flock pegasuses. Pegasii.
Clint: Aww.
Griffin: And you‘re actually getting really close to them as you‘re
descending, and you're just—
Justin: I pull the handle.
Griffin: You‘re just going so fast.
Justin: I pull the handle.
Griffin: Uh, you pull the handle.
Justin: That was intoxicating, though. For a second, I was just, like, staring
at it like, ―Let‘s just let it end. 
Griffin: Okay, you pull the handle. You‘re still about, um…
Justin: Got a good nine episodes.
Griffin: You‘re still about, uhh…
Travis: It‘s been a good run. We all hold hands.
Griffin: You‘re still about a mile off the ground. Um, and you pull the handle
right, actually, right before you were about to collide with this flock of, uh, of
pegasii.
Clint: Seagulls.
Griffin: Uh, no, pegasuses. And uh, you pull the handle, and your, uh,
sphere is encased in a silvery light, and your descent starts to slow down,
uh, right, actually, as you get into this flock of pegasii. Uh, you haven‘t, uh…
you didn‘t obliterate any of them with your trajectory.
Travis: Aww.
Griffin: You have slowed down. However, you are now spending a lot of
time being caught in this flock, and they are panicked. A few of them run
into the, uh, the glass chamber, and by the time you get out of this swarm
of beautiful, winged horses, your trajectory—
Travis: They‘re just pooping everywhere.
Clint: We are covered in pega-shit.
Griffin: Uh, you are covered in pega-shit, and your trajectory has changed
pretty wildly.
Travis: Well, super cool, DM!
Griffin: What?
Travis: Well, we‘re supposed to get on a train! You‘ve ruined it with your
storytelling!
Griffin: I didn‘t tell you to pull the handle! Your uh, your trajectory is
changed pretty wildly. You are… you‘ve basically turned about 90 degrees to
the left in the direction that you were originally headed, away from a lush,
soft, green pasture outside of the town of Rockport, which you can see the 
lights of below. You are moving away from that destination and into a thickly
wooded area.
Travis: Super cool.
Griffin: Um, just by triangulating, you‘re guessing it‘s a few miles outside of
Rockport. And as you pierce through the top layer, the canopy of these
woods, and look down, you realize, just as you land, that you are in a
swamp.
Travis: You‘ve realized just as you land that you‘ve never truly loved
anyone.
Griffin: Uh, no, it‘s not a crash landing. It is a soft landing, but you have
landed in the mucky mire of a swamp. You are strapped in. You‘re actually
kind of face down, you‘re facing down, so you‘re strapped in, sort of hanging
from the chairs, looking down at this swamp. And uh, that is where you are.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: Do we see—is there anything we can see other than swamp?
Clint: Muck. Just muck.
Justin: Landmarks or anything?
Griffin: No. It is, uh… there are a lot of trees around that are sort of
blocking your vision. The only thing you can see is the mucky water below,
which your sphere is kinda starting to sink into.
Clint: Okay.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Now, where‘s the door? Is it in front of us, on the muck side? Do we
need to roll the sphere backwards or something?
Griffin: The door is face down, in the muck. The door is, uh, submerged.
It‘s still closed. The muck water‘s not getting in.
Clint: I would like to take a ―throw ourselves backwards so it rolls out the
muck and the door is free roll.
Griffin: That‘s a—that was a lot of things. That was a lot of concepts, uh,
that you have—
Clint: Alright, then just give it to us.
Travis: How mad would they be—how mad would the Bureau be if I just
smashed this thing? Do they have more of them? Is this the only sphere
they‘ve got?
Clint: Smash, smash, smash.
Griffin: Uh, you saw several of these spheres in the hanger, so yes. They
have more of them.
Clint: I like my ―roll it backwards and free the door idea, but…
Travis: Sure, go for that.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Yeah, try it.
Griffin: Are you going to try and do it while you‘re still strapped into these
chairs hanging from the ceiling? 'Cause it might be hard to get leverage.
Clint: Well, I think that would… Well, alright. Let‘s unstrap, and
then push against the sides so that we begin the sphere rolling until the door
is free.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: By the time that the three of you get unstrapped without, y‘know,
landing on each other comically, the sphere is about one-third submerged in
the—in the goo.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: What‘s your approach gonna be? Are you trying to just basically
hamster ball this?
Clint: Yeah! Yeah, that‘s what I was thinking.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: It‘s like sinking though, right? There‘s nothing solid below us. Are
we sinking?
Griffin: Uh, yeah.
Justin: Okay, we‘re not going to be able to roll it without sinking.
Clint: Oh, sure! Yeah.
Taako: I‘m getting out. I climb out of the door and leave.
Travis: Uh, the door—
Griffin: The door is underwater.
Travis: Okay.
Taako: What?
Merle: You‘re gonna kill us!
Griffin: The door is under goo.
Travis: Wait, I saw this on Mythbusters. We have to wait until it‘s
completely submerged, and then the pressure equalizes, we can open the
door, swim out.
Griffin: Uh, the swamp that you are sinking into is not water. It is—it is a
viscous sort of, uh, almost quicksand-like goo.
Justin: How heavy would you say the orb is?
Griffin: It is the dimensions and weight of a Volkswagen Golf.
Clint: Hmm.
Travis: Okay, I smash through the side of it.
Griffin: Okay. Goddamn it.
Travis: What?
Griffin: Somebody‘s, like, mowing their lawn, like, right outside my door.
Travis: Oh, I thought I‘d made a choice and you were like,
―Well, fuck. You really backed me into a corner, Travis. 
Griffin: Okay! Uh, with uh, your axe?
Travis: With my Phantom Fist. I‘m gonna punch through.
Griffin: Okay. Using your, uh, heavy plate gauntlet Phantom Fist, which
you purchased in the last episode, you rear back and punch forward. As you
do, a larger, spectral hand sort of wraps itself around your own and helps
you in this endeavor, and you smash through the glass a couple feet above
the waterline of the uh, goo.
And you have successfully made a hole that is big enough for the three of
you to fit through. Not all at once. That would be hilarious. Uh, but the three
of you can get through this hole that you‘ve created.
Travis: We do that.
Taako: Fully.
Griffin: Uh, okay, the three of you fully get through the door. Uh… well, by
―door, I mean, ―makeshift hole that you have just blasted in the side of this
thing, and have made it out onto the swamp. It is very, very tricky terrain.
Um, one might even call it difficult terrain. It‘s hard to keep your footing,
and it‘s hard to sort of keep yourself moving so you don‘t also, uh, get
glorped down.
Travis: Don‘t my magic jumping boots, like, help me in difficult terrain? Am
I making that up?
Griffin: Yeah, I think you‘re making it up.
Travis: Mm…
Griffin: Mm. I guess it‘s open to debate, but I think—
Travis: If only this game were made of everyone making stuff up, huh?
Anyways.
Griffin: Uh, you uh… yeah. So, the three of you have made it out. The
sphere is almost totally submerged. 
Travis: Oh, I left my wallet in there!
Taako: Would—what if I were to do like, um… if I were to use the ray of
frost, could I freeze the swamp around it? Would that work?
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s worth a shot.
Taako: We got a thing going here?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, let‘s see what happens.
Merle: Maybe the blue ring would help him, too.
Taako: That‘s a frost resistance ring.
Merle: Well, yeah, but it ices beverages.
Taako: It helps me, uh—
Griffin: A swamp is not a beverage. I‘m just going to go ahead and cut you
off at the pass there, Dad. Swamps aren‘t drinkable.
Taako: Swamps aren‘t beverages.
Clint: Well, don‘t force your— Your choices on me!
Taako: My daddy can—
Travis: Hey, old man!
Justin: My daddy can drink any swamp he wants. Uh, okay, I‘ll cast, uh, ray of frost to try to, um… to try—sorry, I
like, morphed back into Justin, because I‘m not saying out loud what I‘m
doing. I‘m gonna cast ring of frost. Ray of frost, uh, on the—sort of like,
swamp around the ball to try to halt its sinkage.
Griffin: Uh, okay, yeah. You do that. You sort of do a quick circle of ray of
frost around the sphere, and you have managed to freeze at least the top
part of the swamp, which has managed to halt the descent of your, uh, of
your sphere.
Justin: Okay, okay, listen, listen. We need to get busy here. I don‘t have—I
don‘t have any magic that can help point us in the direction that we need to
go. We‘re trying to catch a train, right?
Griffin: Yes. Um, yeah.
Justin: Okay.
Taako: I don‘t have a—none of my spells sort of leap to mind that would
be, uh, helpful to us. Tasha’s hideous laughter, nothing. You guys have any,
like, spells or abilities? Can I do a perception check to see if I can sense any,
like, train-like activities?
Griffin: Uh, can you do—sorry? A perception check to see if you sense any
train-like abilities…?
Justin: I mean, like, a distant flood lamp, or perhaps, a place
where tracks used to be but aren‘t right now.
Travis: This is a solid, solid plan.
Griffin: Yeah, that is some solid dungeoneering is what that is.
Justin: Good news, I got a one. I got a critical failure!
Griffin: So you failed on your— you critically failed, on your, uh—
Travis: So you just go, ―What‘s a train? But we—we know the direction.
We could—
Justin: I fall over and start shoveling swamp into my mouth. 
Clint: Do we have a map or anything?
Travis: We could see Rockport when when we landed. Like, we have a
general idea—
Griffin: The three of you—I‘m gonna set the scene. The three of you are
standing in swamp water, just sort of stomping around to keep yourself from
sinking. Uh, you have frozen the swamp around the sphere. Um, as the
three of you are debating furiously about what trains could possibly be close
to you, uh, you hear kind of a goopy sound coming from above you, in the
uh, the canopy of the trees above. And, uh… you hear a goopy sound.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: A goopy sound?
Griffin: Yeah, kind of like a… 
Travis: Oh, great.
Justin: Okay, can I do a, uh… can I do a perception check to see
if I, like—
Travis: Let‘s all do a perception check. I got a 16.
Justin: I got a… 13.
Travis: Oh, I got 15, 'cause I have a minus one perception.
Clint: 14.
Griffin: Okay. Magnus, you, uh, you see, just for a flash of a second, uh, a,
uh, green, slimy eyestalk, popping out of the canopy of the largest tree
above. Um, and as soon as you sort of make eye contact with it, it zips back
up into the tree.
Magnus: Hello! Do you know where the train is?
Griffin: Magnus, actually, as you yell at it to try and um, negotiate or get
some information, um, the eyestalk pops back out. And then, further down
the branch, another eyestalk pops out. And then, from a hole in the tree,
another eyestalk pops out.
Magnus: What up?
Griffin: Um, and slowly from those three positions, you see begin to climb
out, these dark green… uh, leeches begin to come out of the tree. The ones
on the branches are descending towards you on strings of goo, and plop
down on the surface of the swamp next to you.
The one coming out of the tree has made it down to the base of the tree.
And the one that just came down off the tree, the biggest one, rears back
and opens a mouth lined with three rows of razor-sharp teeth, and it begins
hissing at you.
Magnus: Hello!
Griffin: Uh, and it‘s, uh—
Magnus: So, I was asking about a train?
Griffin: Uh, and it is, uh, it‘s initiative time. Do you guys
remember battles?
Travis: I‘ve heard of them.
Justin: Five.
Travis: Uh, 10.
Clint: 20.
Griffin: Wow. Top of the order is Merle! Uh you are on difficult terrain,
which means that your movement speed is going to be halved. The leeches
are basically lined up in a row in front of you, they all came down off the
same tree. Uh, and they are… they‘re close. They‘re about ten feet away.
Clint: Alright, I want to cast thorn whip at them.
Griffin: What is that? I have no idea what you‘re talking about.
Clint: Alright. ―You create a long, vine-like whip covered in thorns that
lashes out at your command towards a creature in range. You make a melee
spell attack against the target. If the attack hits, the creature takes 1d6
piercing damage, and if the creature is large or smaller, you pull the
creature up to ten feet closer to you. 
Griffin: Okay. Is this a spell, what—is this a second level spell?
Clint: This is one of the cantrips that was granted to me when I switched
over.
Griffin: Oh, oh, oh! I see, cool. Okay. Alright, sweet! Whip away.
Clint: 15.
Griffin: 15, is that just what you rolled?
Clint: That‘s what I rolled.
Griffin: And then you have your spellcasting modifier, and you have plus
one because you have your Extreme Teen Bible now.
Clint: Uh, so… plus five!
Griffin: I think it was plus five before, so it should be plus six with your
Teen Bible, so 21.
Clint: So, 21.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, that‘s a hit.
Clint: Right, and then I roll a d6?
Griffin: Mm-hmm.
Clint: It‘s a six! Perfect.
Travis: Magnus yells…
Magnus: Don‘t move 'em!
Griffin: Okay. Um… Wait, do you have to move 'em?
Clint: Doesn‘t have to, uh-uh.
Griffin: M‘kay. Cool. Yeah, you, uh, you have whipped him. You whipped
him good. Uh, are you done?
Justin: How many, like, little things are poking out? Like—
Griffin: There are three leeches.
Justin: Okay. So which one did he just whip?
Clint: The one in the middle.
Griffin: The one in the middle? The one that came down off the branch?
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. Um, are you done with your turn?
Clint: Um, I think so.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you sink into the swamp to about your waist.
Travis: Good luck.
Griffin: Next in the order is Magnus.
Clint: Do we know how much damage we did to him?
Griffin: Uh, six damage. You said it out loud with your mouth.
Clint: Oh, okay.
Travis: Um… I‘m going to run over to the tree, or move to the tree they
came down off of.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: And I‘m going to use Railsplitter to fell it so it falls over on top of all
three of them.
Griffin: Okay, awesome. Uh… yeah, you, uh, distribute a devastating chop
to the base of the tree that the three of them came down on, angled in a 
manner to make it sort of slide off in their direction. You give it the
ol‘ Bushido Blade. It‘s almost like—
Justin: I think it‘s pronounced ―Buscemi Blade. 
Griffin: You give the ol‘ Buscemi Blade. It‘s like you didn‘t— it‘s like you
felt nothing as you went through. It was almost like you were, uh, chopping
through a curtain or something.
Justin: Sorry, I need to mute our mic. Dad has decided to take this
opportunity to enjoy a popcorn snack.
Clint: Sorry.
Griffin: Oh, wow! So, literally, the worst possible audible thing.
Clint: I put it down.
Griffin: Please don‘t eat a popcorn snack. You—
Justin: I was actually looking forward to enjoying the popcorn snack with
you, so I‘m a little sad about pointing it out.
Griffin: Well, maybe like, during a break. Um, you—no, it‘s not like we
couldn‘t tell that you weren‘t eating a goddamn popcorn snack. It was like
you were breakdancing on—
Clint: Really? How do you know this was my first bag?
Griffin: Travis is doing some dope shit, if you guys would allow him.
Travis: Thank you!
Clint: Yeah, yeah…
Griffin: The Railsplitter passes through the tree like a, like a baseball bat
passing through a ghost.
Griffin: Um, and the tree slides off of the base and begins to fall in a
straight line towards the leeches. And they are going to make dexterity
saving throws to try and get out of the way. The first one, the one at the
base, closest to the tree, rolled a two, which is a five. That‘s not gonna do it.
The one in the middle that just got attacked got a 19, that will do it. He uh,
darts forward towards you. Um, I‘m assuming, Travis, that you ran over to
the base of the tree to make this happen?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I stated that.
Griffin: M‘kay. Um, and the third one rolls an 18, which is sufficient. He
darts forward, too. But the tree falls to the side, and just completely
obliterates the, uh, the leech that was closest to the base. The one that was
actually right next to you, Magnus. Did someone eat popcorn?
Clint: Dang, he‘s good!
Griffin: Yeah, I‘m really good. Uh, so you have destroyed one of these
leeches. Uh, there‘s two left.
Travis: Uh, and I‘m going—
Justin: I just wanna say, like, this is the first D&— I appreciate that this is
a podcast. This is the first D&D in history where someone has not been able
to enjoy a salty snack.
Clint: Yeah. Yeah, really.
Justin: Like, never—like, the two shouldn‘t even—it should be in the fuckin‘
player‘s handbook. Like, ―Be sure to get your salty snack to enjoy as you
play D&D. 
Clint: Realism is just blown all to hell right now.
Justin: Yeah!
Clint: Sorry, but I feel that way.
Justin: I feel like I‘m working—I feel like I‘m preparing my taxes. That‘s
what D&D is without salty snacks.
Justin: There. I got that off of my chest.
Griffin: Well, we‘ll need to come up with some sort of a, like one of those
booths that they have at carnivals, where the money blows around?
Justin: Listen to Rosa Crunch over here!
Griffin: Listen to who?
Justin: Rosa Crunch! He‘s not going to the back of the snack bus!
Travis: Well, you know she wasn‘t called Rosa Van, right, Justin?
Griffin: She wasn‘t called Rosa Bus. What are you talking about?
Justin: He just is gonna keep crunching.
Clint: Go ahead, move me!
Travis: I‘m gonna step up on—I‘m gonna step up onto the stump.
Griffin: M‘kay, you‘re stumping.
Justin: Well, that‘s a good idea.
Griffin: This podcast is an auditory nightmare hellscape.
Justin: Thanks for the money, though.
Justin: Hey, just one more time before we let you all go. First, thanks for
hanging out with us for an hour. Uh, if you are able to help support The
Adventure Zone, if you like what you're listening to here, and you would like
us to keep making it and keep supporting us and making new stuff, and all
the other hosts at the Maximum Fun network, please take a moment right
now. Go to MaximumFun.org/Donate and help us make more great content.
Remember, ten bucks a month, you get a Drive exclusive tote bag, plus a
ton of bonus material that goes back for years of new stuff. 20 bucks, you
get that, the tote bag, and a mobile device charger, collapsible water bottle,
antibacterial wipes, and pilot wings. And then, for 35 bucks, you get all that,
plus a pair of rocket engraved shot glasses with the Max Fun logo on it.
There‘s a ton of stuff.
Travis: But above all that, what you really get is our gratitude.
Justin: You really get our thanks.
Griffin: And our love. You won't get that love. No, I'm just kidding. You'll
get it no matter what.
Travis: We love you no matter what.
Clint: And we‘re talking emotional love, right? Not a—not a physical…
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Whatever it takes. To get that money.
Clint: Good point.
Travis: So go to MaximumFun.org/Donate now.
Griffin: Working on my night moves.
Travis: And then tweet at us. Let us know so we can thank you, and then
tweet at your friends and tell them to go.
Justin: All our Twitters are just our names. Daddy, what‘s your Twitter?
Clint: Uh, DocCurm.
Justin: MaximumFun.org/Donate.

[BAL11]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Director: One of our Reclaimers, a brave soldier named Leeman Kessler,
was murdered in the city of Rockport. He had just managed to locate and
retrieve one of the grand Relics. He managed to secure passage on this
train, loaded his cargo onto the train, so all three of you can board. But one
of you will need to be Leeman Kessler. Retrieve the Relic and get it back to
us, any way that you can.
Magnus: Avi! Shh shh shhh. Be cool for two seconds.
Avi: Okay.
Griffin: You pull the handle, and your descent starts to slow down. You
realize, just as you land, that you are in a swamp. These dark green leeches
begin to come out of the tree.
Travis: I‘m going to run over to the tree, and I‘m going to use Railsplitter
to fell it so it falls over on top of all three of them.
Griffin: Okay, awesome. Uh, but the tree falls to the side and just
completely obliterates the leech that was closest to the base, the one that
was actually right next to you, Magnus.
Justin: Listen to Rosa Crunch over here!
Announcer: Are you a MaxFunDrive donor, or a MaxFunDrive boner? Time
to make up your mind as you enter… The Adventure Zone!
Travis: Doo doo doo doo doo doo… Is that the
music?
Griffin: Yeah, you—good work, Travis.
Clint: What is that music by the way? That‘s beautiful.
Travis: I wrote it with my mouth.
Griffin: It‘s Travis—
Travis: Doo doo doo doo doo doo…
Griffin: The opening theme to the Adventure Zone is just Travis doing a
cappella.
Clint: Wow.
Griffin: One leech down. Next in the order is actually the leeches. Uh,
they… the two of them are, uh—
Travis: The two of them mourn their fallen friend; they lose a
turn.
Griffin: They‘re about 5 feet apart—
Travis: ―No, Steven! 
Griffin: —uh, in front of the felled tree. One of them scooches over towards
Magnus, and one of them scooches over toward Merle. Magnus, the leech
that has moved over towards you doesn‘t actually lunge forward and attack.
It actually rears back and opens up that hideous Sarlacc-like mouth. Uh, you
see it‘s… haunting glottis part in the back of its throat, and it tries to spray 
you with a stinky, yellow fluid. Um, and you are going to need to make a
dexterity saving throw to, uh, prevent—
Travis: How do I—how do I do that? Just roll a d20?
Griffin: Roll a d20 and add your dex.
Travis: That is 17.
Griffin: 17, okay. Yeah, you dodge out of the way of this stinky, yellow, uh,
fluid. Uh, it lands with a splash in the swamp.
Magnus: Guys, look out for their glottis!
Griffin: Merle, the injured one that you hit with the thorn whip has moved
over to you. You are waist-deep in the muck. You sank down during your
last turn. Uh, it does rear back and attacks you, and it gets a 19 versus your
AC.
Travis: I‘m gonna use my, uh, defender thing.
Griffin: You are not next to Dad, so you cannot. You have to be within five
feet.
Travis: Do I?
Griffin: Yeees.
Travis: You are correct.
Clint: I am going to—
Griffin: You basically—in order to use that, Travis, you have to be, like…
Travis: Right next to them.
Griffin: Fight—fighting in melee with the same person.
Travis: Sorry, I thought it was someone I could see. It‘s been awhile since
we fought anything.
Griffin: Yeah, 'cause you‘re not Captain America; you can‘t,
like, chuck your shield in front of them.
Travis: I look forward to getting that ability later on whenever the DM
deems it appropriate.
Griffin: Well, I gave you an instant chop down tree axe in the last episode,
so…
Justin: A chance at getting that axe.
Travis: Griffin, when we started that last episode, I was in my head going,
―I hope Griffin puts me near a tree. Even if it‘s just, like, walking down a
road. There‘s a tree, Magnus chops it.
Griffin: Yeah. Uh, Merle, what‘re you gonna—do you have something to
prevent this attack?
Clint: Mmm…
Griffin: 'Cause you said you were gonna do something.
Clint: Yeah, I thought it was my turn.
Griffin: No, it‘s the leech‘s turn, and he has, uh, bitten you for… ooh,
damn. Nine damage.
Clint: Hmm.
Travis: Wait, did the leech roll to attack?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: I don‘t get a chance to evade?
Griffin: He rolled a 19 against your AC. God, it has been a while since we
done a battle, huh?
Travis: What am D&D?
Griffin: Uh, yeah, he rolled a 19 against your AC. What‘s your AC?
Clint: 18.
Griffin: Yep, so he hits. He rolled a nine for the damage, um, and he
doesn‘t just bite you. He actually—
Travis: He bites you and empties out your bank account.
Griffin: He bites you—well, he—
Justin: He bites you and steals your identity.
Griffin: He empties out your blood account a little bit. He latches on there,
and he gets, uh, he gets a good pint and a half of your blood out of you. And
when he, uh—
Justin: That‘s ridiculous. You don‘t know how much a pint is. That doesn‘t
make any sense.
Travis: That‘s a lot—Griffin, that‘s a lot of blood.
Justin: You just—that‘s three cups of blood.
Merle: Hey, I‘m fine. Don‘t worry about me!
Justin: He drank three cups of blood?
Merle: I can spare it. I‘m alright. Now I‘m pissed now.
Travis: Wait, you can spare it? Did Merle have a lot of extra
blood we don‘t know about?
Justin: And there‘s the time expended! Did he just say, ―Well, he‘s gonna
be at that for a while. I‘m gonna go have a lie down. Try to find some Little
Debbies. 
Griffin: No, he basically just shotgunned Dad. He basically just shotgunned
Merle. Um, yeah he got—I‘m gonna stick with it, pint and a half. Suck
that right out of you.
Griffin: And when he uh, when he detaches, he actually looks a little bit
heartier than he did just before.
Travis: He‘s grown a beard!
Griffin: Now it is Taako‘s turn. Taako Tuesday.
Justin: Uh, yeah, how close are those two homies to each other? The two
leeches?
Griffin: Uh, they are, they‘re about 15 feet away from each other. One is
sort of engaged with Magnus, and one just had—
Justin: Excellent. That was the exact right number!
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Uh, I‘m gonna cast Thunder Wave.
Griffin: Thunder Wave. What is that now?
Justin: Well, let me tell you about Thunder Wave, Griffin.
Travis: Let me tell you about this new heat.
Clint: And he strikes, like Thunder Wave…!
Justin: The spell that sounds the most like an afternoon drive, uh, shock
jock radio show, Thunder Wave…
Travis: You got Thunder Wave and the Leech, coming
at ya live! Every day, drive at five!
Clint: Here at the afternoon zoo!
Griffin: Dad, you‘re a little too good at that.
Justin: A wave of thunderous force sweeps out from me.
Griffin: Shit.
Justin: ―Each creature— I know. ―Each creature in a 15-foot cube,
originating from you, must make a constitution saving throw. On a failed
save, a creature takes 2d8 thunder damage and is pushed 10 feet away. On
a successful save, it takes half as much damage and isn‘t pushed. 
Griffin: M‘kay, so because they are 15 feet—
Travis: Oh, it hits them no matter what?
Justin: Yeah, I mean, they‘re gonna get hit. It‘s just about how much—
whether or not they can cut that damage in half.
Griffin: M‘kay. So what am I rolling to prevent this?
Justin: Uh, constitution.
Griffin: M‘kay, let me come up with a fake number, 'cause I didn‘t come up
with leech constitution, because frankly, Justin, I just didn‘t think it was
gonna come up.
Travis: Well, we see behind the curtain, and it‘s messy back there.
Griffin: No, you know what, I‘ll roll—I‘ll roll a d6. That‘s the only fair thing
to do. Okay. Alright, uh, and I‘m just trying to beat your spellcasting? Your—
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: So, it was 13 before, now it‘s 14. 'Cause you got the plus one…
Justin: Correct.
Griffin: Umbra Staff. Okay. Uh, the first one gets an 11, so he‘s gonna take
it. The other one crits. 20.
Travis: He‘s super constituted.
Griffin: Uh, the first one, the first that you hit, the one closest to you,
would be the one that just, uh, drained… that just shotgunned Merle.
Justin: So I‘m gonna—
Griffin: So he‘s the one I guess who‘s gonna take the damage.
Justin: So he takes, uh, 11 damage.
Griffin: Holy shit. Okay, he‘s bloodied, and some of that blood is Merle‘s, so
you know what‘s up.
Justin: And—you always round down?
Griffin: Yeah. The other one is gonna take half damage?
Justin: Yeah, five.
Griffin: That‘s a—that‘s a good spell.
Justin: Thanks. I‘m pretty partial to it.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, the one that just tried to spray Magnus is not bloodied,
um, but he takes the damage. I was considering making it so that the
electricity would actually shock Merle a little bit, but I think we‘ve
established this is not water per se, and I don‘t think that it would conduct.
Travis: Plus, Griffin, thunder is not electricity. Lightning is electricity.
Griffin: Well, scientists still have yet to— Kinda like global warming how like nobody‘s, like, figured out if
that‘s really a thing yet.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Justin: Right.
Griffin: People are still kinda confused about which one is thunder and
which one is lightning. Um. And which—are they both pushed?
Justin: The full damage one gets pushed 10 feet, the other one is not
pushed.
Clint: Do you get to choose which direction?
Justin: I would think – and this just like me pulling this out of my ass, but I
would think it would be in a line from me to them.
Griffin: Away from—
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. The leech that you hit for full damage, the one that was, uh,
having a Dad snack, goes flying back 10 feet. Lands relatively close to the
other leech. You basically just blasted it right next to Magnus on the stump.
So you got the two leeches by the stump, with Magnus on top of it.
Travis: Is the tree close enough to them, Ditto, that they can, like—that
Merle and Taako could like, grab it and stop sinking?
Griffin: Uhh, no, it‘s—I mean, it‘s a good 15 feet away.
Travis: Oh, okay.
Griffin: Next in the order is Merle. Merle, you are waist-deep in muck, uh,
which obviously you are not going to be able to move until you remedy that.
Travis: And your arm feels really cold.
Griffin: Why is that?
Travis: That‘s what happens when you donate blood.
Griffin: Oh, okay. Yeah, you haven‘t had your orange juice and graham
crackers yet.
Clint: Yeah, do I get cookies?
Griffin: No.
Travis: Yeah, the leech bites you and then goes, ―Here you go! 
Griffin: ―Here you go, buddy. 
Travis: ―Enjoy these peanut butter cookies I made! I‘m a leech! Leech
leech leech. 
Clint: I‘m going to cast something that I think will be good for all three of
us.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: It‘s a Godspell!
Clint: 'Cause that‘s my nature. I‘m gonna cast Tenser’s Floating Disk.
Griffin: Are you sure that—this sounds like a wizard‘s spell.
Clint: I have changed my mind about what I‘m going to do.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Yeah, I was about to say, that sounds like some Harry Potter-ass
shit.
Clint: It‘s first level…
Griffin: Yeah, but it‘s wizards.
Clint: I shall cast Flame Blade, which is on my list. Um, which one of them
is the most damaged? Which one of the leeches?
Griffin: Uh, they are—there‘s a bloodied one. They‘re both relatively in the
same location. Is this a second level spell?
Clint: Yes it is.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Clint: Second level evocation. ―You evoke a fiery blade in your free hand. 
Travis is gonna be so jealous. ―The blade is similar in size and shape to a
scimitar. 
Travis: Aw, man!
Griffin: How‘re you—so, just another rule clarification... I‘m assuming that
you make a melee attack with this flaming scimitar?
Clint: Yes, a melee spell attack with the fiery blade.
Griffin: Yeah, you are not in melee range of these guys. You are… you are
sunk half, waist-deep in the muck, and they are, like, about 15 feet away
from you.
Clint: Okay. 
Griffin: I hate to keep saltin‘ your game, Daddy, but you gotta do…
Clint: ―C‘mon, Dad, let‘s do a D&D podcast! It‘ll be a blast! I cast Sacred Flame!
Griffin: Hell yeah. Now, this is a spell that you are legally allowed to cast.
Clint: ―Flame-like radiance descends on a creature that you can see within
range. I assume I can see.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Oh no, you had your eyes closed when you cast it!
Griffin: Aw, no, you got swamp jizz in your eyes!
Clint: I‘m the only one you keep giving muck updates to, and it‘s 'cause I‘m
short! It‘s alright.
Travis: No, you sank into it!
Griffin: You sank into the goo.
Clint: Yeah, but you said waist-deep.
Griffin: Oh, shit, wait.
Clint: And my waist is only—
Griffin: Retcon! Retcon alert! Retcon alert! Griffin forgot something! Retcon
alert!
Clint: Uh-huh?
Griffin: Um, Taako, you didn‘t move last turn, did you?
Taako: No.
Griffin: You sank waist-deep into the mud as well.
Taako: Yeah, them‘s the breaks.
Clint: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Clint: Yep, alright.
Griffin: Okay, so both Taako and Merle. You are—you are right, Dad, I was
being unfair. Both of you have sunk into the goo.
Clint: Ha ha! Wait.
Griffin: Yeah you really helped out.
Taako: Guys! Guys, bad news. I lost my legs!
Clint: Uh, they take 1d8 radiant damage.
Griffin: Just one of them, though, right? It‘s not in a range.
Clint: Yeah, I wanna hit the bloodied one that gave me the hickey.
Griffin: The bloody one, and he‘s making a saving throw?
Clint: He makes a dexterity saving throw.
Griffin: 'Kay. I actually already gave them a dexterity modifier. Uh, six. Not
gon‘ do it. Plus one for your, uh, Extreme Teen Bible.
Clint: Wait a minute, give me an eight.
Travis: Oh, that‘s an automatic zero.
Griffin: If you don‘t show up prepared, then you take the zero.
Travis: No number two pencil, eh?
Clint: It‘s a one and then a one, 'cause I have my Extreme Teen Bible.
Griffin: Right. Most scientists and mathematicians agree that that is two.
Travis: But it can‘t be proven!
Clint: And I don‘t add any modifier to it?
Griffin: Nope.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: If only you cast that burning sword spell, that sounded dope.
Travis: Yeah, it sounded really cool, you guys.
Clint: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait! Merle says…
Merle: Eat me!
Griffin: Okay. To—to the heavens? To the—to the unreliable narrator?
Clint: To you, DM.
Griffin: Fantastic.
Justin: He becomes momentarily aware of your existence.
Griffin: Okay. Is that it for your turn?
Clint: Yeah, I guess!
Griffin: Okay, you have sank completely—
Justin: Back on that popcorn grind, though.
Griffin: Don‘t! No popcorn!
Clint: Oh! I‘m sorry!
Justin: He got that—he got that two damage off—he got that
one sunburn on that leech and was like, ―Ah, time to popcorn out. 
Griffin: Time for a little victory popcorn.
Clint: Did I break another rule?
Griffin: So it‘s important for you to know that this is not in punishment for
your impunity, but you have sank completely into the slime.
Clint: Uh-huh. Yeah.
Griffin: And uh, you are going to take some poison damage, because you
can‘t breathe slime.
Clint: Sure. Y‘know, I forgot one birthday, Griffin. I‘m so sorry!
Griffin: Go ahead and take seven poison damage.
Clint: Sure, yeah. Okay.
Griffin: And you are completely submerged in, uh, swamp now.
Justin: Can I ask a question? Is the poison damage because he can‘t
breathe liquid, or is it because the swamp itself is dangerous?
Griffin: Uh, it‘s… it is because he can‘t breathe poison swamp goo.
Justin: It‘s poison swamp goo, so—
Griffin: It is if you breathe it. If you drink it, and you get it in your mouth
and you drink it, it‘s gonna hurt.
Justin: Okay. Are there fish? Is there wildlife? I mean, is there aquatic life
that‘s fine?
Griffin: These leeches don‘t seem—
Travis: What do we have to do to save the wetlands?
Griffin: Uh, I would be more worried about saving the cleric, at this point. Next in the order is, uh, Magnus Burnsides.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: You are safe on your stump. You got a—
Travis: I run down the felled tree to where—
Merle: I‘m fine, fellas! Don‘t worry about me!
Magnus: I‘m coming to get you, Magnus! No, you‘re Merle.
Merle: No, it‘s okay! Don‘t worry.
Travis: Okay, um, whatever I can do to get me closest to where Merle went
down.
Griffin: The tree is not going to be difficult terrain, so you can move down
that. Uh, it‘ll take you about five feet to get to a point where you can get
sort of a straight line to try and run to Merle. But once you get into the 
swamp, it will be difficult terrain, and you won‘t have enough movement to
get there. Um, so you could try a leap. You could do a Leapin‘ Loafers. You
could try and do some Tarzan shit if you want.
Travis: Oh yeah, wait, no, I can leap up to my speed, right?
Justin: We should really be writing this stuff down.
Griffin: The Boots of Striding and Springing, or the Leapin‘ Loafers, as we
have called them, allow you to jump three times your normal distance. So,
we‘ll say 15 feet.
Travis: Cool. Can I jump from the tree, then? Like, can I make it to him
that way?
Griffin: Uh, yeah! Yeah, that‘ll—you‘ll have enough movement to do that.
You straight up Air Bud that shit.
Travis: Well, before I go…
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Travis: I‘m gonna tie the rope off to like a branch or something.
Griffin: What rope?
Travis: I got rope. Everybody‘s got rope. It‘s in my adventurer‘s kit.
Griffin: Uh, okay, but that‘s gonna be your action, homie. If you do that.
Travis: Tying a rope is an action? That‘s like, that‘s level one. This is first
day of school shit.
Griffin: No, that‘s—I mean— Yes, but you are taking the time to do
something. That would be considered an action.
Travis: Okay, then I don‘t—
Griffin: It‘s not like you‘re pressing a button or flipping a switch, you‘re
like—
Travis: Then I don‘t tie the rope. Okay?
Griffin: Alright.
Travis: I just jump over, because I love Merle so damn much.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: And I reach in and pull him out of the goddamn swamp.
Griffin: Uh, well, okay. Again, we‘re gonna make some checks, 'cause we‘re
playing Dungeons and Dragons.
Justin: It‘s like thrilling adventure hour in here.
Griffin: Uh, you‘re gonna have to make some checks, because that‘s how
we play Dungeons and Dragons. You don‘t just say things and do it, 'cause
it‘s a video game. Well, it‘s a board game. Scientists have yet to agree.
Uh, so you‘re gonna plunge your hand into the goo where you think you just
saw Merle. You reach in. You get some—you get a little bit of beard. Do you
have a beard?
Merle: I‘m—Ow! Ow, ow, ow! Yeah, I got a
beard!
Griffin: Wow, Dad, you should really be in charge of the Foley work.
Clint: Thank you.
Griffin: You do a much better job than I do. Uh, and Merle, why don‘t you
make a—or Magnus, why don‘t you make a—
Justin: You just make everything sound gooshy.
Griffin: That‘s true.
Justin: I don‘t like it.
Griffin: Well, that‘s sort of like my… what tickles my fancy. Magnus, why
don‘t you pull, uh, pull your cleric out?
Travis: M‘kay. I roll… what‘s that, a strength?
Griffin: Strength check. Yeah, we‘ll do a strength check.
Travis: M‘kay, great. So that was a 15.
Griffin: 15. Yeah, you, in one smooth motion, remove the cleric from the
swampy, uh, goo. Uh, you pull him out, and plop him back down on… well,
not terra firma, it‘s still swamp, but that—he is—he‘s okay.
Clint: Terra slima.
Griffin: Terra slima. Yeah, sure.
Travis: And do I have any move—that was all my move, right?
Griffin: That was it, yeah. But you don‘t sink in!
Travis: I don‘t?
Griffin: Nope.
Clint: Aha!
Travis: As long as you move, you don‘t sink, kids.
Griffin: Uh, next in the order is… is the leeches. Um, they both scurry
towards the party. You guys are relatively close together. Um, one of them
actually goes for Taako, who is half-submerged, and one of them goes for
Magnus. Magnus, again, one of them rears back and spews its yellow spume
at you from its haunting glottis. Uh, and you‘re gonna make a dexterity
saving throw.
Travis: Saving throw, dex two… I got 10.
Griffin: Ten, that is insufficient. You are sprayed with, uh, fluid.
Travis: Damn it.
Griffin: Uh, you take five damage. And the fluid, as it hits you, almost
like magic shell upon a scoop of ice cream, firms up and becomes almost
web-like, and you are restrained, meaning you, uh, you have zero
movement until you can successfully make a dexterity saving throw at the
end of your turn.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: The other leech just goes for Taako and tries to chow down. Uh,
16.
Travis: I will use my defender thing here though, right?
Griffin: Yeah, you are close enough for that.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, eight. Probably not gonna hit AC on Taako?
Justin: 12, no. Yeah, 12.
Griffin: Twelve. Okay. Yeah, you, uh—
Justin: Does that increase over—with like, with leveling up, or?
Travis: We gotta get you some new armor.
Justin: Yeah, okay.
Griffin: Uh, I think it is armor and also your dexterity modifier. As you
increase that, your AC also goes up.
Justin: Okay, right. So it‘s still 12.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uh, yeah, so he does not manage to chow down. Taako, it is
your turn, you are half-submerged, you got a leech right up on you. It is the
hardier of the two leeches. The leech that just, uh, sprayed Magnus is on
death‘s door. You guys are pretty clumped together at this point.
Justin: Can I walk?
Griffin: You can‘t. You can try and pull yourself out, but you can‘t move.
Magnus: Grab onto my waist belt! Pull yourself up from my groin!
Taako: Well, no, it‘s okay, I‘ll just levitate. I‘m cool, thanks.
Justin: I levitate.
Griffin: Okay, is that a thing you can do?
Justin: Yes. It‘s a second-level, uh, transmutation magic. I just—I just float.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uh, you float. You start—
Justin: I mean, that‘s the whole thing.
Clint: Float, float on…
Griffin: The swamp—the swamp, uh, almost opens up around you like an
open mouth and allows you to sqwoosh out over the swamp, and you are
now straight up levitating over…
Travis: And for half a second, leech and adventurer alike all turn, mouth
agape, to stare at the glory of Floating Taako.
Griffin: How long does that last, Floating Taako?
Justin: Ten minutes.
Griffin: Okay, so yeah, you no longer have to worry about the effects of the
swamp around you. Um, you gonna do anything else, or is that your turn?
Justin: Uh, I can‘t really do anything else. That‘s my—that‘s my action, and
I can‘t, uh, the… I can‘t really move once I‘m floating. The only way I can
sort of alter my location at all is by pushing or pulling against a fixed object
or surface.
Griffin: Merle, you‘re up. You are above ground, and… stink. You smell like
swamp, but otherwise, you‘re good to go there, Shrek.
Clint: Alright. How close are the two leeches?
Griffin: They‘re both very close. One is right next to you, one is five feet
away. The one that is right next to you is super bloodied.
Clint: I‘m gonna cast Thunder Wave, and yes, I do have it.
Griffin: Is that a—
Travis: So suck it, Griffin.
Griffin: Is that a nature… whatever it is? One of your boons of
being a nature guy?
Clint: It‘s a… Yeah!
Griffin: Okay. So you‘re having basically a dueling banjos, which is
appropriate considering the setting. Thunder Wave-off with Taako at this point.
Clint: Yeah, I don‘t know if I wanna do that or not.
Griffin: Oh sorry, I didn‘t mean to insult your game. I mean, if you wanna
be basically uh, a copycat of Taako, then absolutely go for it. But I thought—I thought you were listening when Fleetwood Mac
told you to go your own way.
Clint: Alright, I‘m gonna try Flame Blade again on the one right in front of
me.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Wait a minute, what‘s the difference between Flame Blade
and—aww shit.
Travis: Do you have, like, a sword? Something you can poke him with
really hard? Just like, attack it? He‘s super bloodied.
Clint: I‘m rollin‘ my own way, bud.
Travis: Okay. I mean, I did just use my whole action to save your butt.
Clint: Oh, alright! Alright, I‘ll hit Mr. Bloodied with my warhammer.
Travis: Thank you.
Clint: Happy?
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Also, I don‘t know that you can actually cast Flame Blade.
Clint: Yeah, I knew you were looking it up, you little—
Griffin: Yeah, well it‘s a good thing I did, because you can‘t do it. Dad's a wi—Dad's a clewizardbard! A clwizarbardruid. Alright, so
what are you—what are you doing, Dad?
Clint: Alright, I roll what, I'm- I'm hitting him—
Griffin: What are you doing?
Clint: I'm just hitting him with my uh, my warhammer.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: 16.
Justin: Does he add a modifier to that?
Griffin: Yes, he adds uh, I think plus four? It should say next to your
warhammer in your character sheet.
Clint: It is plus four, that‘s right.
Griffin: 'Kay, so 20, that‘s a hit.
Clint: 20, and then roll the d8?
Griffin: Plus two.
Clint: Uh it‘s six, plus two. That‘s eight.
Griffin: You uh, bring your hammer down on the bloodied leech in front of
you, and when you pull the hammer back, the leech has a hammer-shaped
indent in it and has stopped moving. Um, he is dead as hell.
Clint: Yeah, thanks, I got some of my own blood on me, great.
Taako: I thought I‘d feel more excited. That was just kinda sad.
Griffin: Uh, next in the order is Magnus.
Travis: Okay, uh—
Griffin: Oh wait, oh wait wait wait. Are you gonna move?
Clint: Am I gonna move?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: You should!
Clint: Uh, yes.
Griffin: Okay, where do you—what are you doing?
Clint: I move one foot back.
Griffin: Okay, you step backwards one foot and you are fine.
Uh, next in the order is Magnus.
Travis: I‘m gonna chop him with the Railsplitter, two-handed.
Griffin: M‘kay. Chopping the other one?
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: Well, there‘s one left.
Griffin: The only living one. Okay.
Travis: Yeah. Um, 24.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘ll do it.
Travis: Okay, and that‘s a d10.
Griffin: Are you—
Clint: Can we call that one Robin Leech?
Griffin: Yeah, I guess you were within five feet, 'cause you were restrained,
so you can‘t move.
Travis: Yeah. And that is six plus six, 12.
Griffin: 12. Okay, he is bloodied and he looks like uh… he looks like he‘s
ready to embrace the end.
Travis: Sweet death. Uh, dexterity saving throw?
Griffin: Yes, make a dexterity saving throw. You‘re just trying to beat a 10.
Travis: Um, I got… nope! That‘s not gonna do it, that‘s a five.
Griffin: Yeah. Uh, you do not save, and you sink halfway into the slime. Uh,
it is now the leech‘s turn. He is actually gonna move right back over to you,
Magnus, and try and recover a little bit of health. He rolls a 15.
Travis: Against my armor class?
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: Uh, that is—
Clint: How is the leech rolling?
Travis: —that is not going to hit, and I am going to use Riposte. ―When
creature misses you with melee attack, use reaction and dice to make a
melee attack against them. If hit, plus dice to the damage. 
Griffin: Oh, so you roll a d20 and one of your superiority dice.
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: Which is a d6?
Travis: Correct.
Justin: What does that mean, superiority dice? What‘s that?
Travis: So 17—
Griffin: So that is—that‘s Travis‘s new thing, he has a pool of resources
called superiority dice. He gets four of them per day, and he can spend them
to do these maneuvers. So right now he‘s spending one of them to Riposte, 
which means he makes a counterattack, adds the result of the superiority
dice to it. Um, and…
Travis: I got a—I got a 24?
Griffin: Yeah, fuck yeah.
Travis: Okay, and then the damage is… we‘ll just d8… four plus six is 10!
Plus five, so 15.
Griffin: Yeah you straight up like, Babe Ruth call the shot, and send half of
this leech flying, uh, way deep into the swamp.
Clint: And then eat 12 hot dogs and drink 14 beers.
Griffin: And what‘s really impressive is that you did this without leg
movement. You are halfway down in the swamp, and you basically,
like some sort of chopping robot, uh reared back and sent half of this thing
flying.
Merle: Good upper body, dude!
Griffin: Uh, yeah.
Magnus: Thanks bro.
Griffin: You have solved my Shrek puzzle!
Justin: Folks, we uh—
Travis: Havin‘ a lot of fun today.
Griffin: And now that comes to an end.
Justin: And now it comes to an end as we come to you hat in hand for
money. We‘re part of the Maximum Fun network here at The Adventure
Zone. If we‘re the first show on Max Fun you've listened to, you may not
know what that means, but it‘s an entire podcast network of creator-owned
programs that aim to make the world a little better, a little funnier, a little
better educated, whatever. It varies, depending on the show. Our purpose
here is just to have a little fun and help spread—my dad is grabbing my
wrist. He‘s putting his hat in my hand.
Griffin: What is go—oh my god, is every—do you need me to come over
there? What‘s going on?
Justin: Is this some sort of photo opportunity, I guess? Uh…
Clint: Hat in hand.
Justin: Hat in hand. Uh, so, uh, MaximumFun.org/Donate is where you can
go to make a monthly pledge to help support this network. That money‘s
gonna go to Max Fun to help grow the network and support all the great,
hardworking people it has, looking for new shows and creating new shows.
And it‘s also gonna go to the shows that you choose as the ones you listen
to. That pledge is gonna be split up between those shows.
Your money is going directly to the shows that uh, that you love. So,
y'know, it‘s not going out into the abyss. It‘s going straight to whichever
shows you select.
Griffin: We uh, we use that money to uh, go on—do like, uh, live shows
and tours and stuff like that, to buy equipment, and even just to like, to
experiment and start new stuff like The Adventure Zone, which just straight 
up would not exist if it was not for the support that we've gotten from
listeners of My Brother, My Brother, and Me and Sawbones and Bunker
Buddies already.
Justin: Now, we‘re not asking you to do this for free, mind you. Uh, we've
got some great, really exciting pledge gifts for you. We‘re gonna go over to
our special correspondent, Dad, to tell us what you can get at those different
pledge level donations. Now, this is a pledge per month.
Travis: Also want to say, thanks, Dad, for texting us a picture of Justin with
his hat in his hand, 'cause I was having trouble—
Clint: You're welcome.
Travis: --picturing it in my mind.
Griffin: Just sort of like what a hat is.
Travis: What would Justin even look like holding a hat? What does that
even mean? But now, thank god you texted it to me, and I can tell.
Justin: Dad, what can we get?
Clint: Alright! Five dollars a month, you get the exclusive bonus content,
which is content that is not only bonus, but exclusive.
Griffin: Jesus Christ.
Travis: Nailed it. Nailed it.
Clint: Ten dollars a month—
Griffin: Wait, well, hold on. Let‘s expound on that, because that is… uh,
that‘s a lot of stuff, because it‘s—it‘s not just stuff that uh… every show on
the network puts up an episode every year for the pledge drive, right? So
uh, if you like The Adventure Zone, you want more episodes, there is a 45-
minute long prequel episode, detailing the origins of how Merle, Magnus, and
Taako met.
Justin: Yeah, did it on the backstory, too.
Griffin: Yeah. And um…
Travis: And if you're a fan of Max Fun and you have been for a while, we've
got bonus content going back years and years. Like, you get—
Griffin: Right, that‘s what I was gonna say. It is a huge, huge catalog of
like, I don't know, like, five or so extra My Brother, My Brother, and Me
episodes, uh… there is just a ton of stuff on there, and you get access to it
at five dollars a month.
Clint: And the one from 1974 is an all-disco episode. It was really cool.
Travis: It was amazing. It‘s incredible.
Griffin: Uh, it‘s called 'Disco is Gonna Last Forever.‘
Travis: The Jesse Thorn story.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: He‘s got… Uh, ten dollars per month, you get a Driveexclusive tote bag. Now, this is a tote bag that can only be used while you're
driving, which is such a great concept. Um, you want to get that, plus the
exclusive bonus content!
Justin: That‘s not true.
Griffin: What did he say—what did he say wrong?
Justin: Well, it‘s… it‘s—you can—you get it during this drive.
Clint: It says 'drive exclusive.‘
Justin: This drive. Not exclusive while you're driving.
Clint: Okay. Oh, I understand, then.
Travis: Okay, try again.
Clint: $20 a month—
Griffin: No, he got it. It was perfect.
Justin: No, it‘s pretty good.
Clint: $20 a month, the uh, the in-flight power pack, which is a mobile
device charger—
Griffin: You don‘t sound very sure of yourself about this pledge drive level.
Clint: Well, let me turn the computer screen—ah! $20 a month is an inflight power pack. Listen to this, folks. A mobile device charger. You're
gonna pay 20 bucks for that alone somewhere.
Griffin: Dad, would you use that for your Zune?
Clint: I would use that for my Zune, which I can no longer use. 
Um, but y'know, I'll charge it up anyway.
Travis: Out of shame.
Griffin: Well, 'cause you can't charge the goddamn thing!
Clint: That‘s right. That‘s why I can't use my Zune. Uh, a collapsible water
bottle, which seems to be self-defeating, but I'm sure it‘s really cool.
Travis: It expands back, Dad.
Justin: It collap—yeah, and it collapses when you want it to. 
Griffin: Oh, what a cool water bottle! Aww.
Clint: Oh, it uncollapses! Okay, I gotcha. Uh, the antibacterial wipes, in
case you have accidentally used bacterial wipes. Also—
Griffin: And just need to nullify…
Clint: It nullifies the bacterial wipes that you have. And pilot wings,
because every time you—
Griffin: The Super Nintendo classic.
Clint: --listen to an episode from Max Fun, a pilot gets his wings.
Justin: That‘s true. That‘s science. Uh, at $35 a month, by the way, you
can get all that stuff, plus some uh, shot glasses with the Maximum Fun logo
on them. So, and there are more donation levels as you go up. There‘s $100
a month level called The Inner Circle where you get a gift picked out by a
Max Fun host every month. And at $200 a month, you get all that stuff, plus
free registration for MaxFunCon 2016, which is a heck of a good time, and
that‘s a heck of a value, 'cause those tickets ain‘t super cheap. So…
Clint: Think about that. For only $200 a month, you get to meet three out
of the four of us at MaxFunCon.
Griffin: If we are—if we are there next year, which there is no guarantee
of.
Justin: If we are there next year, which is possible.
Clint: Well, we know I won't be, so there‘s one.
Justin: Almost certain. I—well, I won't be if you are.
Travis: No.
Clint: Understood.
Travis: But do you know what the number one thing that you get for
donating to Maximum Fun is?
Clint: A tax write-off.
Travis: A feeling of superiority.
Justin: A popcorn snack.
Griffin: Incessant sexts from us. Did I say that word write? Sexts?
Justin: Yes. Sexts.
Travis: Nailed it.
Griffin: Sexts and isthmus.
Travis: You get to feel like you're a part of the network. You get to feel like
you're not only enjoying the content, but also part of it.
Justin: No, you don‘t feel like you are part of the network. You are a part of
the network.
Griffin: You're a part of the goddamn network.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: You are our life blood. You are our Gaia. Our bloodstream.
Travis: You are not only a listener, you're a supporter. You are part of—you
are a part of all—we are all Max Fun.
Griffin: Gooble gobble. Gooble gobble.
Travis: You also get to judge all your friends that listen for free and don‘t
donate.
Griffin: And that‘s the greatest gift of all.
Justin: MaximumFun.org/Donate is the address. If you're a new donor,
you're gonna get a uh, someone to match your pledge. Not match your
pledge, but there is a challenge donor that‘ll kick in some extra money when
you, a new donor, join up. If you are an existing donor, maybe you picked
up some new shows this week. Uh, this year, sorry, that you've been
listening to on Max Fun.
If you increase your donation to the next highest level, then you're gonna
get all the gifts. If you're a $20 a month donor right now, you can bump it
up to $35, and you're gonna get the shot glasses, the power pack, the driveexclusive tote bag, the bonus materials, whatever.
If you can only chip in five bucks a month, I mean… five bucks a month. One
meal at McDonald‘s a month. Which you shouldn‘t be eating.
Griffin: Or Hardee‘s. Or Arby‘s. Or Subway.
Travis: $20, one Travis McElroy meal at McDonald‘s a month.
Justin: If you could just kick in a few dollars, that‘s gonna really help us
out, 'cause it just takes a few of those to get us, uh… to get this network
funded. Um, and uh, and you're gonna get a ton of great content to listen
to. If you can't donate, times are tight, we get it. But if you could, help us
spread the word. Use the MaxFunDrive hash tag, and that link,
MaximumFun.org/Donate, and uh, bully some other people into it.
Griffin: Yep.
Travis: And then make sure to tell us about it so we can thank you, and tell
us about all the people you bullied so we can thank you for bullying them.
Griffin: Mm-hmm. And so we can bully them, because god, we love
bullying.
Travis: Oh, I love it so much. There‘s nothing D&D players love more than
bullying people.
Griffin: Uh, so… Yeah, thank you all for listening to our second
MaxFunDrive special. We hope you've enjoyed getting two consecutive
weeks of episodes. It‘s a grueling pace for us, but we do it because we love
you, and because we‘re excited about this drive. We‘re enthusiastic about
this network, and we want you to uh, come be a part of it.
Travis: And remember, as you're listening to this, if you're getting this
fresh off—y'know, fresh off the podcast presses, there‘s only a couple days
left in the MaxFunDrive that you can get all those awesome pledge gifts for,
so don‘t wait. Go to MaximumFun.org/Donate now, as you're listening to this
show. Go now to donate, and become a Max Fun donor todaaay!
Griffin: Back to the adventuuure! I'm actually gonna go pee just one last
time real quick. The three of you, roll into Rockport after escaping the, uh, the
swamp. It takes you a little while. Your tickets, uh, say they‘d be—
Justin: They had to drag me part of the way. You know that, right? I had to
drop down like my—
Griffin: They just pushed you. It was like—it was like air hockey. They just
sort of pushed Taako, just sort of slid him across the top of it.
Magnus: I got a Taako balloon!
Griffin: You got a good lay of the land, um, when you crash landed, so
you—you knew which direction to head. You made it out of the swamp. It
took you a little a while. Your tickets for the Rockport Limited say it departs
at 10:15, and by the time that you manage to get to Rockport it is, uh, it is
9:45, so you are cutting it relatively close. You‘re also—
Magnus: Oh, we got plenty of time!
Griffin: You‘re also rolling up into Rockport. Magnus, you are covered in a
stinky yellow goo that dried up, so it isn‘t really restricting you anymore, but
it is unsightly and un-stink-ly. Uh, Taako, you are just sort of crusty from
the waist down, with uh, with swampy goo that you‘ve been unable to rinse
off your body. Dad, you look like some sort of weird shit-monster, uh, who is
just caked in swamp—
Justin: And your character in this game…
Clint: Yeah, you said Dad! Great.
Griffin: Merle is absolutely clean.
Clint: Everybody else was their character.
Griffin: Um, Merle, you look like a little, uh, just a little shit monster. You
have goo caked, uh, in your clothes and your beard and your h—do you
have hair?
Clint: Uh, I have a little fringe of hair, yes.
Griffin: A little fringe? What does that even—
Clint: And it‘s caked with shit.
Griffin: What is—
Travis: Where you least expect it!
Griffin: What does that mean?
Clint: A little fringe of hair, like a—
Griffin: You‘ve got a—you‘ve got—it‘s sort of like—
Clint: Like a tonsure, it‘s like a tonsure.
Griffin: It‘s kind of like, uh, how some people get their basketball number
carved in their hair.
Clint: Yeah, yeah.
Griffin: But for you, it‘s just your hair is your basketball number.
Clint: Yeah, and—
Griffin: And what num—what number is that?
Clint: Uh, that would be 26.
Griffin: 26, okay. Thank you for not saying 69.
Clint: Yeah, and listen, I don‘t—I mean, not that it‘s important, but I lost a
lot of blood! Don‘t be worried about me, I‘m fine!
Griffin: Yeah, you guys have not had time to have a short rest. You have
had to book it in order to get to this train on time. So you roll into, uh,
Rockport. It is a, um… it is a city of iron and industry.
Travis: Boop boop boop boop boop boop boop
boop, boop boop boop boop boo!
Griffin: That is built into—what is that?
Travis: Boop boop boop boop boo—that‘s a city on the move!
Griffin: Okay, so… thank you. Um, it is sort of built—
Travis: Rockport, a city on the grow!
Clint: 
Travis: Dun dun dun doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo! Welcome
to lovely downtown Rockport, city of industry!
Clint: And of dreams!
Travis: Home to manufacturers! Boop boop boop boop boop boop boop
boop boop boop boop boo!
Justin: Hey, hey it‘s me, Bing Crosby.
Travis: Creators!
Justin: Y‘know, it‘s me, Bing Crosby, I love every visit to Rockport.
Clint: Scholastic Films presents…
Justin: The people here are so alert, god. And uh, they always make it feel
like a second home to me. Rockport.
Clint: Hey! You look like a little pile of shit, dwarf!
Griffin: Um—
Justin: People always say, hey—
Travis: While visiting Rockport, don‘t fail to visit the museum of
industry! Boop boop boop boop b— 
Griffin: Uh, the three of you are making—
Justin: We don‘t need this train, we can entertain ourselves here.
Griffin: And we don‘t need the rest—you don‘t need me!
Travis: You‘ve grown irrelevant!
Clint: Oh, share the spotlight…
Griffin: I am completely irrelevant. Um, the town of Rockport is built into
the base of one of the mountains that make up the Teeth. It‘s uh, it is… it‘s
huge. This entire range of mountains… imagine like a bunch of Kilimanjaros
just sort of layered, uh, stacked up on top of each other.
Clint: Ooh.
Griffin: Um, and that‘s kind of—yeah, I mean, it‘s pretty majestic! It‘s—
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: It is a majestic mountain range, and the town is built into the base
of it. And sort of in the back of the town, really going into the mountains,
uh, there‘s sort of a main avenue leading straight towards it, uh, is the train
station. So, you guys know basically where you‘re going. You walk by the
Museum of Industry, um—
Travis: Boop boop boop boop boop!
Clint: Come on in!
Griffin: You walk by um, some factories, some buildings that are just all
smokestacks, uh, and—
Clint: Any truck stops where we can grab a quick shower and some jerky or
anything like that?
Griffin: Ah you can try and find a Sheetz if you want, but you may not have
time.
Justin: Fantasy Sheetz.
Griffin: Uh, yeah.
Travis: Character Sheetz.
Griffin: It‘s up to you. If you guys wanna try and find a place to- to clean
your bodies before you uh, before you go—
Justin: I just think it would be smart if we‘re gonna try to run a scam, that
maybe we look halfway presentable.
Travis: Well, listen.
Griffin: Yeah, you got a half hour. You could, uh… yeah, you can try and
look around.
Travis: Where‘s the nearest brothel?
Griffin: Uh…
Justin: Okay. I don‘t see how that‘s gonna help with—
Clint: Good thinking. Good thinking.
Travis: No, because you can get baths at a brothel, or an inn, or something
like that.
Griffin: Um…
Travis: And I figure the place where they‘re gonna ask the least amount of
questions is the brothel.
Justin: Is there somebody around us we can ask?
Clint: With a lot of eye makeup, and like, a beauty mark.
Griffin: Uh, there are a lot of people on this street. It is a busy town.
Justin: Is there somebody around us who just looks like… helpful, or
maybe is wearing armor?
Clint: Maybe Tom Bodett. Is Tom Bodett anywhere in this town?
Justin: Is Tom Bodett literally—
Griffin: There is a—
Travis: Has anyone left a light on for us?
Griffin: There‘s a Ron Bodett who is uh, dressed in a suit of armor in a,
uh… standing in a, uh, police watch box. A what? That‘s not a thing that
exists!
Justin: Yeah.
Clint: Ohh.
Justin: He‘s gonna point us towards Brothel 6.
Clint: I like your creativity. Magnus, talk to him. You got the charisma,
baby.
Griffin: Yes, there is a—there is a constable-looking fellow. What did you
say? What was the person‘s name you were asking about?
Justin: Tom Bodett.
Clint: Tom Bodett.
Griffin: Who is that?
Justin: He‘s the guy—Motel 6, we‘ll leave the light on.
Clint: Motel 6, we‘ll leave the light on. Yeah.
Griffin: Okay, yeah, Tom Bodett is there for some reason. Um, he uh… god, I‘m getting into—
Justin: You gotta be sure to do a good Tom Bodett impression.
Griffin: Okay.
Tom Bodett: Hi, I‘m Tom Bodett, what did you
guys need?
Clint: Yeah, well that‘s really pretty close, yeah.
Tom Bodett: Welcome to Rockport. You guys new here? I‘m actually part
of the- the tourism industry, part of the welcome committee so tell me what
you need to know.
Magnus: Boop boop boop boop boop boop boop
boop boop boop boop boop boo!
Tom Bodett: Oh, so you know our theme song.
Merle: Oh, we were looking for a brothel, officer.
Tom Bodett: A what now?
Magnus: Uh, ignore the shit monster. We‘re looking for a place where we
can bathe in like, a real quick hurry.
Tom Bodett: Uh, that‘s kind of a weird request, but it does seem like you
need it. You guys stink, and one of you looks like—
Magnus: I heard Rockport was a city that welcomes all kinds.
Tom Bodett: Yeah, we do, I guess.
Merle: Including shit monsters.
Tom Bodett: Kind of begrudgingly. We have a bathetorium, and, um—
Magnus: Okay, great! Where‘s that?
Tom Bodett: Uh it‘s about… uh it‘s on the outskirts of town, it‘s about 25
miles out.
Magnus: Well that‘s shitty, Tom Bodett.
Tom Bodett: That‘s probably not gonna cut it. I mean, you guys can come
back to my house if you want. I got like, a hose.
Magnus: Yeah, sounds great.
Merle: Hose. Hose. Good.
Tom Bodett: Sitting right in front of it. Okay.
Merle: How far away is your house?
Tom Bodett: It‘s right here, you‘re right in front of it.
Merle: Oh. Alright!
Taako: I was wondering about the hose, right here, next to your boots.
That explains it.
Griffin: And he uh, he takes you back to his backyard and turns the faucet
on the side of the house on. Uh, the hose has sprung a leak and he‘s like…
Tom Bodett: Aw. Oh no, the hose doesn‘t work, that‘s a shame. You guys
are just—here, just come close to the faucet.
Griffin: And he just starts splashing you.
Travis: He just holds his thumb over it.
Clint: I cast a—I wanna make a duct tape roll.
Griffin: Okay, you uh, put your finger over the holes in the hose, uh, and
start just sort of blasting each other.
Justin: Alright, I cast a cantrip of Mending on the hose and fix it.
Griffin: Okay! That‘s a thing you can do now.
Clint: Ooh! Somebody got serious.
Justin: Just—that‘s just to thank him.
Griffin: Okay.
Tom Bodett: Oh, thanks man.
Taako: Listen, I wanna do something for you, Tom Bodett, from Motel 6
ads. Here, check this out. Fliddily diddily loo!
Tom Bodett: Oh wow, my hose! Thanks, dude. My dad gave me this hose
before he died.
Clint: And he just turned the lights on.
Taako: NP, NP.
Tom Bodett: N what?
Taako: No problem.
Tom Bodett: Oh sorry, I don‘t—internet doesn‘t exist yet.
Taako: Wizard speech.
Tom Bodett: Sure, sure, I‘ve heard of this. Uh, okay, do you guys—
Taako: Wizards talk like internet.
Tom Bodett: Should I hose you guys down, or you wanna take turns doing
each other? I understand we just met and so you may not trust me to…
Magnus: Let‘s all hose each other!
Tom Bodett: M‘kay. I got a sprinkler, too. We could have some fun back
here. You guys aren‘t going anywhere, are you?
Taako: Do you have a, uh—
Travis: Okay, we spray each other real quick, time‘s a wastin‘.
Taako: Do you have like a, one of those wild…
Merle: Oh, those wiggles?
Taako: Wiggle things that spray the water everywhere?
Merle: Ohh…
Magnus: You guys.
Merle: Water wiggles, water wiggles!
Griffin: Okay, yeah, you guys have a brief, uh, 10-minute sprinkler party
with Tom Bodett, uh, in his backyard.
Justin: Does he have a Slip 'n Slide?
Griffin: He doesn‘t have a Slip 'n Slide.
Travis: Okay. Time to go!
Griffin: He did just make a uh—he‘s got the fixin‘s for mimosas.
Tom Bodett: You guys want some mimosas?
Taako: No.
Merle: I want a mimosa.
Magnus: Sorry Tom Bodett, we‘ve gotta get out of here.
Tom Bodett: It‘s not a sprinkler party without mimosas.
Magnus: But we‘ll see you when we come through Rockport again.
Tom Bodett: Does anybody want a… kiss?
Magnus: Yes.
Merle: Uhh…
Travis: I—I hug him.
Taako: We gotta go.
Tom Bodett: Okay, that‘s good enough. It was really great to meet you
guys.
Travis: And I whisper in his ear…
Magnus: I‘ll always love you, Tom Bodett.
Tom Bodett: I don‘t know that that—okay. Well—
Taako: You‘re welcome that we willed you into existence, Tom.
Tom Bodett: Yeah, thank you. I am going to die as soon as you guys
leave.
Merle: Do you think maybe we can s—
Clint: No! C‘mon! Maybe Tom Bodett‘s a big fan of the podcast.
Travis: Oh and as we walk away, he whispers, ―I‘ll see you again, Bureau
of Balance. As he twists his hands together and twirls his mustache.
Griffin: He pulls a red robe—he pulls a red robe over his head and
vanishes. Um, okay, so you are de-stunk. You manage to make it to the
ticket counter of the Rockport train station with minutes to spare. Uh, and
the ticket-taker, who looks mysteriously a lot like Tom Bodett, is like—
Clint: Ah, Don Bodett.
Justin: It‘s like that scene in Wizard of Oz that‘s just the same guy.
Clint: Come on in!
Griffin: Uh, it is actually Tom Bodett, and he says…
Tom Bodett: Oh, weird! You guys are… takin‘ a train. You should've said
something. I didn't know—by the way, I didn‘t catch you guys‘ names. Uh,
what do you guys go by? What are your handles?
Merle: I‘m Leeman Kessler.
Tom Bodett: Okay! it‘s nice to—
Merle: I believe there‘s already a ticket for me.
Tom Bodett: There is, yeah! Uh, and we are—we are holding some of your
cargo, as well. Let me get that.
Griffin: He reaches down underneath the desk, and pulls out a shimmering,
almost platinum-esque ticket that he slides through the—there‘s a window
that he is behind with a small gap in it. He slides it through the gap and
hands it to you. He says, uh…
Tom Bodett: Mr. Kessler, you‘re really going to uh… you‘re gonna enjoy
the journey. Are these two coming with you?
Merle: The, uh, these are my retainers.
Tom Bodett: Okay.
Merle: This is Bo, and that‘s Diddley. And uh, we—
Tom Bodett: Which one‘s which?
Merle: Uh, the short one that has kinda a vague look in his eyes, that‘s Bo.
Tom Bodett: M‘kay, but you‘ve just described neither of th—they‘re about
the same height, and both of them look relatively vague.
Merle: Okay, the one who is pretending to be a wizard is Bo. And the one—
Taako: I‘m Leon Kessler.
Tom Bodett: Are you guys related?
Merle: Uh, he spells his with two—uh, with an O. He said Leon, and that‘s
my twin brother, who works for me.
Taako: Are you Leon?
Merle: I‘m Leeman.
Taako: Oh, you—you‘re Lee—
Tom Bodett: I thought you said—I thought you said Leeman… okay.
Magnus: Hey dawg, we gotta go. If you‘ll excuse us…
Taako: I, I—my name is—
Tom Bodett: I‘m really glad that the three of you are the people who you
say you are, because if you were doing some sort of ruse right now—
Merle: Nooo!
Tom Bodett: —it‘d be very, very poorly constructed.
Merle: Nooo.
Magnus: Goodness, no.
Tom Bodett: So Leeman, Leon, and Diddley?
Taako: My name is Flan Bodett.
Tom Bodett: Okay. I‘m gonna… let‘s just go—
Travis: Magnus gives Taako a thumbs up.
Taako: I—I panicked.
Tom Bodett: We‘re gonna stop for a second. We‘re gonna stop for a
second. We‘re just gonna stop for a second, and we‘re just gonna go down
the line. I‘m gonna point at you, and you‘re gonna tell me what your name
is. Obviously, Leeman Kessler…
Griffin: He points at you, uh, Merle.
Merle: That‘s me! I‘m Leeman Kessler.
Tom Bodett: Yep. Got that one.
Griffin: He points at Magnus.
Tom Bodett: You‘re… you are?
Magnus: Mm-hmm, yes, go on?
Merle: Leeroy, tell him, Leeroy Kessler.
Magnus: No, I‘m—I‘m, I‘m Diddley Kessler.
Tom Bodett: You‘re Diddley, that‘s what I thought. And, uh, you, uh,
wizardly looking fellow?
Taako: Justin.
Clint: That‘s deep cover.
Tom Bodett: Perfect. Perfect. Okay, Justin, Leeman, and Diddley. Diddley
and Justin, you guys have your own tickets? I‘m… I‘m hoping. Please. God.
Merle: Oh, no, uh, look at mine very carefully.
Magnus: Yes, yes we do.
Merle: Look at the shiny thing in my hand.
Tom Bodett: Yeah I gave that to you, it‘s not—
Merle: Yeah, but just watch it.
Tom Bodett: —psychic paper.
Justin: I cast Charm Person on Tom Bodett.
Griffin: M‘kay. That‘s just sort of—that‘s sort of like the only arrow in your quiver
when it comes to handling Bodetts. Non-playable Bodetts.
Clint: That phrase has never been uttered.
Justin: Y‘know what‘s unfortunate? Y‘know what‘s funny, is that we were
able to charm the last Bodett with just charm. This Bodett is too wily for me,
I‘m gonna have to use magical charm.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, how does that work?
Travis: Griffin, can I make a, um… I guess it‘s a perception check, to find
out if I know if Rockport is just populated by all Tom Bodetts?
Griffin: It‘s like House of Wax. They‘re all animatronically—
Travis: I rolled a 16.
Griffin: Yep, it‘s all Bodetts.
Travis: Okay, it‘s Bodetts all the way down.
Griffin: Um… but those Bodetts know how to run a city, 'cause this place is
immaculate. Okay, so you are casting it—what do I do?
Justin: So, I‘m gonna attempt to charm a humanoid. Uh, Tom‘s gonna
make a wisdom saving throw. I am—I assume that you have already set a
wisdom level for Tom Bodett, Motel 6 pitch man.
Clint: It‘s gotta be a six!
Justin: It‘s gotta be six.
Griffin: Uh, it actually is a six, so uh, good luck!
Travis: I‘ve heard him on 'Wait Wait… Don‘t Tell Me!‘, he‘s pretty
intelligent.
Griffin: I‘m trying to roll a—er, a 14, right? Is that what I‘m trying to beat?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: M‘kay. Ah shit, I rolled a six, that‘s 12, not going to do it, he‘s
charmed.
Tom Bodett: Heyyy.
Travis: What is up?
Tom Bodett: Do you, uh…
Clint: What can I do for you guys?
Tom Bodett: You guys want a kiss?
Merle: … Uh, tickets! Uh, my—my retainers need tickets.
Tom Bodett: I already gave you mine, and they seem to have their own
already.
Magnus: Yep.
Merle: Okay.
Magnus: Uh, we just need the cargo, and then we‘re gonna get on the
plane. Or train? Automobile?
Tom Bodett: Can I just say—can I say something? And this might sound
weird. But I think the three of you are exactly who you‘re tellin‘ me you are.
And I don‘t know—again, it seems like a weird thing to say, but I am… just
so charmed by you.
Merle: Nothin‘ weird there.
Taako: It‘s all normal.
Merle: By the way, we got a sleeper car, right?
Tom Bodett: Uh, you do, yeah, and a seat in the uh, the passenger train
as well. So…
Taako: Comp us some snacks.
Tom Bodett: Okay?
Griffin: He uh, slides some Melba toast, just unpackaged, through the
glass. And he‘s like—
Tom Bodett: I was gonna have these as a lunchtime treat, but it seems
like you—
Clint: I wanna use Detect Magic to see if it‘s magic Melba?
Griffin: Isn‘t all Melba toast pretty fucking magical to begin with?
Justin: Can I—can I roll to see if I get horrifically
depressed by the idea that Tom Bodett consid—considers Melba toast to be a
fun snack?
Griffin: Well no, because it‘s transformative. You can do anything with it.
What do you got? You—you can—I‘m afraid to say foodstuff now 'cause Dad
has me fucking paranoid that every time I say a food thing he‘ll be like, ―Oh
well that goes on— 
Clint: Good, you should be, dungeon master!
Griffin: It‘s just, I didn‘t expect one of you to be so vigilant for—for texmex.
Clint: Well, just get used to it.
Justin: That‘s actually Dad in real life. You cannot drive past a tex-mex
place, he‘s like ―Hey hey hey! 
Travis: ―Whoa, whoa, slow down! Slow down! 
Griffin: Uh, he says—he pops open the back door of his ticket booth and
says, uh…
Tom Bodett: You guys are actually the last ones to uh, board, so if you
want, I can walk you to the platform.
Magnus: And then go home and slowly die.
Tom Bodett: Go home to my Bodett wife. And my Bodett kids.
Merle: Bernadette Bodett.
Justin: This is the weirdest episode ever.
Griffin: Yup! Uh, he—
Merle: Let‘s get on the train.
Griffin: He starts to walk you through the train station, yes, uh—
Magnus: We need the cargo.
Tom Bodett: Yes, Leeman, what are you, uh what, what—what are you,
uh, what takes you to Neverwinter today?
Merle: Um, a combination of business and pleasure.
Tom Bodett: Oh! Bispleasure, huh? I‘ve heard of that.
Merle: Yeah.
Tom Bodett: Pleas-ness. Pleas-ness, huh?
Merle: Yeah…
Tom Bodett: Uh—
Merle: Yeah, I gotta keep 'em pretty close to the vest. You understand,
don‘t you Tom?
Tom Bodett: Now Leeman, we‘ve already received your cargo and we have
it locked away in the uh, in the cargo car, so that‘s not gonna be an issue.
That‘s gonna get there safe and sound. Um, it was rated as a high priority 
item, and so it‘s kinda protocol for me to, uh, walk our VIP passengers
through the security process.
Merle: Oh, yeah.
Tom Bodett: Yeah, if you‘ll just come with me.
Griffin: He, he takes you into the station. It is a, uh… it‘s a… I mean, it‘s a
cavern, right? It‘s carved into the foot of the Teeth, uh, one of the
mountains of the Teeth. But it‘s not, uh, it‘s not as drab as you would expect
a cave to be. It‘s actually very well lit with some fountains and uh—
Clint: A newsstand kiosk.
Griffin: Some trees grow— a newsstand kiosk inside. Um, and in the middle
of this uh, the entryway into this station is uh, is one of the cargo cars of
this train, that is non-operational. It‘s not on a track, it‘s just sort of up on a
pedestal. And Bodett walks you over to the car and pops open the caboose
door and is like…
Tom Bodett: Come on in! I‘ll show you around.
Merle: 'Kay.
Tom Bodett: This is the uh, this is the cargo car that is on all of our trains.
Uh, it‘ll be on the Rockport Limited when you take it to Neverwinter. As you
can see there‘s no windows in the car. Keeps it very secure from marauders.
Most of the line runs through the mountains, so we‘re not especially worried
about train jumpers, if you will. Uh—
Taako: Have you, uh… have you had any incidents recently?
Tom Bodett: Never. We have never lost a piece of cargo, we have never
lost anything that we have locked away. Uh, and that is because…
Griffin: He says, uh…
Tom Bodett: … of this thing.
Griffin: And he points to the middle of the car, is a five by five foot onyx
cube.
Clint: An Amish cube. That sounds so cool.
Griffin: Onyx cube that is built into the floor of this train. Um, he says, uh…
Tom Bodett: This is a crypt safe. Uh, and it is—
Magnus: Mm-hmm. A Crypt-keeper, if you will.
Tom Bodett: Uh, if you want to be that way. If you wanna be that guy,
sure.
Magnus: If you wanna be like that.
Tom Bodett: This is indestructible. Nobody‘s gonna be smashing into a
crypt safe anyway, any time soon. Uh, and it is also—
Magnus: May I test that?
Tom Bodett: Uh, if you want, but don‘t use a weapon that you like to do it.
Magnus: Nevermind.
Merle: Yes, don‘t.
Tom Bodett: Uh, what makes this special is, it‘s time-locked, meaning only
a Rockport Limited can open it with one hour of sustained physical contact.
So it‘s not like a—even if a robber somehow did manage to get onboard, or if
somebody managed to pass our screening process and get onboard a train,
uh, they are not going to be able to pop this thing open. They would need
somebody who works here to do so, and they would need to stand there for,
uh, an hour, which just simply would not happen! It is the safest way to
get your shit from point A to point B.
Magnus: Does that really slow down the luggage unloading process?
Tom Bodett: Uh, by about an hour, yes. So in that sense, it‘s… but, the
train makes a 200-mile journey in four hours, and you would be, uh, hardpressed to, uh, find a form of transportation that is going to
be that expedient, um… in the world, so…
Merle: Well, Tom, I‘m sure, I mean, since I‘ve done this many times
before—
Tom Bodett: Yeah!
Merle: —you have some kind of back door method for me to check, just to
make sure that my uh, my merchandise is safe. So, go ahead and—
Tom Bodett: Well, it‘s already loaded. It‘s loaded onto the actual train, and
once we put it into the crypt safe it actually becomes the property of the
Rockport Limited until the train has made its—reached its final destination.
Merle: Ah, I see.
Tom Bodett: That unfortunately will not be possible, but it—believe me, it
is in, not only good hands… the best hands.
Merle: Mmm.
Magnus: Okay! Sounds great.
Merle: Sounds good. Doesn‘t really. It doesn‘t sound good at all.
It‘s a setup for something. This is bad.
Taako: No, it‘s bad.
Tom Bodett: Um… Did—no, I heard all of that.
Magnus: Shhh! Tom, you‘re still charmed.
Merle: You‘re charmed.
Magnus: Put your fingers in your ears.
Tom Bodett: And can I tell—can I say something? I loved it! I love your caution, um, and I love just how suspicious you‘re
all being.
Merle: Now, now, listen, Tom. when we‘re all done, when we‘re completely
done with you—
Tom Bodett: We will kiss.
Merle: We want you to—
Tom Bodett: Sorry?
Merle: No, we want you to step in front of the next train that is coming by,
okay?
Magnus: No!
Merle: Is that okay?
Taako: Oh my god!
Merle: If—if you don‘t mind doing that for us.
Tom Bodett: You need me to… to step…
Magnus: No! We can‘t kill Tom Bodett!
Merle: No, yeah, yeah.
Tom Bodett: You need me to step—
Merle: You‘ll love it. It‘s a once—
Magnus: He‘s got little Bodetts at home!
Tom Bodett: What happens when I do it?
Merle: Oh! It‘s a once-in-a-lifetime experience!
Magnus: No! Merle, you‘re a cleric! You‘re supposed—
Justin: Dad, why—why‘s our dad putting a kill switch in beloved
pitchman, Tom Bodett?
Travis: We can‘t kill Tom Bodett!
Clint: I have a feeling!
Griffin: Okay. Uh… You hear from outside the train, ―All aboard! And Tom
Bodett goes…
Tom Bodett: Well… Time to… Time to go, I guess. I‘ll show you guys to your
seats, and—
Merle: Alright, alright. Wait, wait. Let me clarify. Let me clarify.
Tom Bodett: Yeah?
Merle: Not a moving train. Just step in front of a train, wave goodbye, and
then step off the tracks.
Tom Bodett: Okay, that seems weird. Weirder even, then… but let‘s uh,
let‘s get you guys uh, situated.
Clint: This is gonna come back and bite us in the ass. I know it.
Justin: Not killing Tom Bodett?
Clint: You‘ll see.
Griffin: Tom Bodett... hold on wait! Rearrange the letters! Voldemort?
What?!
Travis: Uh, so real quick before you go, uh, we just want to remind you,
before MaxFunDrive ends, which is just in a couple days, this is your
opportunity to go to MaximumFun.org/Donate. Choose a level of donation
you're able to do. Five, ten, 20, $35, $100, or 200. Get the awesome pledge
gifts, gifts like all the exclusive bonus content, the drive-exclusive tote bag,
um, the uh, the in-flight survival kit, um… all of that awesome, awesome
stuff.
Go to MaximumFun.org/Donate. Choose the shows you listen to. Support the
network. Become a member of MaximumFun.org. Feel superior. Tell your
friends how much better than them you are now, because you have become
a contributing member of society. You're no longer—
Griffin: And what the fuck have they ever done?
Justin: Yeah. And listen—
Travis: They‘re nothing compared to you.
Justin: I feel like we haven‘t hit this enough. If you don‘t log on to make a
pledge gift right now and say that you listen to The Adventure Zone, then
our daddy won't get any money.
Clint: And I'll never get to go to MaxFunCon.
Travis: Never.
Justin: And we really want our daddy to get some money. So please help
our daddy get some money.
Clint: I need money!
Justin: Please give our daddy some money.
Travis: For just pennies a day, you could give our daddy some money. Look at his big eyes.
Justin: Keep our daddy from killing Tom Bodett, please. Give our daddy
some money.
Travis: For just pennies a day, you could keep our dad from murdering
Tom Bodett. 
Clint: We will spare—you either donate, or Tom Bodett dies!
Justin: Make sure to pass this along to Tom Bodett, who just has a vested
interest.
Griffin: We should make it clear, Federal Bureau of Investigation, that
we‘re talking about the fantasy Tom Bodett that we just invented in the
game. In no way is this a confession letter.
Clint: Well, okay.
Justin: Wait a minute, why didn‘t we—why didn‘t we keep a beloved
character hostage? That‘s The Adventure Zone MaxFunDrive 2016, where
there was this much—
Griffin: Okay. Taako.
Justin: Ohh, no.
Clint: Ohh.
Justin: Not Taako, he‘s essential.
Griffin: Taako is dangling over a pit of sharks.
Clint: No, let me tell you who it needs to be… the much-beloved Davenport.
Justin: Davenport. Yeah.
Clint: Everybody loves Davenport.
Travis: Listen, before we get off the subject… we want to say thank you.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for enjoying our show, hopefully, and all
the other wonderful Max Fun shows. If you are a member, you can up your
donation, or even better, or equally as good, I would say, is encourage your
friends. Encourage other people you know who listen. Or just people on
Facebook and Twitter and say, ―Hey, I'm a supporter of this, and you should
be, too. 
If you're not a supporter, there‘s no better time of the year to become a Max
Fun donor than right now, so you get all the awesome stuff, the feeling of
superiority, and our eternal gratitude. So go to MaximumFun.org/Donate,
then get on Facebook and Twitter, tell us about it so we can thank you, and
y'know, just in advance. We‘ll go ahead and say it now. Thank you. Thank
you for becoming a donor, and thank you for listening. Thank you for
everything.
Griffin: Thank you. Seriously, for real, though. For real, though, if we‘re
being serious… hey, thanks.
Justin: I'm Justin McElroy, and we‘ll leave the light on for you.
Travis: Maybe.
Justin: Maybe.

[BAL12]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Director: Secure passage on this train. One of you will need to be Leeman
Kessler. You will need to retrieve the relic, and get it back to us any way
that you can.
Clint: Is Tom Bodett anywhere in this town?
Justin: Is Tom Bodett literally—
Travis: Has anyone left a light on for us?
Griffin: You manage to make it to the ticket counter.
Merle: I‘m Leeman Kessler.
Magnus: I‘m—I‘m Diddley Kessler.
Tom Bodett: You‘re Diddley, that‘s what I thought. And you, wizardly
looking fellow?
Taako: Justin. I cast charm person on Tom Bodett.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Merle: We want you to step in front of the next train that is coming by,
okay?
Travis: No!
Merle: Is that okay?
Justin: Oh my god!
Merle: If you don‘t mind doing that for us…
Tom Bodett: You need me to step—
Griffin: Uh, you hear from outside the train, ―All aboard! And Tom Bodett
goes…
Tom Bodett: Well… Time to… time to go, I guess.
Announcer: Come on, ride the train. It‘s the choo choo and ride it! It‘s the Adventure Zone!
Griffin: So, the three of you have just checked in with Tom Bodett—one of
the Tom Bodetts, one of the many, many animatronic Tom Bodetts that
occupy Rockport. Uh, and have boarded the train. You walk in through a
door to the main passenger car compartment.
Travis: Griffy, is this train luxurious, or is it, like, utilitarian?
Griffin: It is fully luxuried out. It is the Lexus of fantasy trains. I‘m
talking—
Justin: Thank goodness.
Griffin: I‘m talking gilded. It‘s gilded with gold. It‘s, uh—
Travis: Gilded with gold, you say?
Griffin: It‘s, uh…
Justin: Fine thing to gild with.
Griffin: It‘s gilded with uh, silver and platinum—
Justin: Just gold. No.
Griffin: No.
Clint: No.
Justin: Gold‘s the only thing you can gild with.
Travis: Can‘t gild with anything else.
Griffin: Watch me! Watch me. It‘s, it‘s bedazzled with electrum. It‘s a—yeah, it‘s a really nice
train.
Justin: Smell good?
Griffin: Smells great. Posh interior, soft seats, uh, shag carpeting, which is
weird… but it‘s like, nice shag carpeting.
Justin: Right.
Griffin: Uh, so, you walk in through the main passenger entrance, into the
passenger car, and there waiting for you is a very tall, very finely dressed 
elven man, who is wearing a Rockport Limited uniform. He has a mustache
which is rare for elves, not typically known for their, uh, bodacious facial
hair, but there you are. And this man looks down at you as you are boarding
the train, and says…
Elf: Tickets and weapons, please.
Merle: Ah.
Taako: No problem. Um, is it okay if I keep my umbrella in case of a
storm?
Elf: Well, yeah, it‘s not—yeah, I wouldn‘t typically consider that to be a
weapon. Can I see your tickets please, though?
Magnus: Yes.
Taako: Here you go.
Merle: Yes! Here‘s mine.
Griffin: He snatches them all up.
Justin: Griffin, do we have tickets? Oh, we did get tickets.
Griffin: Yeah, you did get tickets.
Travis: Hoo, that was close! I almost had to kill him!
Griffin: He snatches them up.
Elf: Oh, Leeman Kessler! Oh, yes, I understand we are carrying a, uh… a
very precious piece of cargo for you in the caboose.
Magnus: Yes, take good care of his package.
Merle: 
Elf: Terrific. This is kind of a fancy train, so if we could—
Merle: Yeah!
Elven Man: —maybe watch that stuff. Uh, my name is…
Griffin: Wait for it…
Travis: Tom Bodett.
Elf: My name is—
Travis: My name is Lazy DM.
Justin: Did you know that there‘s only one real Tom Bodett, and the rest
are Tom Fauxdetts? It‘s true.
Hudson: Uh. My name is Hudson. I am the engineer of this train. Welcome
aboard. We‘re happy to have you. We know that you have lots of choices to
pick from for subterranean inter-city travel here, but uh—and we sure do
appreciate the fact that you picked us.
Magnus: Well, we tried to get on the Rockport Unlimited, but it was full.
Hudson: That train is a little too extreme for most people. It doesn‘t even
go on rails. It just sort of—they just sort of off-road it.
Magnus: Well, where doesn‘t it go?
Hudson: Uh, well, it doesn‘t get to its destination, usually. It usually
crashes and it‘s pretty terrible. Uh, but thank you for joining us. Uh, who are
your compatriots here?
Merle: Uh, my compatriots?
Hudson: Oh, my god.
Justin: Oh no.
Merle: Aye, Leeman has a Scottish accent!
Magnus: No, he doesn‘t!
Hudson: Okay…
Clint: Yes, he does!
Travis: Wait, let me check my notes here… he does not!
Clint: No, it‘s right here in my
character sheet!
Hudson: That‘s interesting, because the Leeman I spoke to—
Justin: I keep turning down his volume, and it keep—I swear to god, it
keeps getting louder.
Griffin: I think Dad has hacked into your mainframe.
Travis: He‘s become self-aware!
Hudson: You all are in luck. This is uh, this is actually not a very full train.
You‘ll have your pick of seating in the passenger car. You have your own
room, uh—
Taako: I didn‘t introduce myself!
Hudson: Oh, sorry, yes, go right ahead.
Taako: I have a name as well!
Hudson: Terrific.
Clint: And feelings.
Taako: Good day to you. Thank you for having me on your choo choo.
Hudson: Are you disembarking? We haven‘t even left the station yet.
Taako: I need to find a seat that has a comfort… equitable… to my…
situation!
Clint: Big rump.
Hudson: I appreciate your fancy speech. Um, that is, that is how we, uh—
Taako: Gratuities to you…
Hudson: Uh—
Taako: … for the compliment.
Hudson: Uh, now I will be in here—
Griffin: And he points to the uh, the engine car to, uh, to his right at the
head of the train. The engine car—the entrance to the car is a very highsecurity, heavy, metal door with a, like, window slot in it for him to look out.
But it is—it‘s a very secure door, and he says…
Hudson: I will be in here for the duration of the trip. Uh, I won‘t
be coming out, as just a security measure. Uh, if somebody were to take the
helm of this train, they could—I mean, they could drive it—
Travis: Is this, possibly, foreshadowing?
Clint: Or rampant paranoia?
Travis: I‘m tellin‘ you guys. Trust me. Oh, it could happen!
Hudson: The, uh, Mountain Train Security Agency protocols demand that I
stay in the engine for the duration of the trip, uh, with no visitors. I‘m sure
some of you would like to learn how a choo choo works—
Magnus: I‘d like to sit on your lap.
Hudson: Well, and I—
Magnus: Maybe steer a little bit.
Hudson: You are not alone in that desire. But unfortunately, it‘s engineers
only in the engine. Uh, and after the trip, I will escort you to the crypt safe
in the caboose, and I will help you retrieve your, uh… your package. Uh, but
from that point on, it‘s in your hands.
Taako: Sorry, uh, just to clarify, where was the package again?
Hudson: The package is in the caboose, I don‘t—
Merle: ―The package is in the caboose! 
Magnus: Thank you very much, we‘ll be retiring to our rooms now.
Hudson: Okay, well. This was a great talk, and… I feel like if other people were listening to this conversation - say,
thousands and thousands of people - they would put their, uh, listening
apparatus down, and they would go, ―Wow, that was a good recorded
conversation I just listened to. 
Clint: And then puncture their own ear drums.
Hudson: And if, say, those listeners had, uh, somehow paid money to
support our conversation, they would say, ―Yes, I have chosen to spend my
money wisely, and I feel great about my life and my decisions. Um, but see
you later! Smell you later!
Griffin: He says.
Hudson: Yeah, before you go, I just need to, uh, grab your weapons from
you. Uh, these will also be locked up in the, uh, vault, and we‘ll be returning
them to you as soon as we reach our final destination.
Magnus: But my whole body is a weapon. You see, I‘ve trained myself—
Hudson: Listen—
Clint: Thank you, Barney Fife.
Hudson: You‘re—are you one of those magic flesh swords?
Magnus: I am.
Hudson: I‘ve heard about those, where uh, a young witch kisses a sword,
and it turns into a human man.
Magnus: It was something like that.
Hudson: I read about that in my Penthouse magazine.
Magnus: I never believed it would happen to me.
Hudson: Uh, no, I just—just give me those weapons, and I‘ll lock 'em right
up. Put 'em right in the car. You‘ll never know that they were missing.
Unless you need them. But you won‘t. Super safe train.
Clint: Hmm.
Magnus: I do hold on to my glove, though.
Hudson: Which one?
Magnus: My gauntlet.
Hudson: Yeah, that‘s fine. What could you possibly do with a gauntlet?
Magnus: Well it keeps in— I have Smelly Hand Syndrome.
Hudson: Oh my god, me too. I didn‘t think I‘d ever meet another.
Griffin: He pulls off uh, the, uh, leather glove that he has over his left
hand, and—
Taako: Oh god! Whoo!
Griffin: —it stinks. There‘s a stink to it that, uh, it almost seems
supernatural, almost as if he‘s been cursed, uh, on his hand.
Magnus: I mean, that‘s pretty bad, I guess.
Hudson: Can I, let me try—can I have a whiff of your brand?
Magnus: Unfortunately, no. Um, there was a law passed that I was not
allowed to remove my gauntlet.
Hudson: I just made—I made myself very vulnerable just then.
Taako: Let the man smell your hand!
Merle: Smell his hand. Give him your hand.
Magnus: I, um… I can‘t do that. I‘m not at that point in my therapy yet.
Hudson: Well, god, fine!
Griffin: He says, and, uh, takes up your weapons. Are you handing your
weapons to him or not?
Travis: Yes!
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Yeah, I‘ll give him Smasher and Little Choppy.
Justin: And I cast, just as he‘s leaving, I cast, uh, prestidigitation on
Travis‘s hands to give them a terrible odor.
Griffin: Okay.
Hudson: Oh my god!
Griffin: He says.
Hudson: Wh—how did that—can you control your hand stink? It‘s almost as
if you‘ve just emitted a cloud.
Magnus: There‘s a valve on the glove.
Hudson: Oh, terrific! Is that like a—ooh, is that like a crime-fighting tool?
Magnus: No.
Hudson: Like, like stinky hand knock-out gas, and you shoot it out of your
finger.
Magnus: It‘s more just, like, a relationship-ender.
Hudson: Oh. Well, not for me, man.
Magnus: Wait, wait, did you find women who were into this? Is there a
chat room I can join?
Hudson: No, I‘m just saying I‘m feeling—I‘m feeling you. As a buddy. As a
friend. Anyway, your weapons will be waiting for you when you, uh, when 
we reach Neverwinter. Until then, maybe keep the valve closed, 'cause not
everyone‘s gonna… not everyone likes getting high on your own supply.
Magnus: Got it.
Griffin: Uh, and he walks into the engine compartment, and the door slams
closed, and you hear a heavy 'clunk‘. And, uh, yeah. That‘s it for the
engineer character. What did you guys think of him? Scale of one to ten.
Clint: I liked—I thought he had good motivation, I thought, uh, his
character development was good.
Griffin: So, walking through the passenger car, you only see three other
passengers on this ride. And they‘re not sitting together. They don‘t seem to
know each other, they‘re not conversing, they‘re all just sort of doing their
own little things. Uh, one of them is a stout, dwarven woman with the
largest muscles you‘ve ever seen on a living person. Um, she looks kind of—
Travis: Wait, hold on! Magnus is in the room.
Griffin: Well, yeah. Deal with it.
Travis: Oh. Oh no.
Griffin: Uh, she looks—she‘s kind of fidgeting, looking out the window. She
just kind of looks a little bit uncomfortable. Um, sitting about two rows
behind her and on the other side of the car is a young boy, who is wearing a
fancy-boy suit.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: And a—a blue fancy boy cap. Uh, dressed up very fancily.
Travis: Can I roll, um, insight to see how fancy?
Griffin: Yeah, sure, if you want.
Travis: Uh, that‘s a 17. Oh, sorry, yes.
Griffin: Oh my god, yeah. Make sure to really add this up.
Travis: Oh it‘s a 16, it‘s a minus one.
Griffin: Oh, a minus one. Then you die. God, Travis, if only you—in trying to discern his fanciness, your
nose just starts bleeding, and you fall over.
Clint: You‘re fancied to death.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, no, he‘s fresh to death. He looks very fancy. Um, like a
schoolboy, but fancy. And he‘s reading a book like a schoolboy would do,
and he‘s a fancy young man. And then, sitting a couple rows behind him is
a, uh, round, young, human man with a great big bushy beard.
Justin: A great big bushy beard!
Griffin: And uh, he‘s wearing some sort of trashy wizard‘s robes. They‘re
not as, uh—
Justin: You mean like bad, or you mean like trashy sexy? Some
mesh in the sleeves—
Griffin: It‘s both, actually. It‘s—
Travis: You can see the electric tape over his nipples.
Griffin: No, it‘s—I mean, it‘s—it covers all his essential, uh, oils, but he—it
does say ―Juicy on the back of the robe. Where his butt would be.
Travis: Are we on a train to Jersey?
Griffin: Yes. Neverwinter is in New Jersey. Not a lot of people, um, know
that. This is, like, an alt-America, sort of like Dark Tower, um, I should‘ve
pointed out, so, um… No, that‘s not true. Please don‘t buy into that at all.
Uh, yeah, that is the passenger car as you continue walking back to, y‘know,
set down your personal effects in your sleeper car.
As you, as you pass through the chamber connecting the two cars, you open
up the door to the sleeper car, and another elf is there. Another fairly tall
elven man is there, wearing the garb, wearing the uniform for the Rockport
Limited. He is also wearing a sort of technicolor bowtie that‘s like, prismatic,
and shifting in hues. Um, and he looks down at you, and he comes up with a
voice for himself very quickly.
Elf: Hello. Oh, new passengers. I… haven‘t met you. Welcome—
Griffin: What is this?
Travis: ―I instantly regret this voice. 
Griffin: ―Mm hello, welcome. There it is.
Travis: He sounds like Mike Myers.
Clint: Sounds like Vincent Price.
Griffin: I found it.
Elf: Hello, welcome to the train.
Justin: ―I‘m Mike Myers as Lorne Michaels having a stroke. 
Jenkins: I‘m doing my best. Welcome to—
Justin: 
Jenkins: Are you making fun of my voice?
Justin: He‘s melting!
Magnus: He‘s getting sadder in front of our eyes!
Justin: Who dumped a bucket of water on this guy?
Elven Man: How could I be sad? I‘ve got new passengers—
Jenkins: Goddammit, can I talk? Welcome to the train. My name‘s Jenkins. Can I help you find your
seats? Or your—where to put your luggage? Man, I don‘t know.
Taako: I like your tie, Jenkins. Tell me about it.
Jenkins: This is my—my flair. We all get to wear one piece of flair on
Tuesdays.
Magnus: What does it do?
Taako: What‘s it do? What‘s its thing?
Magnus: Tell me all about it, stud!
Jenkins: It looks amazing.
Magnus: Well, yes!
Jenkins: It doesn‘t possess any curative properties, or, what—who are
you?
Magnus: Does it spin?
Jenkins: Stop, stop.
Magnus: I wanna unfold this bowtie thing.
Jenkins: Wait, stop. Let‘s start over. Hello, I‘m Jenkins. I‘m the wizard attendant on the Rockport Limited. I will, uh, help
you with your bags.
Travis: I reach out slowly to touch his bowtie.
Jenkins: O…kay, you can… touch it, I guess. Light surface—
Magnus: You can—you can keep going.
Jenkins: Um, a light surface level touch would be preferred.
Travis: I really—I really get in there.
Merle: Are you an attendant who‘s a wizard, or
are you an attendant for a wizard?
Jenkins: I am a wizard who attends to your needs on the train. You let me
know if you have any questions. I can take your bags, and I have a few
other luxury services I can provide.
Griffin: My voice is, like, shot from this weekend, and it‘s really—I, like—we
have to record all of—
Travis: No one made you do this voice, Griffin.
Griffin: This needs to—I‘m just saying, we need to do a series wrap on
Jenkins in this episode, 'cause I don‘t think I‘m gonna be able to do him next
week.
Travis: I kill Jenkins!
Jenkins: Thank you, you‘ve set—uh, I have a few luxury services I can
provide to you. I can take you into one of our pleasure rooms.
Merle: Ew.
Taako: I‘m cool.
Magnus: No thank you!
Jenkins: It‘s not—
Merle: Nope! Pass.
Jenkins: Oh, gentlemen, it‘s not nearly as salacious as I made it sound. It‘s
just when I say things with my voice, it always sounds like I‘m talking about
slow sex.
Magnus: Jenkins, I‘ve just noticed, I think your bowtie is too tight!
Travis: I loosen it slightly.
Magnus: Does that help?
Jenkins: Oh my god, thank you, guys!
Jenkins: A witch kissed me, and it cursed my— No, that‘s a joke, this is—
Clint: Can we level up for that? That was great.
Jenkins: I feel very comfortable with this voice now, yes.
Travis: Now it‘s like an old pair of shoes.
Griffin: Um, he helps you all unload your luggage into your sleeper car. Uh,
there‘s uh… there‘s a triple bunk bed. It‘s basically like a big ol‘
Neapolitan ice cream sandwich of dudes, and you feel like the smell in there
is gonna get pretty ripe pretty fast. It‘s not a very big car. But he helps you
load up, and uh, starts to show you around the train. Uh, so he says…
Jenkins: This is the sleeper car. Well, hold on. Sorry, I hit my R very hard
there. So, uh, this of course is the sleeper car. You will, uh, you can rest
in here. The trip will take about three hours once the train departs, which it
should any minute, so you won‘t need a full night‘s sleep. But if you‘re
feeling nappy, this is a place where, historically, people sleep.
Magnus: Jenkins, can I ask you a question?
Jenkins: I‘m not finished.
Magnus: Okay.
Jenkins: What you‘re going to want to do is place the pillow underneath
your head.
Taako: We know how to go to sleep, darling!
Jenkins: Just checking. I‘m here to serve, to attend to your every need.
So, you‘re all set on blankets.
Merle: Yeah.
Magnus: We actually need extra pillows. I sleep with a pillow between my
knees and between my elbows and behind my head and under my feet, if I
could get—
Griffin: So we‘re—we‘re gonna do this now, huh? We‘re gonna air this right
now?
Travis: I prescribe to the Griffin McElroy sleeping method.
Griffin: I need to build myself a fucking exosuit of pillows, and I‘m not,
like—I‘m not, like, proud of it. Like, yeah, I am embarrassed about it, and it
makes trips with my family a living hell.
Travis: A pillowy hell.
Justin: You go into a room you‘re sharing with Griffin, then you look for a
pillow, there‘s just none there. He‘s absorbed them all.
Griffin: Yeah. I need them for strength and energy. Uh, Jenkins says, uh…
Jenkins: Now, of course, the car that you passed through coming in was
the passenger car, and that is a car that is great for sitting.
Magnus: Now, Jenkins, I saw a—
Merle: Thank you, Captain Obvious.
Magnus: I saw a dwarven woman in there, and I swear I recognized her,
and I can‘t remember her name, and I don‘t want that awkward moment,
you know what I mean? Do you have any information on her?
Jenkins: I‘m not supposed to share privileged information—
Magnus: Come on, Jenkins…
Jenkins: —regarding the identity of—
Merle: Give him some—give him a bribe! Give him some
money!
Jenkins: We run a very discreet travel service, um…
Magnus: Jenkins…
Jenkins: … for…
Merle: Jenkins!
Magnus: Come on!
Merle: Jenkins…
Taako: Remember the thing with the tie?
Magnus: Remember…?
Jenkins: When you touched my tie, despite my request that you did not,
and—
Taako: No, we freed you—
Merle: And it helped you out and felt good.
Jenkins: That is a—
Taako: We freed that beautiful instrument of yours.
Merle: Jenky…
Jenkins: Okay, okay, but you didn‘t hear this from me.
Magnus: Okay.
Jenkins: Uh, have you ever heard of, uh, Jess the Beheader?
Magnus: Oh!
Merle: Hmm.
Magnus: Uh-huh.
Merle: WWE, right?
Jenkins: She is a famous Midworld Wrestling Federation star. Of course, I
don‘t know why they call it wrestling, because it is a blood sport. Uh, there‘s
not much grappling as there is, uh, y‘know, deadly melee. But, um…
Merle: You wrestle with your conscience after you kill somebody.
Jenkins: Yes, and she has a very particular way of dispatching her foes.
Taako: Let me guess!
Magnus: Is it possibly—
Jenkins: What‘s that?
Magnus: She un-heads them.
Taako: She cuts their butt off.
Jenkins: Yes. Well…
Taako: Did I get it, Jenkins?
Jenkins: Yes, you got it. Ten—
Taako: Just between us wizards.
Jenkins: You just—a hundred trivia points to you, my good sir.
Travis: ―You get a free round of shots in the bar car. 
Jenkins: Uh, I don‘t know what brings her on the train. I do know that I did
have to carry her axe into the back car, and boy howdy, did that thing weigh
a metric ton. Uh, but I don‘t mean to complain. I‘m happy to do the work.
Travis: ―It‘s not where I thought I‘d end up in life, but y‘know, life‘s a
continuing, evolving adventure. 
Jenkins: I love life on the rails. It‘s—you meet a lot of interesting people.
Taako: Did you carry the axe back there?
Jenkins: Yes.
Taako: Kind of a shitty wizard.
Jenkins: I‘m… sorry, sir?
Taako: Nothing.
Jenkins: No, tell—no—
Taako: That‘s second-level stuff, dude!
Jenkins: No, come on, let‘s— let‘s have a wizard chat. And I‘d like to
hear—
Taako: You should get out there—you should get out there and level up,
I‘m saying!
Jenkins: What am I going to do—what am I going to do, burn one of
my daily slots on making an axe levitate?
Taako: Oh, sorry, I didn‘t realize life on the trails was so demanding you
had to have pyrotechnics at your fingertips twenty-four sev‘.
Merle: Or you could just do what I do, which is have unlimited
spell slots and use every spell in the book!
Travis: It‘s called cheating!
Jenkins: I‘ve heard of you.
Taako: From every discipline!
Jenkins: You are of the god kind.
Griffin: He says, uh…
Jenkins: Now, behind the sleeping car—sleepy car. Sometimes I call it the
sleepy car. Behind the sleepy car is our dining car. You can go there for,
uh—
Magnus: Peace!
Jenkins: Okay.
Travis: Magnus leaves.
Jenkins: Well, we can walk with you. We can do like a walk and—nope,
you‘re just going by—
Merle: Nope, he‘s gone.
Jenkins: Well, to you two—
Travis: Now, Griffin, I need you to describe both scenes simultaneously.
Griffin: Um. I won‘t do that. I‘m very, very tired.
Travis: I pop back into the sleeping car.
Magnus: You guys! The craziest thing just happened in there! Let me tell
you about it.
Griffin: Travis is taking control.
Clint: Magnus has turned into Kramer.
Magnus: It was ridiculous! They just handed me two thousand gold when I
walked in!
Jenkins: Uh, behind the sleeper car is the dining car. You can go there for
one free complimentary meal of your choice. I‘m also the chef on this train,
so I‘ll make sure to—now that I can put a name to a face, I‘ll make sure to
bake a lot of love into whatever you order.
Taako: You saving your spells for that? 
Jenkins: What‘re you eating?
Travis: And then—and then he eats a carrot in his face.
Taako: Hardtack.
Travis: That‘s Taako‘s—that‘s Taako‘s mic drop.
Taako: I‘m eating hardtack. Life‘s hard on the road.
Griffin: The only time that you‘re allowed to eat food while recording this
podcast is if it‘s foley work for actual in-game eating. So I‘m just assuming
that Taako‘s, like, having a party right now on some baby carrots.
Justin: He‘s eating some hardtack.
Griffin: What is hardtack?
Justin: You know, like Johnnycakes?
Travis: You know.
Clint: No, that‘s not hardtack!
Travis: It is! They‘re sea biscuits.
Justin: You know, hardtack. Like, really hard—really hard bread that they
had during the Civil War. I‘m surprised you didn‘t read up on this before we
recorded.
Travis: And then they used it to put stuff up on the wall.
Justin: I told you I was gonna do a whole hard—
Griffin: You were gonna have a—Justin‘s gonna go on another hardtack
run.
Travis: You gotta edit this one out too, Griffin.
Jenkins: Uh, and then behind that is of course the cargo car. You should‘ve
been walked through our security protocols at the station.
Griffin: Wait, what am I doing? What‘s this fucking voice?
Clint: You‘ve gone into Mr. Belvedere.
Jenkins: And then of course, behind—
Griffin: What—what was it?
Travis: It‘s a moving target!
Clint: It was Vincent Price!
Jenkins: And of course, behind—
Clint: And a little Droopy Dog, too.
Travis: ―I‘m sad. ―I‘m Jenkins. That‘s how you sound!
Jenkins: And of course—
Travis: ―Back there‘s the cargo car. 
Justin: ―I‘m sort— I‘m sort of the Mel Blanc of the train.
Keep everybody in stitches. All these different characters. Which one‘s the
real me? You‘ll never know. 
Jenkins: The three of you are being very cruel to me.
Travis: ―I‘m sad now. 
Clint: ―You‘re making me very, very unhappy. 
Jenkins: I— I live to serve the people on this train, and I‘ve
never been treated like this in my life.
Justin: Smokin‘!
Griffin: This is not—this is not out-of-character laughing. This whole time,
everything you‘ve done in the past two minutes has been to this man‘s face.
You‘re just standing—
Jenkins: Do you want— do you even want the rest of the tour?
Merle: Yeah, I—
Magnus: Jenkins.
Travis: I hug him.
Justin: If this has all been in character, are you telling me that this person,
Jenkins, who is having this, like, incredible mental breakdown, where he
couldn‘t remember what his own voice sounded like? 
Justin: We‘re just—
Travis: It was a very metaphysical moment for—―Who am I?! 
Clint: It‘s a psychotic incident.
Justin: This is kayfabe, I need to know that Jenkins was having this
breakdown right in front of us! ―What is—no, that‘s not it. It‘s up here! 
Travis: ―Who am I? What am Jenkins? I hold Jenkins.
Jenkins: No, it‘s—no. I‘m quite—I‘m a big, brave boy.
Magnus: You‘re my big brave boy, Jenkins.
Jenkins: I can stand up to the slings and arrows that you fling at me. I
just—I would just like to finish the tour and get back to work please.
Taako: No, by all means!
Magnus: Jenkins, we‘re just trying to make you strong, brother.
Jenkins: Behind the dining car is the cargo car. I‘m done. Have a
good day. Let me know if you need anything, but… but don‘t expect a quick
response. Of course, of course, of course it will be a quick response. I‘m
sorry, I can‘t let my—
Merle: How do we—how do we summon you, Jenkins?
Jenkins: Well, the train has four goddamn cars, so just open all the doors
and yell.
Magnus: So, is it like a magic word, or like a whistle? Is there a bell
somewhere?
Jenkins: Yes. I a witch kissed me and cursed me so that anytime anybody
yells a secret word, I have to attend to their every need, and that word is
my fucking name, Jenkins.
Taako: Yep.
Magnus: Got it!
Merle: Jenkins, would you open the window, please?
Taako: Careful, don‘t burn a spell on it.
Jenkins: I—yes, here.
Griffin: He opens the window.
Jenkins: Is that good?
Merle: Perfect. Perfect.
Griffin: Uh, you feel the train—
Travis: Griffin. Griffin, out of character, this is a great time to come up with
uh, a Jenkins catchphrase. I feel like he‘s gonna be a fan favorite. Maybe like
as he leaves, have him say something, like, sassy.
Griffin: Sure.
Justin: How about this? What do you think about this one? ―Dy-no-mite! 
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: I like that one.
Griffin: Okay, so that‘s the one that I‘m gonna use, definitely. Uh, the train
lurches and starts to move forward, and Jenkins, uh, looks out the window
he just opened, and says, um…
Jenkins: There‘s a man standing in front of the train, which is peculiar. Um,
if you‘ll excuse me, I will need to go and handle that situation. Excuse me.
Magnus: Oh no!
Merle: Call him Tom. Call him Tom.
Jenkins: Sorry? How do you know it‘s Tom Bodett out there?
Merle: Guess.
Magnus: It‘s always Tom Bodett.
Taako: You think this is spell slot worthy, or…
Jenkins: Okay, I‘m out. Jinx… Jenk— What was it?
Merle: ―Dy-no-mite. 
Jenkins: Sayonara! No, that sucks.
Magnus: You‘ll get it. You‘ll find it.
Griffin: He says—he turns to you and closes the door. Uh, but then, he
cracks it back open and pokes his face in, and he says…
Jenkins: Smell you later.
Clint: And a T-shirt is born!
Griffin: Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master.
Thank you all very much for listening to episode 12 of The Adventure Zone.
Sorry that it is late. Uh, we got a little bit side-tracked when we were doing
our live show. We only had a very small window in which we could record
new episodes of The Adventure Zone, and we missed it. We goofed it. We
done fucked up. Uh, so sorry about that.
We‘re gonna have another episode next week to make up for the week that
we missed, and then we‘re gonna get back to our usual, uh, lackadaisical
every other week schedule.
This week, The Adventure Zone is sponsored by Nature Box, a service you're
probably familiar with if you listen to My Brother, My Brother, and Me and no
other podcasts. We are the only other podcast that Nature Box does
advertisements for. That‘s not true at all.
Nature Box is a provider of snacks that are both good and good for you.
They have zero artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners, zero grams trans
fats, and no high fructose corn syrup. You can grab some tasty, tasty snacks
like jalapeno white cheddar popcorn, pistachio power clusters, or big island
pineapple. I'm a big fan of the dark cocoa nom noms. They‘re like little nobake morsels of sin. But they‘re not sinful, because remember, these are the
kind of nom noms that Jesus would eat, probably.
If you go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, you can get a free trial box of their
favorite snacks. These are free snacks. I'm talking about free snacks right
now. Are you paying attention? Because if not, you're gonna miss out on
these free snacks. Go to NatureBox.com/Adventure. I guaran-goddamn-tee
you are gonna be satisfied by these delicious, free snacks. Sorry I'm talking
like a coke fiend right now. I'm just excited about these free snacks!
Here‘s another first for The Adventure Zone. I've got a jumbotron message,
hot off the presses. Uh, if you've never heard My Brother, My Brother, and
Me or any of the other podcasts on the Maximum Fun network before, you
can purchase a personal message for a loved one, a friend, a spouse, a 
family member, any special someone in your life, if you go to
MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron. You'll find the way to do it there. They book
up pretty far in advance, so don‘t expect any birthday time miracles, but
yeah. Go to MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron, and we will hook you up.
Here‘s an example of what that sounds like. This message is for Ryan, and
it‘s from Ryan‘s husband Mike, and his friends, John and Julia. That, uh, hive
mind amalgam of people says, in a horrifying, three-throated voice, uh,
―Congratulations on getting another level in insurance man! The adjuster
specialization gives you plus five to authority, plus two to stress, and minus
two to shitty coworkers. In addition, five times per day, you may command
an underling to do time loss or other menial tasks. You're a fantastic
husband, a great friend, a badass cleric, and an awesome DM. 
That‘s a lot of hats coming from a monster with a lot of voices.
Congratulations, Ryan, on your promotion, which is, I think, the subject of
this jumbotron message. I am very proud of you, too.
Here‘s another jumbotron message for you. This one is for the Hammer
Trinity, which is a trio of fantasy plays that are happening in Chicago right
now. ―The Hammer Trinity runs its epic every Saturday and Sunday through
May 3rd in Chicago. Go to TheHouseTheater.com to learn more and purchase
tickets. If you like gerblins, if you like moon bases and flaming gauntlets,
then you're listening to the right show for you. But if you want to see sort of
a live, fantastical take on those ideas, you'll love The Hammer Trinity.
It‘s three fantasy plays, all produced together in marathon performances by
The House Theater of Chicago. The Trinity tells a story of a young orphan
recovering a magic hammer, defending it against pirates in the crownless
faction, and ultimately saving the land. So, spoilers there, I guess. It‘s a
nine hour nerd fest – holy shit – and it‘s a fantasy theater binge the likes of
which you've never experienced. Also, there‘s dragons. I don't know how
they got a dragon in there. I thought they were extinct, but maybe not if
you believed in magic in your heart.
Go to TheHouseTheater.com, get tickets for The Hammer Trinity. You heard
it here first. Unless you've heard of this before, and then we‘re like the
second or third time you've heard it.
Thank you all so much for listening to The Adventure Zone and sharing it on
Twitter with the hash tag, #TheZoneCast. As always, if you share our show
on Twitter with the hash tag, #TheZoneCast, we might name a character
after you, like we have done so many fucking times in this episode.
We got Hudson, the engineer. That‘s Timothy Hudson, or @TheLobster on
Twitter. Jenkins, Ben C. Jenkins on Twitter. Graham, who you're going to
meet here in a second. That‘s Graham Enos on Twitter. And Angus
McDonald, that‘s Angry Angus on Twitter, and Jess the Beheader, who is
Jess Osterhaut, @SherlockHolmes on Twitter.
That‘s a lot of characters. Not sure if we mentioned Leeman Kessler is
Leeman Boy on Twitter. I think I pointed that one out last week. But yeah,
that‘s a shit ton of characters. We‘re introducing a lot of characters in this
episode. I promise it‘s the last time we‘ll introduce characters for the rest of
this uh, this run.
But yeah, thanks so much for listening. Please, if you get a moment, share it
with a friend. Share it on Twitter. Leave us a review on iTunes. That really
helps us out. And thank you all so much for being so supportive.
And oh, god, we haven‘t done an episode since the MaxFunDrive. You all
crushed it in the MaxFunDrive! So many people, so many new donors came
in and pledged their support for this show, and it was the most wonderful
feedback we could have ever possibly hoped for. Thank you so much for
telling us, in a very direct and very helpful way, that you like what we‘re
doing. We‘re gonna keep doing more of it, and as a reward for you donating,
I'm not gonna make this break go on any longer.
Here‘s the rest of the episode. Thank you, and enjoy.
Clint: Anybody tired?
Justin: I could take a short rest.
Travis: Let‘s take a short rest.
Griffin: Okay, you take a 15-minute power nap.
Travis: Like, a Pzizz.
Griffin: You take a Pzizz right there, as the train uh, departs, from uh,
Rockport Station. And as it departs, it has started to, uh, begin its journey
through the Teeth, the mountain range that connects the two major
landmasses.
Travis: Next it‘ll be the tongue, and then the throat.
Clint: Here it comes!
Travis: And these are the enunciators!
Griffin: And then through—and then through the gully works.
Clint: Let‘s head into the car, so we can talk to those guys.
Griffin: Okay, um, you go into the, uh… you go into the passenger car. Uh,
nobody is actually there right now. You hear the sound of—you hear
somebody from the car behind you, from the dining car. Uh, you hear a
voice going like…
Voice: Oh, wow! Oh man!
Travis: Oh, we run in there! I wanna know what it is.
Clint: Let‘s go into the dining car.
Griffin: You go into the dining car, where you hear, uh, these, uh,
exclamations. The dining car is the fanciest car on the train. There are a
couple of, uh, crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, over eight or 
nine, y‘know, five-seat tables that are all very intricately set with crimson
tablecloths and gold cutlery on them.
There are large windows overlooking the uh, the—well, the nothing. You‘re
going through a mountain. Uh, but there are actually some, either magical
or just sort of bioluminescent, lights that you will pass by every few seconds
or so. Just to let you know that you are making progress, so somehow
they‘ve- they‘ve set up some interior lighting inside of this train route.
Uh, in this car, you don‘t see Jess the Beheader. But you do see the fancy
boy. He‘s sitting at a table in the corner, uh, still reading his book, just sort
of surveying the scene. And you see on one of the walls, on the far side of
the room is almost like a little booth, like a, almost like a confessional
chamber that has its door open. And, uh, you see Jenkins standing outside
of it, seems to be channeling some sort of spell onto the chamber, and then,
emerging from the chamber is the juicy wizard, uh, who says, uh…
Juicy Wizard: Man, that was amazing! I‘ve never felt so relaxed in my
whole life!
Griffin: And, uh, Jenkins says…
Jenkins: Mm, I‘m glad that you enjoyed that. I live to serve, and—
Justin: It‘s Seaman, Griffin. I just realized.
Griffin: That‘s what it was. It was Seaman. He‘s uh—his eyes are still kind
of red, and the guy, the Hedge Wizard asks…
Juicy Wizard: Hey man, are you alright? You seem like you‘re upset.
Griffin: And Jenkins says…
Jenkins: No, I don‘t want to talk about it.
Clint: ―I met these three jerks— 
Magnus: Jenkins!
Jenkins: Oh god…
Magnus: What up, dawg?
Jenkins: That‘s them. Hello, how was your nap? Is everything good? Do
you need any—
Magnus: I had a good nappy.
Jenkins: That‘s great to hear. Maybe you were being very fussy before,
because you hadn‘t had your—
Magnus: I was a fussy baby, am I right, Jenkins?
Jenkins: So just a real quick—I—first of all, do you need anything? But
before that, do you have maybe anything you wanna tell me?
Magnus: Still dig the bow tie.
Taako: Jenkins… I'm really sorry… about threatening Tom Bodett earlier.
When we were back in the village, I just wanted to see if—
Merle: Yeah, I feel pretty bad about that.
Magnus: Is he okay?
Taako: Is he doing alright, do you think?
Jenkins: Uh, are you speaking about the Tom Bodett who tried to kill
himself in front of our train?
Taako: Hey, Jenkins.
Jenkins: Yes.
Taako: Great choo choo by the way. Uh, quick question. You mentioned the
pleasure room, and we got a little weird about it, but now that I'm more
relaxed, and sort of comfortable in my own sexual truth right now, can you
talk to me about—
Travis: I just wanna chase my bliss?
Taako: I'm just trying to chase my bliss, can you tell me about the pleasure
room?
Griffin: Uh, he says, uh…
Jenkins: Well, you're looking at it. Uh, it's not this train car, we don't—
Taako: You just opened your shirt. I don't understand—
Jenkins: Oh, I'm sorry, I had an itch on my tummy. Let me get that. And…
got it. Okay, uh, buttoning back up now, slowly, uh, and we are… fully
dressed.
This is uh, the pleasure chamber. It is not a sex thing. Maybe it can be. It is
actually a type of magic I specialize in, uh, called a port, and I can make it
so that when you enter this chamber, you can be in any room, anywhere in
the world that you want to be, just a quick getaway while we‘re travelling
through this rather bleak mountain environment.
Taako: How does that work? Tell—
Travis: I lay my hand—I lay my hand on Jenkins‘ shoulder and say…
Magnus: There‘s nowhere I‘d rather be than here, my man.
Travis: And I squeeze gently.
Jenkins: So you don‘t want uh, a trip in the pleasure chamber?
Magnus: No, I do. I do.
Taako: I uh, didn‘t te—
Jenkins: You literally—you literally just said that you‘d rather not be—
Magnus: Listen Jenkins, we all said some stuff.
Taako: Listen, how does it work? Do we tell you where we wanna go, or—
Jenkins: You tell me where you want to go. There are some restrictions.
It‘s a kind of teleportation. Uh, but you can only open up a pleasure room to
a room that only has one entrance and exit, and that is what you step
through, through this port. You can‘t leave—
Magnus: Is it an illusion?
Jenkins: Uh, it is—no, it is—it is a type of teleportation, but it is a very
limited type. You can't take anything from the room. If you leave something
behind, it will be destroyed, so don‘t do that. Make sure you have your
belongings with you.
Taako: Where did, um, where did Juicy go?
Jenkins: He went to one of our, uh, special luxury pleasure rooms we have
pre-fabricated. Uh, it—it recreates the beaches off the Sword Coast. You
know the ones.
Magnus: Oh yeah.
Taako: Right.
Jenkins: Where the palm trees sway, and—
Magnus: Oh, yeah yeah yeah.
Jenkins: The beach babies are… they are extant.
Merle: Ben Pressler‘s there…
Jenkins: Uh, he wanted a tropical getaway, and so, we hooked him up with
our tropical getaway room. But you don‘t have to use one of our
prefabricated rooms, if you can think of any room in the world that you
wanna be in. Just take your pick, and—
Magnus: What, can we—
Jenkins: Sorry, what?
Magnus: Can we say like we want to go visit somebody, but we don‘t know
what room they‘re in? It‘s gotta be a specific room?
Jenkins: You gotta tell me the room unfortunately, you can‘t just say, ―I
wanna be in a bank vault. Not that would it matter, 'cause you couldn‘t take
the money anyway, but…
Magnus: Could you recreate our sleeping car?
Jenkins: I… guess so? That would be kind of crazy. I‘m not—I‘m not
creating anything, you‘re actually going to these rooms.
Magnus: Mm-hmm.
Merle: Alright, I‘d like to try it out!
Jenkins: Yeah, please!
Merle: I have a room I‘d like to go to!
Jenkins: Oh—what are you—
Merle: Can I go—can I—
Clint: I‘m still trying to do the Scottish thing!
Griffin: Kind of.
Merle: Alright! I‘ll go—
Griffin: Nope, I‘m not complaining! I‘m just like, pick one!
Justin: If he—if he does—if you do that voice, I‘m gonna have him port you
to the pleasure room in the inky blackness of space.
Merle: Alright. I‘d like to go to the, uh—
Taako: What happened to your accent?
Merle: Do I have to— You told me to stop doing it, damn
it!
Taako: No, Justin told you to stop doing it.
Merle: Oh.
Taako: Taako‘s a fan.
Merle: Alright, here‘s what I want to do. I want to go to—
Jenkins: I thought your name was Justin.
Merle: I‘d like to go to the room where uh, where our uh, my package is. I
want to see my package.
Jenkins: Are you talking about the cargo car, which is literally—
Merle: Yes.
Griffin: And he points to the left—
Jenkins: Through this door, right here. You want to use my incredible
teleportation magic to go into the room that is adjacent to the room we‘re
currently in?
Merle: No.
Justin: And also you can‘t do that.
Merle: Well when you put it that way, no.
Jenkins: Yeah, when I put it any way, then no.
Merle: Here, alright alright, I want to go to the engineer‘s room. I want to
go where he is.
Jenkins: That‘s not—
Merle: -behind a locked door that I can‘t go through!
Jenkins: I preferred the other voice. Um…
Merle: It‘s just a little bit Scrooge McDuck-y, isn‘t it?
Travis: Where‘s Flintlock Gongold, or whatever the fuck his name is?
Griffin: It was Flintlock Glomgold, Trav. You got it.
Jenkins: Unfortunately, no, I won‘t do that. Like, it‘s, like a security
protocol for the train. Like, why—
Merle: You said anywhere!
Jenkins: Any room in the world. Any luxurious—a day spa, a botanical
garden, a green—
Magnus: Y‘know what, Jenko?
Jenkins: Yes?
Magnus: I‘m gonna take you up on that later, dawg. For right now, I‘m
gonna get my grub on.
Jenkins: Okay, if you say so. But if you change your mind… can I entice
either of the two of you?
Merle: I don‘t think—I don‘t want to waste it.
Taako: Yeah, I don‘t feel like we‘re grounded enough yet to kind of know
what we‘re doing here.
Merle: Let us have a little nosh, and we‘ll get back to ye.
Jenkins: Okay…
Travis: I go sit next to the fancy lad.
Griffin: Okay, uh, are—are the other two following suit?
Clint: Yes, I want to walk up to the fancy lad and I want to say to him…
Merle: You‘re a fancy lad.
Clint: I pull out my Extreme Teen Bible.
Merle: Y‘know, being fancy is good, but sometimes it‘s better to be Pan-cy,
and not just fancy. Let me read to you about Pan from my Extreme Teen
Bible. What do you say?
Fancy Lad: Uh, hello sir. Thank you for the evangelism, but I‘m affiliated
already and I appreciate it. And my dad says that I sh—I‘m not allowed to
talk to people who worship pagan gods.
Merle: Well, uh, that‘s fine, I guess. But y‘know, if you‘re gonna stay close-minded and you‘re not gonna
be open to new ideas, you‘re not going to grow up to be a very well-rounded
young man.
Fancy Lad: Okay, sir. I—I apologize if I was being rude before. Please tell
me the good news.
Merle: Well, I‘ll tell you what. Let me leave you this Pan Chick tract, and
you read it—
Fancy Lad: Oh, great! Reading‘s my favorite.
Griffin: He says.
Merle: I noticed you were reading a book, so you read this—this tract, it‘s
by this man named Chick. And it‘s all about Pan‘s tiny shoes, and it will lead
you to make the right decision.
Fancy Lad: Thank you very much.
Travis: This‘s been some solid Dungeons and Dragons-ing.
Fancy Lad: What is—what is your name?
Travis: Really moving the story forward!
Fancy Lad: My name—
Merle: I‘m Brother Leeman. Just call me Brother Leeman.
Fancy Lad: Brother Leeman, hello! My name is Angus! I‘m a little boy. Do
you—I‘m going to visit my grandpa in Neverwinter. Have you been to
Neverwinter before?
Travis: I nudge—I nudge Taako.
Magnus: He‘s the bad guy. That‘s definitely the bad guy.
That‘s definitely the bad guy!
Angus: Excuse me, sirs. My grandpa says it‘s rude to whisper, especially on
a train. My name‘s Angus!
Magnus: We had to say dirty words, Angus, dirty words that you can‘t
hear. Adult words.
Merle: Hi Angus!
Angus: My grandpa—my grandpa says swears are not—
Taako: Hey Angus, where are you from?
Angus: Me? I‘m not allowed to say.
Magnus: Are you from Phandalin?
Angus: No, where is that?
Magnus: Good. Doesn‘t matter.
Angus: I‘ve never even heard of Phandalin.
Magnus: And you never will.
Taako: And you never will.
Angus: I like to read my books because it‘s like I get to go on a journey in
my mind!
Magnus: Taako! It‘s definitely—
Angus: What are your names?
Magnus: What little kid likes reading? It‘s him!
Angus: Sirs, what are your names?
Merle: Well, um, like I said—
Angus: I already heard your name, sir. Thank you for telling me it.
Merle: Oh, right, sorry.
Magnus: I‘m—I‘m Diddley.
Taako: I‘m Justin.
Angus: Diddley and Justin, those are two fabulous names. My name‘s
Angus!
Magnus: What‘s your last name, Angus?
Angus: McDonald.
Magnus: Angus McDonald, you say?
Merle: Angus, do you like magic tricks?
Angus: I do. I like them very much. My grandpa said he would take me to
one in Neverwinter. He would take me—he told me—
Magnus: What‘s your grandpa‘s name?
Angus: My grandpa told me, he said, ―I‘m going to take you to a magic
trick! It didn‘t make a lot of sense.
Magnus: Angus, are you off-put by three grown men standing over you,
asking you a bunch of questions?
Angus: No, I was hoping I would meet people and make friends on the
train.
Merle: Even though you‘re not allowed to talk to 'em? That‘s pretty
interesting!
Angus: Well, strangers aren‘t strangers anymore once you‘ve talked to
them and learned their names.
Magnus: Do you want to go to the pleasure room with me?
Angus: I already went to the pleasure room. I went to my dad‘s library. Did
I say my dad? I meant my grandpa.
Magnus: What‘s your grandpa‘s name?
Angus: My grandpa forgot his name. He‘s very old.
Magnus: Wait, but you also forgot it? You never knew it, Angus?
Angus: The memory of my grandpa‘s name died long before I was born.
Travis: It‘s a word not spoken since the birth of dragons.
Justin: 
Angus: He prefers grandpa. I call him grandpa, 'cause he‘s my grandpa! I
love him.
Magnus: This is definitely a setup. He‘s the bad guy!
Merle: Well, let me show him my magic trick.
Taako: Just let it ride.
Merle: Let me show you this magic trick, alright?
Angus: Okay, sir.
Merle: It‘s called zone of truth. And when I cast zone of truth… well, you‘ll
just have to see how cool it is.
Magnus: No, wait!
Clint: Merle casts zone of truth.
Angus: My—my brain feels like it's tingling. I feel like I‘m sneezing, but
long. Like a long sneeze.
Merle: That‘s the magic!
Angus: Is it—oh—it‘s not a—I—okay!
Merle: Great!
Angus: I get a chance to roll and resist this, right?
Merle: Yes you do! You get to throw a charisma saving roll.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And Clinton, remind me. Does this affect all of us in the zone?
Clint: No it‘s just whoever I target it.
Travis: Oh, thank Jesus.
Griffin: I don‘t think that‘s true.
Justin: I don‘t actually think that‘s accurate either.
Griffin: I think the zone of truth is a zone. Otherwise, it would just be
called Truth Beam, and you would hit them… Uh, he rolled a 24.
Justin: What?
Clint: What?!
Griffin: And he—
Travis: No that‘s too low, we were looking for a 25.
Angus: Hey, the tingles went away! That was a weird trick.
Magnus: Well, you‘re growing up!
Justin: Can I— Can I have a little side chat? If this fool just rolled
a 24, he is, uhh, a really fucking bad guy. That‘s like some mysterious shit.
Travis: He‘s the bad guy!
Griffin: That‘s racist!
Travis: You can‘t hear this, we‘re whispering!
Griffin: Right.
Justin: This is clearly out of character!
Griffin: Yeah, and this is out of character too. I‘m telling you you‘re being
racist right now. Just because someone rolls good, that makes them evil?
It‘s a luck-based—
Travis: Is rolling good is a race, Griffin?
Griffin: It‘s a luck-based mechanism!
Travis: I‘ve seen the dice!
Clint: How can you roll a 20-sided dice and get a 24?
Griffin: He had a lot of charisma. He‘s a charismatic young man.
Travis: He‘s in the Boy Scouts of America, he volunteers at his
local soup kitchen, he‘s a great kid. He‘s definitely the bad guy!
Clint: Magnus, kill him.
Travis: Well—
Clint: Kill him.
Travis: Hold on, he‘s still a kid.
Griffin: Well don‘t—he‘s a little boy.
Justin: We‘re not going to kill a little boy.
Angus: Pardon me, sirs, do you have any fruit leather? I ran—I just plum
ran out.
Magnus: Alright, Angus. We‘re going to go talk to Juicy Wizard.
Angus: Uh. Okay. I had a good chat with you and I liked—
Magnus: Okay, we‘re done.
Angus: Okay, sirs, well, thank you very much for take—
Magnus: Angus! Take the hint.
Angus: 'Kay, bye, just… thanks for the company. Bye!
Griffin: As you turn to walk away from him, you swear that you see the
color of his eyes just turn blood red, and—no, I‘m fucking with you. That‘s not true. Um, you‘re going to talk to Juicy Wizard?
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Justin: No.
Griffin: Okay, Juicy Wizard is sort of, uh, running his hands over the
pleasure room chamber, like, just sort of eyeballing it. Like, studying it
almost? And he‘s like—
Juicy Wizard: Wow, this thing‘s amazing. Don‘t you guys love being on
this train? This train‘s the best!
Magnus: It‘s pretty dope.
Juicy Wizard: Sorry, what are your names? I feel rude 'cause I talked
about how much I love this train before I introduced myself. And before you
had a chance to introduce yourselves.
Magnus: Oh, uh, my name is Diddley.
Juicy Wizard: Diddley?
Magnus: Mm-hmm, Diddley.
Juicy Wizard: Is that short for something?
Magnus: Bo-Diddley.
Juicy Wizard: Wouldn‘t it—wouldn‘t Bo be a much easier way to truncate
that particular moniker?
Magnus: Way less fun, am I right, my man?
Juicy Wizard: You are so right! My name is—
Magnus: High five!
Juicy Wizard: Okay, let‘s get that out there. Now I can tell you that
my name is Graham. It‘s not as fun. I still sound like the boy that you were
just talking to.
Magnus: Yes you do, Graham!
Justin: I was about to say.
Magnus: You have a youthful energy about you.
Taako: Yeah. A very Angus-like vibe.
Graham: Uh, what are your guys‘ names?
Merle: I‘m Leeman. Leeman Kessler.
Graham: Hi, Leeman!
Merle: Hi, Graham.
Taako: Justin.
Graham: Uh, I can‘t help but notice your garb. Your robe and your hat. Are
you perchance a wizard, too?
Taako: Yeah, man.
Travis: Totally!
Taako: Don‘t you recognize me from TV?
Graham: Oh my god, is it really you?
Taako: Justin… is a stage name. No, wait. Strike that. Taako—how old are
you, Graham?
Graham: Me?
Taako: Yep.
Graham: Oh, I‘m—I‘m, uh—me? Oh, my age?
Taako: Yep.
Graham: Me? My age?
Griffin: I‘m trying to—
Graham: Me? My age? I‘m an—I‘m not a little boy,
I‘m—
Travis: He‘s aging before our very eyes!
Taako: Okay, pipe down, Benjamin—
Graham: I‘m 36 years young!
Taako: Pipe down, Benjamin Button, let me lay it down for you. Um, I‘m
Taako the wizard from TV, yes, it‘s great to meet you, too. Ah, but on the
train, uhh, when I‘m in private life, I go by my real name, Justin Leeman.
Graham: Oh, that‘s not that weird to have a train name. A name—a name
that you use, only on trains. Can I tell you something?
Taako: Yeah. 
Graham: Can I tell you—can I tell you something?
Taako: Please.
Graham: Can I tell you something?
Taako: Yeah, go—go nuts, my man.
Graham: Graham is my train name.
Taako: Do you have another real name?
Graham: Yeah! Per—
Taako: What is it?
Graham: Percy.
Merle: Good choice with Graham.
Taako: Yeah, Graham is way better.
Graham: It just feels like a thing that you would say on a train!
Taako: Yeah, absolutely, it does. It feels like a train name, I was thinking
that.
Merle: Mm-hmm.
Graham: Check this out. ―All aboard, Percy! It just doesn‘t work, does it?
Anyway—
Taako: Doesn‘t work.
Graham: Graham‘s—Graham‘s my name.
Taako: Graham, what‘s your school of magic, my man?
Graham: Uh, I‘m undeclared. Working on it! It‘s just—
Taako: Oh, that‘s fine. I remember that age.
Graham: I move down one ladder, and it‘s like—
Taako: Sure.
Graham: Yeah, I—evocation‘s pretty great, but I‘d sure love to turn that
apple into, uh, something else! See, I lack creativity, and that help—that
hinders me.
Taako: That‘s a hindrance, right, but you‘ll find it. Don‘t beat yourself up.
Graham: Will I?
Taako: Mmm…
Clint: Hmm.
Travis: He is 36.
Graham: What I really wanna do…
Griffin: He says, is, uh…
Graham: I, uh, I would love to work on a train. It‘s been my dream my
whole life, is to be a—work on a train, whatever role they need me on, just
to live life on the rails. It‘s just someth—it‘s just always appeal—this train is
amazing! They have a pleasure chamber!
Taako: Just grab a mop, my man! Grab life by the horns.
Graham: What do you—just, like, start mopping? And just, like, see—
Taako: Just start mopping, yeah!
Graham: And see what happens?
Taako: Sure!
Graham: Is that the secret?
Merle: Either that, or be a hobo.
Taako: Yolo.
Graham: I could be a yobo.
Taako: A yolo hobo.
Graham: I would have a hard time finding a place where I could squat on
this particular train. But, uh—
Magnus: No, just go in the bathroom!
Graham: Gross.
Graham: What a very gross thing. Yeah, I‘ve—I actually—it‘s
uncomfortable because, um, I just applied to be on this train, and I didn‘t
get accepted. Um, and so I just sort of came on to shadow, uh, Jenkins, just
to, like, see what I could learn. See what I could pick up—
Travis: I lean over to Taako.
Magnus: Motive! That‘s motive!
Taako: You‘re a—you‘re a worse wizard than Jenkins?
Justin: I said that loud enough so that Jenkins could hear.
Jenkins: Why would you do that?
Taako: Oh, I didn‘t want you to have to waste a spell slot trying to read my
mind.
Griffin: Um, he says—
Taako: I know how precious they are.
Graham: I feel like this conversation is starting to take a turn for the
worse, so I‘m gonna head out. Not leave, 'cause the train‘s going through a
mountain, and I would die. But… you get the picture.
Taako: Sure, yeah.
Graham: It was great to meet you guys!
Griffin: Uh, and he walks just not very far away from you. Uh, he walks
like, eight feet away from you and sits down at a table by himself. It was
very clear he didn‘t have any pressing, like, engagement that he needed to
get to. He just—I think he preferred not your company at that point.
Clint: We are really making friends on this train.
Justin: Influencing people.
Griffin: Just want to take another minute here at the end of the show to
thank Nature Box for supporting us this week. Go to NatureBox.com and you
can order hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks. If you go to
NatureBox.com/Adventure, you can sign up for a free sampler box of great
tasting, healthy snacks! Get those nom noms! See you next week!

[BAL13]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Hudson: My name is Hudson. I'm the uh, engineer of this train.
Griffin: Walking through the passenger car, you only see three other
passengers.
Jenkins: Hello, I‘m Jenkins. I‘m the wizard attendant on the Rockport Limited.
Magnus: I saw a dwarven woman in there, and I swear I recognized her,
but I can‘t remember her name.
Jenkins: Have you ever heard of, uh… Jess the Beheader?
Magnus: Oh!
Merle: Mmm.
Jenkins: This is the Pleasure Chamber. It is not a sex thing. Maybe it can
be. I can make it so that, when you enter this chamber, you can be in any
room, anywhere in the world that you want to be.
Angus: Hello, my name is Angus! I‘m a little boy! I‘m going to visit my
grandpa in Neverwinter.
Graham: I can tell you that my name is Graham. It‘s not as fun. I still
sound like the boy that you were just talking to.
Magnus: Yes you do, Graham!
Justin: I was about to say! 
Magnus: You have a youthful energy about you.
Announcer: This week, someone reaches their final destination… heaven!
All aboard The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: Uh, the three of you have just been served a scrumptious brunch
service by a uh, very reluctant Jenkins.
Justin: Mmm, I'm still enjoying my pea pods.
Travis: Was it a savory brunch, or like a sweet brunch? Are we looking at
like—
Griffin: I think Justin has just decided what it is, based on his earth-world
foley work. What do you—is that some edamame?
Justin: We‘re having some pea pods. And what‘s that? Oh yeah, I filled my
pockets with croutons.
Clint: Oh man.
Travis: Mmm, nice crunch croutons. Waffle croutons.
Griffin: Just to check in on my earth brothers‘ health and wellbeing…
Daddy, you're in the same room as the J-Man.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Is he just eating croutons out of a bag right now?
Clint: No. No.
Justin: No, there‘s pea pods. It‘s a salad.
Clint: No, he‘s got them on a plate. He‘s got a plate full of delicious
croutons, and it looks like he‘s got one of those—those little uh, mutant,
teeny tiny carrots, and a couple of uh, pea pods, so that the two pea pods
and the two carrots will completely cancel out the six pounds of croutons
that he ate.
Griffin: Okay, good.
Travis: Excellent.
Clint: But diet Dr. Pepper!
Griffin: Hey, then that helps. We‘ll check back with the judges on cookie
point allocation after the recording of this episode of the podcast that we do.
But in the game world, you've just enjoyed a delicious brunch that Jenkins
reluctantly served you, and uh… you've been on the train now for about an
hour and a half. Um, Jenkins checks back in on you and asks, uh…
Jenkins: Have you given any more thought to…
Griffin: See, I can't do it as good this week. My throat‘s not as ragged.
Jenkins: Have you given any more thought to a pleasure chamber you
might want to visit? I can take you to one of my own personal favorites. I
can take you to a beautiful day spa, where you'll be covered in the richest
yogurt, and… well, you won't be massaged, 'cause nobody else will be there,
but it‘s like a yogurt dip. You—
Magnus: Jenkins?
Jenkins: Yes?
Magnus: Could I visit your mom‘s house?
Jenkins: If—if you—if—you could visit a room in my mother‘s—
Merle: Again.
Jenkins: You could visit—oh, I see. Is this an actual request, or just one of your patented burns?
Magnus: Nah, Jenkins, nah. We cool.
Taako: Jenkins, I have a request. Send me to your most popular pleasure
room.
Jenkins: Oh, I can do that for you.
Griffin: Uh, he removes from his uh, pocket, I guess, a—from within his
robe, we‘ll say, he withdraws a small rod.
Travis: Hee hee hee hee.
Griffin: A small, cylin—goddamn it!
Travis: Tell me about the small rod he pulls out of his robe.
Griffin: It‘s cylindrical.
Justin: I bet.
Griffin: And made of…
Travis: Does he seem proud of it, or like he‘s embarrassed to pull it out?
Griffin: He whips it out, and uh… It‘s basically just like a very plain looking, silvery rod. I don't
know… I don't know what to call it.
Justin: When he turns back to me, I've dropped my robes.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: But I'm wearing underwear.
Jenkins: Okay, um…
Taako: I want to be ready for anything.
Jenkins: Well, that will… that will not be necessary.
Magnus: Spell me like one of your French girls.
Justin: I put my robes back on, kind of a little bit sheepish about the whole
thing.
Griffin: Yeah, like, you're on a train. There‘s other people around. Um, he
takes this rod—
Taako: You're welcome.
Griffin: He points it at the doorframe, and sort of traces the outline of the
doorframe of this very, very shallow closet that‘s like, built into the wall of
the dining car. Uh, and then, he opens up the door, and it opens up to a
green house full of lush plants and rich clusters of berries, and uh, just sort
of these explosions of beautiful flora that is—it‘s the most gorgeous
collection of plants that any of you have ever seen. I don't know if this is any
of your jams. Maybe Merle, with your proclivity towards the natural world.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Are particularly moved by—I don‘t want to put uh, feelings in your
heart, or words in your mouth.
Clint: Mm.
Travis: Magnus yawns demurely behind his hand.
Jenkins: M‘kay. Is this not—I thought that it might be good.
Magnus: No, no, sorry, it‘s just—it‘s been a long day. This is a great
pleasure room.
Jenkins: You asked me for my—
Taako: Are they going too, or is this just a solo mish?
Jenkins: Anybody can go in if you want.
Taako: I‘m goin‘.
Jenkins: I'm going to stay out here and continue channeling, because it‘s
important that I do that, or the three of you will die.
Griffin: Um, so the three of you wander into this beautiful, botanical
garden. It‘s very relaxing. There‘s uh… it‘s a little disorienting at first, being
on like a high-speed train, and then being in a stationary sort of room. Um, 
but uh, yeah, you aren‘t too bothered by that, because it‘s… it smells great
in here. Uh, the—
Justin: Uh, Griff, can you clarify something for me? Not to—
Griffin: No, please, go ahead.
Justin: Is the door to the pleasure room just sort of like, an ephemeral,
like, floating portal, or is there like a little room he—
Griffin: No, it‘s a door—it‘s a doorframe. And it‘s not so much the room
that‘s transforming; it‘s more that the door is—has opened up a gateway to
this world. It‘s not like the—
Justin: Ohh.
Griffin: It‘s not like the Holodeck, it‘s like a portal.
Travis: This is like a Stargate situation.
Griffin: Yeah, kind of.
Clint: Or Narnia.
Griffin: Yeah. There‘s a clearly defined—on your side of the door, in the
um, botanical garden, you see the same doorframe from the train that is
now behind you, and through it, you can see the dining car. You can see
Jenkins holding his rod, and—don‘t.
Clint: Yep.
Griffin: Pointing it at the door, and saying, uh…
Jenkins: Enjoy yourselves. Please don‘t take too long. And remember,
don‘t leave anything behind, and you cannot take anything with you.
Magnus: Except memories.
Jenkins: Well, the memories, yes, will be obliterated. No, I'm kidding.
Magnus: Oh, Jenkins. You are a cad.
Jenkins: Nothing could destroy memories.
Merle: And let‘s leave the door open, shall we?
Jenkins: Well, yes, it would have to be.
Justin: Can I make an arcana check to see what I can tell about the magic
of this portal?
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Justin: Do I need dice for that, or…
Travis: Or just ask.
Griffin: Historically, yeah.
Justin: 21.
Griffin: 21. Uh, this magic that he is using is… let me check. I don't know
what it would actually be.
Travis: It says here, ―Super cool. It‘s super cool, according to the manual.
Griffin: This is not illusion magic. He has not created a fake version of this
botanical garden. This is conjuration magic, which is the school of magic that
teleportation magic belongs to. So this is—this is honest to god
teleportation, but a very limited form of it.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: It‘s incredibly, incredibly difficult for uh, wizards to teleport proper,
right? To actually go from one place to the other and just be there. This is
a… sort of limited, easier to use version of teleportation, where uh, you
cannot sort of permanently displace yourself from one point to the other,
and that is why there are those limitations.
Taako: If teleportation magic is hard for wizards to use, it must be
impossible for Jenkinses.
Magnus: Bing!
Jenkins: Bing. You got me. 
Justin: I just said that apropos of nothing. Jenkins must think I'm insane. 
Griffin: Uh, and very, very rude.
Travis: I walk around, I check it out, I see what there is to see.
Magnus: Nice. It‘s very nice. Very pleasant.
Jenkins: Thank you. I tend to it myself. This is a real garden in Rockport I
tend to myself to help me exorcise my demons.
Travis: Is there anywhere in particular Jenkins would like me to use the
bathroom?
Justin: 
Travis: Is there a bathroom corner? Or is it just ladies‘ choice?
Jenkins: Come back through, and there‘s a bathroom on the train we
could—
Travis: I pee in the corner.
Jenkins: Great, great, great, great.
Merle: Sort of marking your territory.
Jenkins: Not on—
Magnus: Yeah, but not—no, this isn‘t in a weird way. This is just like, I'm
communing with nature, and I feel very present in the moment.
Jenkins: Joke‘s on you, though… when you step back through the portal,
your piss will disappear!
Magnus: It always does, Jenkins. I've been cursed.
Jenkins: Did a witch kiss you?
Magnus: It did.
Jenkins: Give you evaporating piss?
Magnus: It was actually—it‘s not a bad curse, as it goes.
Jenkins: No, I would say it‘s actually very good.
Magnus: It‘s very pleasant.
Justin: I follow through and—
Magnus: But the fear is that, one day, all the piss will return at once.
Justin: I follow through to the—
Jenkins: Oh no, like that scene in The Shining with the elevator.
Justin: Oh my god.
Jenkins: What?
Justin: How is this still happening. I just want to come into the room and
continue the adventure, please. I have work to do.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you enjoy the floral pleasure chamber for a little while,
and then uh, return back to the dining car. Um, Jenkins retreats towards the
front of the car to continue his stewardly business. Uh, and the only people
in the car now are the three of you and Angus McDonald, the fancy lad from
before, who uh, closes his book, sets it down on the table, and says, uh…
Angus: Hello, sirs! How was your trip?
Magnus: Don‘t trust him.
Angus: M‘kay.
Taako: Pretty good, Angus. We had a good time.
We sure missed you, though.
Angus: I missed you too! Hey, I forgot to ask. What are y‘all going to
Neverwinter for?
Magnus: Business.
Merle: Uh, to visit relatives.
Angus: Oh, you also have rela—I wonder if my grandpa knows your
relatives! What relatives live there?
Merle: Uh, the distant ones.
Angus: Well, in terms of like, your familial relationship? Or are we talking
about geographical?
Magnus: Emotional.
Angus: I know how that goes.
Merle: Here‘s the thing. Here‘s the thing. We call him our uncle, but it‘s
really just a good friend of my dad‘s. So, y'know, it‘s not really that kind of
connection.
Angus: What‘s his name?
Merle: His uh, his name is uh, Willard.
Angus: And what are your guys‘ names?
Merle: I'm Leeman.
Magnus: Still Diddley.
Angus: No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. What are your guys‘ real names?
Magnus: Huh?
Merle: Huh?
Magnus: S‘cuse?
Taako: What do you mean, pumpkin?
Magnus: Pardonnez-moi?
Angus: What is—what are the names that aren‘t fake that you guys
actually have?
Magnus: I don‘t trust him!
Merle: Hmm, I really don‘t trust him now.
Travis: I lean over to Taako.
Magnus: Should I kill him?
Justin: I cast detect magic.
Griffin: Uh, okay. You uh, you cast detect magic. What does that do again?
Travis: It sounds like a lightsaber.
Justin: It sounds like a lightsaber. It… makes my book levitate out of the closet and open to the
proper page to tell me what detect magic does. Y'know.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: We‘re really good at D&D.
Griffin: Detect magic. ―For the duration, you sense the presence of magic
within 30 feet of you. If you sense magic in this way, you can use your 
action to see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area
that bears magic, and you learn its school of magic, if any. 
Clint: Nice!
Justin: Cool.
Clint: So has he got a aura?
Griffin: Uh, so you‘re casting this—I guess, in the 30 feet around you that
would uh, pick up uh, uh, basically everything in this dining car.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh… his book, which is a uh, a sort of a plain blue book, without
any sort of cover art… it‘s not— it‘s not The Secret, and if it were—I mean, it
is secretive. You cannot tell what the book is, but you do detect traces of
magic on it, for divination. Uh, divination is the school of magic about
learning secrets long forgotten, predicting the future, finding hidden things,
and foiling deceptive spells. Uh, so you can pick that up.
Travis: Griffin, can I roll to see if I can snatch the book out of his hands,
and hold it above his head, tauntingly?
Griffin: Absolutely you can.
Travis: Okay. What would I roll?
Griffin: This is Dungeons and—a bullying check. Or cyber bullying, 'cause
we‘re doing this on the internet.
Clint: So you're casting nanna-nanna-boo-boo, right?
Travis: Yeah. I rolled a 14, and I have a plus 18 to bullying, so 32.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, no, it would be, uh… probably a sleight of hand check, if
you're just gonna very quickly try and grab this out of his hands, and he—
Travis: I rolled a 16.
Griffin: Okay, and he will contest that with… gosh, I don't know.
Justin: Dexterity, probably?
Griffin: Yeah, probably dexterity. He‘s got… plus four to dexterity… and I
rolled a 16. That‘s a 20.
Travis: Damn it.
Griffin: You try and snatch it out of his hands, and he quickly rips it back,
and he says…
Angus: Don‘t do—don‘t try that again! Just—I need to know what your
guys‘ names are right now!
Travis: I try it again.
Griffin: Okay. 
Travis: That time it was an… 18.
Griffin: Okay, that time I rolled a six, which is a ten. Okay, you snatch it
out of his hands and hold it above his head. Uhh… he says…
Angus: Okay. That‘s not cool, man. I get it, I'm not as tall as you are.
Clint: Laugh condescendingly, Trav.
Travis: Okay. Uh, I roll to laugh condescendingly.
Griffin: Well, you can just do that. That‘s a free action.
Travis: Success!
Griffin: Okay. Well done.
Merle: We‘re just teasin‘ ya, little fella. Just havin‘ some good sportin‘ with
ya.
Angus: Uh, it‘s a great prank, and a really good goof. I need to know what
your—
Travis: I toss the book to Taako.
Angus: Okay, so we‘re doing this now, huh?
Merle: It‘s called monkey in the middle!
Angus: I know what it‘s called.
Magnus: No, I can't read magic.
Justin: Uh, okay, I look at it and do an arcana check on the book.
Clint: You already did.
Justin: No, I did an arcana check on the room. I'm doing an arcana check
on the book.
Clint: Well, he threw it in where he said the book is from, uh—it‘s used to
detect truth and—
Justin: Arcana though is—what is it? I had my headphones off, ironically,
looking for the book to tell me what detect magic does.
Griffin: That is—that is fucking delicious. Uh, arcana measures your ability to recall lore about spells, magic
items, eldritch symbols, magical traditions, the planes of existence, and the
inhabitants of those planes. Uh, you uh… using your arcana, which you're
going to roll now before I actually tell you what happens…
Justin: That‘s a 22.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Thank you. Okay, so yeah, this is a, uh—this book has some
divination magic built into it. Uh, and you actually recognize it as an
interceptor book. And what it can do is, uh, intercept messages that are
transmitted through magical means, and then, display them in a plain text
version of any language of the reader‘s choosing on the page. On a page of
the book.
Justin: Does it like, stick around?
Griffin: And actually, funny you ask. As you pick it up, the book, and open
it up to figure it out, the book sort of magically responds, and you can read 
the last message that was intercepted by the book, and it reads, um…
―Leeman Kessler and co. not who they say they are, stop. Charm magic spell
performed at the station, stop. Hand over to authorities immediately upon
arrival in Neverwinter, stop. 
Justin: Does the interceptor, as its name would imply, keep the message
from getting where it was going?
Griffin: Yes.
Justin: Or is it just sort of like—oh, okay.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Interesting. Okay.
Griffin: Uh…
Magnus: Angus, where did you get this book?
Angus: That‘s not important. What is important is that the three of you tell
me exactly what you're doing on this train, and what your real names are!
Taako: How about, we have the book, so why don‘t you tell us some stuff,
and then we‘ll give you your book back?
Magnus: Quid pro quo, Mr. Angus! Quid pro quo!
Taako: What he said.
Angus: How about I'm a little boy who knows that you're lying, and I can
yell and yell and yell and get you in lots of trouble.
Merle: How about, except for me, we‘re much bigger than you, and we can
thump your gourd?
Magnus: Okay, wait, wait, hold on.
Taako: The only good thing about him knowing you're lying is, you don‘t
have to do the voice in front of Angus. Um… y'know what? Here.
Justin: I toss him the book.
Angus: Thanks.
Travis: Yeah, I'm on board with that.
Taako: You seem okay. So what‘s the skinny, kid? My name‘s Taako. You
probably recognize me from TV!
Angus: TV hasn't been invented yet, sir!
Taako: This is a place out of time. TV might‘ve been invented.
Angus: I can explain everything if you come with me in my sleeper car.
There might be prying eyes and listening ears.
Taako: Sounds good.
Magnus: Yeah, nothing weird about three grown men accompanying Angus
to a sleeper car. Let‘s go!
Taako: Make sure we pass all the paparazzo on the way.
Griffin: Uh, the three of you retreat with Angus to his sleeper car. It
actually, uh, is a lot nicer than yours, which seems weird.
Travis: Cool.
Griffin: Uh, but he sits down on the bed and opens up his book and uh, he
says, uh…
Clint: God, he‘s not a brony, is he?
Angus: I‘m a mad brony, yo.
Justin: We love bronies.
Griffin: Uh, he says uh,
Angus: My name is Angus McDonald. That part you already know. Uh, I am
– and I‘m not being braggy, 'cause my grandpa says not to do that – but I
am the world‘s greatest detective.
Griffin: He says.
Travis: I roll my eyes.
Angus: Okay. I mean, I—I did detective good enough to see through your
horseshit, so… I can‘t be too bad.
Merle: Are you saying you‘re a boy detective?
Angus: I—if you want to be reductive. I have a motto and that‘s, ―Age ain‘t no thing. Anyway, I‘m the
world‘s greatest detective, and I‘m on the trail of a serial killer named the
Rockport Slayer. I was hired on by the Rockport City Council, and they—
Griffin: I didn‘t think those words through, I just sort of said them.
Angus: I was hired by the Rockport City Council to track down the Rockport
Slayer. He‘s a serial killer who‘s been giving them no shortage of trouble.
Magnus: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Angus: He‘s been in business in Rockport for a few months now. What he
does is, he targets wealthy individuals, and he murders 'em, and he takes
their riches. But he never leaves a trace behind him, and so, I'm trying to
track him down. I explained that, right?
Merle: That makes perfect sense.
Magnus: I think that we are working towards a similar goal. The three of
us, we work for an organization… let‘s leave it at that.
Angus: What‘s it called?
Magnus: I can't tell you. I literally—
Angus: Good detective work requires that you obtain as much information
about the case as you possibly can!
Taako: I'll tell him what it‘s called. It‘s called the—[static] Oh. [static]
Magnus: You got something in your throat?
Merle: You get that okay?
Angus: Is there some sort of magical charm preventing you from telling me
what it actually is?
Merle: Well, the thing that‘s preventing it is the—[static] of [static] that we
wear on our [static].
Angus: Okay.
Griffin: He looks over at your bracers.
Angus: Oh, I see. Those are some sort of communication enchanted
bracers, right?
Magnus: Dang, Angus!
Taako: You are good!
Merle: Woo!
Magnus: You are! You're real good!
Taako: That was a—right between the eyes. Got 'em.
Griffin: Uh, he says, uh…
Angus: I have reason to believe that the serial killer, the Rockport Slayer,
is somewhere aboard this train. Because last night, he murdered the real
Leeman Kessler.
Taako: Can I ask you a question, Angus?
Angus: Yeah, please.
Taako: I saw in the book, there was a message. Do you—does your book
tell you who a message is sent from, or do you just sort of snatch it out of
thin air?
Angus: Uh, according to this, it was sent through a magical line, down the
rails by a Tom Bodett.
Merle: I knew killing him was a—
Magnus: We should‘ve killed Tom Bodett!
Merle: I told you! I knew it! I knew it.
Griffin: Uh, to explain, when the charm person spell wears off, the person
who is charmed knows that you cast a charm person spell on him.
Clint: Oh, well…
Taako: If memory serves, we didn‘t even need to cast it. We just did it for
shits and giggles.
Magnus: So good job us.
Angus: Tell me this.
Griffin: He says.
Angus: I know that you all are restricted in what you can and can't tell me
through magical means. But can you tell me this – was Leeman Kessler
carrying something very valuable?
Magnus: He was.
Angus: Can you tell me anything about it?
Magnus: No.
Taako: Let me try. It, um… it was one of the [static].
Angus: Nope, that‘s not doing it.
Merle: Not gonna work.
Taako: Not working?
Merle: Look, kid, we‘re taking a lot of things on faith here. You're gonna
have to take some things on faith, too.
Magnus: Angus, here‘s what we can tell you.
Angus: Okay.
Magnus: This item, if it falls into the wrong hands, is remarkably
dangerous, is incredibly bad.
Angus: And this item, if my suspicions are to be believed, is locked up in
the safe in the cargo car. Is that correct?
Magnus: Well, that‘s not really that impress—that‘s where we lock stuff up,
Angus. You didn‘t really like, deduce the shit out of that one.
Taako: He wasn‘t showboating.
Angus: Yeah, I'm just sort of workin‘ with ya now.
Magnus: Oh, yes. Then yes, you're correct. Uh, that is correct, Angus.
It‘s—
Angus: Oh no, it‘s too late for that conversation, but let‘s move on.
Magnus: Okay. So the issue that we‘re dealing with, Angus, is it‘s back there. We
don‘t know very much about the item, except that it‘s very dangerous. We
have no—
Angus: Have you talked—have you tried explaining to the engineer so he
can open it up, so that you guys can secure it?
Magnus: The problem is—
Taako: Here‘s the problem – what we‘re talking about it so like, big deal,
we… we… this is gonna sound phony. But we don‘t know who we can trust.
Listen. Look at us. We‘re three grown men trusting a baby with these
secrets.
Angus: I'm not a baby!
Taako: We‘re not professionals.
Angus: I'm a—I'm an eight—how old—I'm ten—did I say how old I was last
time?
Merle: Ten.
Angus: Ten it is!
Taako: A master of observation indeed.
Merle: It‘s this attention to detail that convinced us.
Angus: If the object of value that the three of you are trying to claim is
somewhere on this train, then I have reason to believe that the Rockport
Slayer is somewhere on the train, too. So, we need to—
Griffin: Uh, as he‘s talking and explaining this to you, uh, you see a
shadow through the frosted glass of the sleeper car breeze past the
windows, and Angus gets very quiet, and he says…
Angus: I have reason to believe the Rockport Slayer is—
Taako: I can't hear you!
Angus: Well, there‘s not—
Magnus: What was that?
Angus: Prying eyes!
Merle: What?
Angus: Prying eyes!
Magnus: Huh?
Angus: Prying eyes! There‘s prying eyes and prying ears!
Magnus: Hey, shh! There‘s prying ears everywhere, Angus!
Merle: What are you yelling about, kid? Are you crazy?
Angus: I am 100% sure that the three of you don‘t possess the
competency required…
Magnus: Solid.
Angus: … to perform multiple murders without getting caught by me
already.
Taako: He is a good detective.
Magnus: That‘s pretty good.
Merle: Is that your way of saying we‘re off the suspect list for being serial
killers?
Angus: For now. But I will need you to help me catch and apprehend –
which also means catch – the real Rockport Slayer, who I know is
somewhere aboard this—
Griffin: Uh, from outside, down towards—
Clint: Dun dun dunnn!
Griffin: Towards the front of the train, you hear a high-pitched shriek.
―Aieee! How was that?
Travis: Pretty good.
Justin: That was good. It‘s like Westside Story in here.
Griffin: Uh, and Angus goes, uh…
Angus: Oh no, we need to go check that out right now!
Magnus: Wait, aboard this what? Aboard this what?!
Angus: Train.
Magnus: Okay, let‘s go!
Merle: Oh, whew. Okay.
Griffin: Uh, the three of you move from the sleeper car towards the front of
the train, towards the passenger car. Before you even reach the door to the
chamber between cars, uh, you see a large pool of blood on the outside of
the closed door. And there is actually a little bit of blood on the door itself,
also, but the door is closed.
Clint: Ooh, that sounds ookie.
Angus: I don‘t like the look of this one bit!
Magnus: Alright, well, you go first.
Angus: Okay, sounds fair!
Griffin: He says.
Merle: That is not like you at all, Magnus.
Griffin: Uh, and opens up the uh, door to the space between the sleeper
and passenger cars, and walks inside, and from where you're standing, you
can see a scene of pretty tremendous gore. Are you walking into the space
between the cars, or…
Clint: Yeah.
Travis: Yeah. Yeah.
Justin: Sure, yeah.
Griffin: I was gonna say, that‘s not very ―Magnus rushes in of you.
Clint: Yeah. 
Travis: Oh yeah. Magnus rushes in! It‘s been a while since I got to rush
anywhere.
Merle: Look, kid, you did the detective work. We‘ll do the heavy lifting,
alright?
Griffin: Uh, you are now in the space between the cars, which is a pretty
tight fit. Imagine about the size of like, an elevator car, with entrances on
both sides, one leading towards the front of the train, towards the passenger
one, uh, the one you just stepped through.
Clint: So it‘s enclosed, correct?
Griffin: It is enclosed. There are no windows. It‘s just sort of a, y‘know, like
a space between trains. I don‘t know how familiar with trains the three of
you are. Lying on the floor, uh, you see a body. Uh, this body is wearing
robes. It has been beheaded completely.
Justin: No!
Travis: Oh no!
Griffin: Uh, it‘s—both of its hands—
Clint: Reach inside its robe and see if you can find its rod.
Griffin: Both of its hands are missing, and—
Justin: Does it have a tie? Does it have a bowtie? Tell me it doesn‘t have a
bowtie!
Travis: Griffin!
Griffin: It has a shimmering, rainbow bowtie.
Clint: Nooo!
Travis: Nooo!
Justin: Nooo!
Clint: Jenkins!
Travis: We should have appreciated him while he was alive!
Justin: Jenkins!
Griffin: Uh, Jenkins has been beheaded, behanded—
Taako: If only you'd used one of your spell slots to defend yourself!
Magnus: Ohh, noo…
Griffin: In the corner, you see Angus leaning over the uh, body of Graham,
the—
Clint: Graham too?!
Justin: And he‘s just jerking it.
Griffin: He does not—he is not beheaded and behanded. He‘s not—he
doesn‘t seem to have any wounds. He‘s just lying on the floor, and uh,
Angus says, uh—
Travis: Who is Graham?
Griffin: Graham is the Juicy Wizard.
Travis: Ah, thank you.
Griffin: Uh, Graham is the Juicy Wizard, of course, that you all remember
and love.
Justin: Remember that great Adventure Zone character, the
Juicy Wizard, Graham?
Griffin: Yeah. Angus is uh, leaning over his body, and he says, uh…
Angus: He‘s just fainted!
Griffin: Uh, also in the car, you see uh, the drink cart that uh… what was
it? Jenkins, the dearly departed, was—
Travis: You forgot his name already, Griffin?
Griffin: Well, he‘s dead. We don‘t have to worry about him anymore.
Clint: You bastard.
Travis: He‘s been dead for seconds!
Griffin: Uh, and there is a considerable amount of blood on the floor here,
too. Uh, and uh… god, I got a lot of names going. Angus says, uh…
Angus: Look over the body as quick as you can before anybody else gets
here!
Merle: That‘s my job. Let me look at the—let me look at the body.
Magnus: Wait—okay.
Merle: Hmmm…
Griffin: Uh, you can all make investigation checks, if you'd like.
Clint: Well, I am the medical expert.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I want to—
Justin: That‘s true.
Travis: I want to see if the rod is missing.
Justin: That‘s a fair question.
Griffin: Uh, okay, you're gonna do that?
Travis: I rolled a 19.
Clint: What are we rolling?
Justin: And also, look for—investigation checks. And also, look to see if his
wand‘s there, too.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Uh, his—you rolled a what now?
Travis: 19.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, Magnus, you very quickly investigate his belongings.
There‘s no rod in his possession. There‘s no wand, no magical instrument.
Really, nothing on this guy.
Justin: A six for Taako. Did I find anything, Griffin?
Griffin: You're just sort of investigating?
Justin: Y'know, I'm looking, investigating the scene with my six.
Griffin: M‘kay. With a six, uh, investigation, uhh, you don‘t see a lot. The
only sort of peculiar thing you notice is that the uh, cut through the neck,
the sort of uh, carving job that happened there is very clean. There‘s a very,
very clean cut through the neck.
Clint: Let me investigate the body a little more. I rolled a 20.
Griffin: A 20? Okay. With a 20, you notice two things. First of all is that the
cut through the hands, the cut through the wrists I should say, to remove
the hands, uh, is not clean. It is not nearly as smooth, as professionally
executed I guess you could say, as the neck itself. And the other thing that
you notice is that Jenkins‘ clothes are, other than the blood that has gotten
on them, they are relatively unscathed, untorn. There doesn‘t appear to be
any sign of a struggle, just based on what he‘s wearing.
Um, uh, so the three of you have investigated the corpse, and—
Clint: Is he bleeding from the neck and the wrist?
Griffin: Oh, yeah yeah yeah. He‘s a sprinkler right now.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: He‘s one of those wacky sprinklers. Angus looks at you, and he
goes…
Angus: We need to get Graham to a bed or something as quick as—
Griffin: And he stops. And uh, looks up, and he says…
Angus: Nobody move.
Travis: I turn around.
Magnus: What?
Griffin: He uh, with a flick of his wrist, uhh, Angus produces a
hand crossbow from his sleeve and shoots it at ceiling. And as he does, you
hear… uh, a growling sound, like… Raaaah! Like
that.
Travis: Cool.
Griffin: And suddenly, a figure starts to take shape on the ceiling. Uh, first,
you see four very, very sharp, straight claws, almost like crab claws,
attached to a large, uh, round torso that, on the bottom of it, has a circular
mouth with three rows of glowing, orange teeth inside of it. And Angus
points at the door behind you and says…
Angus: I'm gonna get this guy out of here! You three, run!
Magnus: No, wait, hold on. We got this. It‘s cool.
Griffin: And uh, with that, Angus grabs Graham, and with a surprising
amount of strength for a little boy, pulls him out of the chamber. And just as
he does, this crab-like creature above you, his mouth, the teeth on his
mouth begin to spin. His mouth begins to glow.
Taako: I'm following Angus. I'll see you all in hell.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Come on, stupids!
Magnus: Alright, go! I'll get the rear! Go! We don‘t have any weapons!
Merle: We have magic.
Magnus: Well, some of us do.
Taako: 
Griffin: Which direction are—are you staying in the car? Are you running
towards Angus, or are you running away, towards the back of the car?
Travis: Is the thing still on the ceiling?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: I gave up my weapons. Did I give up my shield as well?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Aw.
Merle: You guys really want to run away? You don‘t want to fight?
Taako: I have no—we have no—I—
Merle: You have magic! You have offensive magic! I have offensive magic!
Taako: I want to tell you a story about the time that there were three
ogres, right? And then one of them hit me so hard, I almost died.
Magnus: 
Taako: You were sitting up in some sort of weird laser, just shooting flasks
willy-nilly, and Travis was ripping the arms off of robots, and I got punched
so hard, I almost died! I'm not gonna go toe to toe with a crab while you're
armed with a terrible Scottish accent, and Travis doesn‘t even have his
shield! I'm out! I mean—did I say Travis? I mean Leeman Kessler.
Magnus: Nope! Wrong all the way around!
Taako: Good enough. 
Griffin: Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master, your
friend. Thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone, episode 13, part…
uhh, four, I think, of Murder on the Rockport Limited. Speaking of, sorry
about the murder that just happened on the Rockport Limited. I did not
realize that Jenkins was gonna be such a crossover hit when we killed him.
But no use crying over spilled NPCs.
This week, The Adventure Zone is supported in part by Audible.com, the
internet‘s leading provider of spoken audio information and entertainment
with over 180,000 titles. Audible is offering Adventure Zone listeners a free
audiobook and a free 30-day trial membership.
To get a free audiobook of your choice now, you can go to
AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure, and go get yaself a book.
This week, we‘re also sponsored by Nature Box. Nature Box is the world‘s
leading provider for things that taste good in your mouth. Nature Box‘s
snacks are all made with zero artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners, zero
grams trans fats – that‘s hard to say – and no high fructose corn syrup.
It‘s so much better for you than all the garbage you normally eat, and it
doesn‘t taste like garbage. It tastes like jalapeno white cheddar popcorn,
which is great. Pistachio power clusters. Those are my jam. Big island
pineapple. I love to chew on those on the beach.
If this sounds like it‘s up your flavor alley, you can get a free trial box if you
go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, and get some free snacks.
Got a personal message here for Sophie ―Manfat Cannon, of the Kent
―Manfat Cannons, and it‘s from Matt. Matt says, ―To Sophie: Happy
approximately your birthday! Since moving to Hong Kong, life has been less
smelly and entertaining. 
I don't know if that means less entertaining… in conjunction with the smell
factor, or… ―You're the most adequate acquaintance a boy could wish for.
Can't wait to see you when I visit London in November. I will bring your
other birthday gift – my magnificent presence. P.S. Come to Hong Kong.
Kthxbye. 
I'm pretty sure Hong Kong and London are basically neighbors. But uh, as
this podcast has proved time and time again, I don‘t know shit all about
geography.
Just a little bit of general housekeeping this week. Uh, just a reminder – if
you tweet about our show with the #TheZoneCast hash tag, and spread the
word, there's a chance you could end up as a character on the show. Much
like Angus, and Graham, and Jess, and like, the billion people that I had to
come up with that are all on this train. That could be you! Just use the hash
tag, #TheZoneCast, on the Twitter.
If you want to submit an item that our heroes could possibly purchase at the
Fantasy Costco between adventures, you can shoot a short name,
description, and price for that item to AdventureZoneCast@gmail.com.
Also, if you want to see some pretty bitchin‘ fan art, then you can go to
TheAdventure.Zone, which is our central hub website where we post new
episodes, cool art that we've found, and character sheets, which I realize I
haven‘t updated in a long time. Uh, but, I'm busy. Get off my back, dad.
Wait, well, my dad‘s on the podcast, so I know that you're not him, but…
you know what I mean.
If you like our show, and you haven‘t checked out the other shows on the
Maximum Fun network, you should! Because they're all free, and they're all
really, really great. Uh, we have other shows on the network. Justin, Travis 
and I do an advice show called My Brother, My Brother, and Me. Justin does
a medical history show with his wife, Sydnee, called Sawbones. Travis does
an apocalypse show with his friend Andy, called Bunker Buddies.
Uh, there‘s also non-McElroy products on the network like Jordan, Jesse, Go,
Stop Podcasting Yourself, Throwing Shade, Pop Rocket, Lady to Lady, One
Bad Mother… there‘s a lot of jams on there, and you're gonna find something
that scratches your itch, I guarantee it.
That‘s all I've got for this week. Thank you all so, so much for listening and
sharing the show, and reviewing on iTunes. We feel your love on a daily
basis. I wake up in the morning, and it‘s like the first thing I feel. It hits me
like a wave, like, ―Whoaaa! Somebody out there likes listening to my family
roleplay! 
Anyway, that was stupid. Thanks for listening, and enjoy the rest of the
episode. Okay, so what have the three of you decided to do?
Travis: Lay out for me again... We‘re in a train car, right?
Griffin: You are in the space between the passenger and sleeper cars.
Travis: We‘re looking into the passenger car.
Griffin: You‘re—Angus has just pulled Graham into the passenger car, and
he told you to run the other way.
Justin: The weird crab is in front of the—
Griffin: Is on the ceiling, with its uh, glowing mouth pointed downward.
Travis: He‘s on the ceiling, in the space between.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: I have stopped time here for all of you, with my immeasurable DM
god magic, so that the three of you can make a decision.
Justin: I‘m—I mean, I already made mine. I like, pushed Angus outta the
way. Like, gimme, I‘m gone.
Travis: Yeah, I‘m going toward the passenger car, I guess.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you are in—
Travis: 'Cause it‘s better to stick together, I guess.
Griffin: Sure.
Justin: Whatever. Whatever helps you sleep at night.
Clint: Alright, I'll go along.
Griffin: Uh, the three of you follow Angus into the passenger car, uh, and
he yells…
Angus: Shut the door!
Travis: Were you born in a barn?! I shut the door.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you slam the door behind you, and as you do, you hear a
deafening roar come from that room, and the door seems to buckle and
rattle. Uh, you feel a burst of—
Justin: Can I try to do the foley?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, sure.
Justin: Arrr.
Travis: I brace against it.
Griffin: That‘s g—
Justin: Dad did it. I wanted to do it, but Dad did it.
Clint: I‘m sorry, I‘m so—I‘m helping.
Travis: Dad‘s the worst!
Justin: You weren‘t helping, I was gonna do a hilarious joke.
Griffin: Okay, we‘ll take it from the top.
Clint: Oh man.
Justin: Okay, Griffin can I do the foley on the roar, on the deafening roar?
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Rarrr.
Griffin: That was a pretty good joke. That was worth—that was worth doing
two takes.
Justin: That was worth--that was worth going back, don‘t you
think, Dad?
Clint: It was good, yeah. That was good!
Justin: Let‘s take one more pass at that, that one felt a little limp to me.
Griffin: Uh, a—
Justin: Raaarrr!
Clint: That was the door.
Griffin: Angus yells—
Justin: That felt good, that felt good to me.
Griffin: Angus yells—
Travis: Can we do a silly one, with maybe some like, we crunch up some
cellophane to make it sound like he‘s walking through the leaves?
Angus: Wow, that door sounded so realistic!
Taako: Oh, he found a horse!
Travis: Oh no!
Clint: Now he‘s underwater!
Travis: Oh, he‘s throwing punches! 
Clint: And now… I don‘t know what that was.
Justin: That was—
Griffin: The train de-rails, and everyone on board dies.
Justin: Leave that in the podcast.
Griffin: Do some fucking foley on that! I wanna hear the foley of all of your death rattles. Three ghosts appear and strangle all three of you to death. What‘s
that sound like?
Travis: That‘s my death rattle.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s a pretty good goof. The—you feel a sort of burst of hot
air come from behind this incredibly lifelike, rattling fantasy door. Angus
yells, uh…
Angus: What are you doing!? I told you to run towards the back of the
train! Sirs!
Magnus: Well we wanted to, like, protect you.
Angus: I don‘t need protecting! I need—you know what a great thing to do
to protect me would be?
Griffin: He says, uh, and the door behind you in the space where you found
the corpse just blasts open, and that crab, uh, that fiery crab monster
lurches through, and Angus yells…
Angus: It would‘ve been great if you had brought it in any other room,
except for the room that we‘re in now!
Taako: Well, how were we supposed to know what—
Angus: If you had maybe—
Magnus: You know what, listen…
Angus: If you could‘ve aggro‘d him, and trained him toward the back of the
train—oh I get why they call it that now. Anyway, we better roll initiative.
Justin: Ugh, Okay.
Travis: I rolled a… ten.
Clint: I rolled a 19.
Travis: Well…
Griffin: Damn, dawg!
Justin: Uhhh… 11. I wish I learned this one… chill touch. That sounds nice.
It‘s chill.
Clint: Heeey!
Travis: Heeey!
Justin: Chill, chill.
Justin: Hey, how 'bout a chill touch!
Travis: Chill touch!
Justin: Chill touch, just relax. Chill.
Travis: I think chill touch is what they do in Earth Girls Are Easy.
Justin: Be cool. Take a seat on my Adirondack chair.
Griffin: Okay. Uh… First in the order is Merle. First off, let me explain the situation. The
three of you are in the passenger car, which is, essentially, just a row of,
uh… two rows of benches on the left and right sides of the train, with some
windows, uh, next to each bench. Imagine just sort of the layout of a… well,
a train.
And in the front row, uh, sitting, who‘s just turned to, uh, survey the
deafening noise and yelling, you see Jess the Beheader. Uh, and just behind
you is Angus who is still dragging Graham, the fainted Juicy Wizard, away
from this crab, who is directly in front of you. And with that, uh, it is Merle‘s
turn.
Clint: So Angus is heading towards the front of the train…
Griffin: Angus is basically trying to get Graham away from… the monster.
Clint: Right, but I‘m trying to get the direction fixed in my head. Towards
the front of the train… the crab is toward the back of the train.
Griffin: Right, exactly.
Clint: Okay. I have decided to no longer try to be… Wesley. I‘m—
Travis: Hmm?
Clint: From Princess Bride. I‘m gonna fulfill my role as a cleric! I cast shield
of faith.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: A shimmering field that lasts for ten minutes, and will give each one
of the three of us plus two AC.
Griffin: Okay!
Clint: You‘re welcome!
Travis: Super cool.
Griffin: Ah, you gonna move, or do anything?
Clint: Nope, I'm just doing that. Casting shield of faith.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I hold up my book, my, my Extreme Teen Bible. A bright, clear,
crystal blue sheen erupts from it—
Travis: Wait, is it clear, or is it crystal blue?
Clint: Yes.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: It‘s crystal clear, blue, with a bluish—a slight bluish tint.
Travis: Translucent.
Justin: Uh, Griff, are we able to tell like, what it—does the crab seem
organic, or robotic, or what is it?
Griffin: Oh, it‘s organic. It‘s not, uh, an automaton. Uh, it is…
Justin: You know how Travis feels about those.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah. 
Travis: How big is it? Like, compare it to an animal?
Griffin: Uh, it is… the size of… a… hmm. That‘s a great question, Travis.
Sort of a Galapagos Turtle.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: Oh, that would hurt.
Griffin: What would?
Clint: If it—if it pinched us.
Griffin: Yeah. It was not—it doesn‘t have pincers, as much as it has these
long, razor sharp claws. And uh, a mouth that is very big, and has lots of
teeth like a Sarlacc.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: Yeah, but there‘s still good meat in there, I‘m tellin‘ ya.
Griffin: Oh, for sure, for sure, for sure.
Clint: Ooh.
Griffin: Um, okay, Merle, are you done? You‘re not moving?
Clint: That‘s it. I‘m not moving.
Griffin: Okay. The three of you are just standing shoulder to shoulder,
then, I guess. It is now the crab‘s turn. Uh, he scuttles towards the three of
you… uh, sort of rotates his body and rears back on one of his claws…
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: And swings one claw each at all three of you.
Justin: Sweet.
Travis: Oh, that‘s a cool look.
Griffin: Sort of just a, uh, just sort of a raking attack. Uh, we‘ll start with…
we‘ll start with Merle.
Clint: Now which one do I roll?
Griffin: I‘m rolling to attack your AC.
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: Uh, that is a 17.
Clint: Yeah, 18 is my armor class.
Justin: It actually is 20 right now, right?
Clint: Oh that‘s right, yes.
Griffin: Uh, okay, so his claw just sort of grazes you, and just sort of
glances off your pauldrons of your chainmail armor.
Clint: Ha!
Griffin: Uh, the next claw comes down on Taako, and that is… ooh,
goddamn, uhh, 24?
Taako: Just barely.
Griffin: Uh, and I‘ll go ahead and roll the attack on Merle too, to see if it
hits. Uhh, that is a… 18.
Travis: Wait, on me, you mean?
Griffin: Yeah. Sorry, Magnus.
Travis: My AC right now is 19. Thank you, Merle.
Griffin: Uh, okay. So Taako, you are the only one that got hit by that, and
you take… ooh, six… plus eight. 14 damage as he rakes it across your chest.
Travis: Um, am I correct in thinking that without my shield, I can‘t do…
Griffin: Yeah, you can‘t… I think that‘s true.
Travis: I think that‘s true, too.
Griffin: I‘m gonna say it‘s true, cause how—what the fuck, what are you
gonna do? Jump in front of it like, uh, in the line of fire?
Travis: I mean, I will, I‘ll take that damage.
Griffin: No. Uh, Taako took that damage. 14 damage to the Taako.
Justin: Wait, how many?
Griffin: Yeah, 14. Listen, you guys are level--what, level four now? You can
take a—you can take a beating. 14 is nothing. I shit and take 14 damage.
Travis: Really? You should see a doctor, Griffin.
Griffin: Next in the order is Taako. 
Travis: No, wait, wait, wait. It just says, ―Protection: when a creature you
see attacks a target other than you when it‘s in five feet— Oh, nope, you
must be wielding a shield. Okay, never mind!
Griffin: I was about to say, what are you—―Hey you! Cut it out! 
Travis: ―Get your damn hands off him! 
Griffin: ―You get your damn… lobster claws off him! 
Travis: No, Biff. Okay.
Griffin: Uh, Taako, it is your turn.
Justin: Where is the—the thing has made its way into the train car, right?
Griffin: Uh, it‘s right in front of you, yeah. All of you are about, uh… you‘re
sort of clustered up together, about, uh, eight feet from the door that you
came through.
Justin: Okay. Okay. I cast levitate on the crab.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Uh, okay.
Justin: It has to pass a constitution saving throw.
Griffin: Constitution‘s not this crab‘s strong point, which I‘m sure you‘ll be
happy to hear—glad to hear. Um, what is that—and then what? You just
fuck—you levitate him?
Justin: Yeah, he floats for ten minutes.
Griffin: Okay, I didn‘t know you can do that to other things.
Justin: And he can—well, you have to have a, I mean, if it‘s unwilling, you
have to pass a constitution saving throw.
Griffin: Okay. 11? Yeah, it didn‘t pass. Uh, okay, this crab is now levitating.
How high, and what does that mean?
Justin: It would float up to 20 feet. Um, right at this point. it can only
move, uh… let me just—
Griffin: If it uses another physical object to like, push itself?
Justin: Yeah, it can push off a surface within reach. Uh, I can change the
altitude by up to 20 feet in either direction on my turn. Can I say something
as a free action?
Griffin: Yeah.
Taako: Knock it out! Of the train!
Merle: Cool. Y‘know, basically, if you levitate it up to the roof you‘ve got a
crab on its back, not able to move.
Taako: Yeah, I wanna knock it out of the train!
Griffin: Magnus, uh, it is your turn.
Travis: Excellent. I‘m gonna step up and Phantom Fist it out a window.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: That is a… 17.
Griffin: And you have to beat AC?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh yeah, he has 16 AC, so…
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: That connects.
Travis: Um, so that hits 1d4…
Griffin: And don‘t you get some sort of bonus, for your unarmed?
Travis: Oh, it does, it does. It‘s um… 1d4, so I hit it for two, but I get to
push it…
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And I‘m gonna push it through the window. So basically I‘m
punching it out a window.
Griffin: The window is about, uh… six feet? Uh, which—to the left or the
right? You‘re basically in the center of the train right now.
Travis: I mean, I‘m punching it with my right fist, so—
Griffin: So it would be towards the left.
Travis: Yes.
Griffin: Uh, okay, you punch—and how far can you punch him with the
Phantom Fist?
Travis: I don‘t know.
Griffin: This pushes the target back 2d4 feet.
Travis: Oh, okay. Great.
Griffin: We will say, because he‘s experiencing some like, anti-gravity shit
right now, we‘ll bump that up to 3d4.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: So you need to get six if you wanna try and—
Travis: Four.
Griffin: —get him out of the train.
Travis: Six.
Griffin: Okay, yeah.
Travis: Uh, ten.
Griffin: Okay, you punch him, uh, towards the left side of the train. He hits
the glass and it shatters, but he gets a chance to, uh, try and grab onto the
sides of the train to avoid getting knocked out.
Let‘s do a straight up and down check. If it beats 10, then he manages to
hold himself. Uh, he got an 11.
Griffin: So you punch him. He, uh--his basically mouth side goes flying into
the glass and shatters it, but he manages to stab his claws into either side of
the window, and hold himself there without going out. But you did do some
damage to him.
Travis: I‘m gonna action surge and punch him again.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I‘m dedicated to this. I want this to happen real bad.
Justin: This needs to happen.
Travis: Uh, that is a 19.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, that does it. And you don‘t—I guess you don‘t need to
roll for distance. You roll damage, so go ahead and hit him.
Travis: Okay, two… that‘s another two… so all together, I have hit him for
eight damage.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And punched him out a window.
Griffin: Okay. Same chance to resist.
Justin: Wait a minute, why does he get a chance to resist Phantom Fist?
Griffin: So, if at any time, you are being, uh, knocked off a ledge to your
death, or being knocked into like, a hole, or any situation where you are
being killed with movement, you get a chance to—a reflex save to save
yourself. The only other time you wouldn‘t do that is if you‘re like, asleep or
unconscious or something.
Uh, but that time, he only rolled a seven. Uh, so, you, uh—he is latched onto
this window. You run out to him one more time and do like a jumping punch
attack, uh, and his claws, his claw-knees buckle and, uh, he gets pushed out
the window. You are on the inside of the tunnel, so he gets scraped up
against the side of the tunnel and train, uh, and you see him move down the
length of the train as it passes through this tunnel, and he‘s just sort of
getting mashed up.
Uh, he‘s not outside of the car for very long when you see another burst of
flame, and he sort of rocket propels himself, uh, back into the train about
two cars down.
Travis: Now hold on! Now…
Griffin: Uh, but! Because he just got straight up grinded, uh, down the
length of the train, we‘ll say he took, uh, 2d12 damage from that. That‘s a
10… And 11. Wowzers.
Travis: And I hit him for eight.
Griffin: 21. Yep.
Travis: So he‘s taken 29 points of damage.
Griffin: Yeah, and he is bloody, and he is further down the train, and that
was pretty fucking radical. Once again, I just want to thank Nature Box for supporting the
show this week. You can go to Nature Box to order hundreds of great
tasting, healthy snacks. Just go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, and you can
sign up for a free sampler box of great tasting, healthy snacks.
Thanks for listening! See you all next week!

[BAL14] 

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Angus: My name is Angus McDonald, but I am the world‘s greatest
detective!
Griffin: He says.
Travis: I roll my eyes.
Angus: Okay! I have reason to believe that the serial killer, the Rockport Slayer,
is somewhere aboard this train.
Griffin: You hear a high-pitched shriek. ―Aieee! Lying on the floor you see
a body wearing robes… it has been beheaded. Both of his hands are missing,
and it has a shimmering rainbow bowtie.
Travis: Nooo!
Justin: Jenkins!
Travis: We should have appreciated him while he was alive!
Griffin: Suddenly, a figure starts to take shape on the ceiling. The three of
you follow Angus into the passenger car. You feel a burst of hot air. The
door behind you just blasts open. That fiery crab monster lurches through.
Justin: I cast levitate on the crab.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Uh, okay.
Travis: I‘m gonna step up and Phantom Fist it out a window.
Griffin: He gets pushed out the window. He gets, uh, scraped up against
the side of the tunnel and train. He‘s not outside of the car for very long
when you see another burst of flame, and he sort of rocket-propels himself
back into the train about two cars down.
Travis: Now hold on! Now…
Announcer: Can our heroes solve the greatest mystery of all – love? Also,
murder? Let‘s find out in The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: Uh, so you just knocked this crab out the window and grinded it
down a little bit, and it rocketed itself back into the car a couple cars down
and you are running towards it?
Travis: Yes.
Taako: I did my part. I‘m gonna chill here.
Griffin: Okay, so Taako taps out.
Magnus: What? Wait, hold on!
Taako: Sitting down and chilling!
Griffin: Uh, the three of you start your pursuit of—
Taako: Two!
Merle: Two!
Griffin: —the two… Are you really chilling?
Taako: I‘m chilling. I‘m almost dead! I‘m gonna chill here, I did the whole—
I did the whole thing with the floating crab!
Merle: Don‘t worry, don‘t worry! Everything‘s going to be okay. Trust your
party.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Taako: Great.
Griffin: Uh, so Taako‘s just gonna kick it, I guess. Uh, so the rest of this
fight is just gonna be the Merle and Magnus show—
Merle: No, no, he‘s just sitting out for right now.
Taako: Fine, I‘ll come.
Justin: I limp behind them, blood gushing from my robes.
Travis: Ew…
Justin: It‘s very pitiful.
Griffin: Okay, uh, the three of you, one of whom is gooshing, begin your
pursuit. As you open up the passenger car door into the space where you
found the corpse, you don‘t find the corpse, because this entire room has
been basically incinerated. The, uh, the walls, the floor, the ceiling,
everything is sort of smoky and black, and the only thing on the floor is a
pile of black ash where the body of Jenkins used to lay. The drink cart—
Travis: First Barry Bluejeans, and now Jenkins?
Griffin: The drink cart in the corner is sort of melted down a little bit.
Taako: Nooo!
Merle: Not the drink cart!
Taako: This time they‘ve gone too far!
Merle: The crab dies.
Taako: The crab is done for.
Clint: Is this from the fire shooting out of the crab ass?
Griffin: Uh, yeah, the initial burst of flame that you shut the door to uh, to
avoid. As you push on through this darkened chamber, you begin to make
your way through the sleeper car. You open up the door in this chamber to
the sleeper car. Uh, the cars—the sleeping chambers are all lined up to your
right. You‘re in a very narrow hallway. And as you make it about halfway
through this car, the door on the other end also gets sort of shattered by
this crab that is now floating through the air, but still sort of flailing its four
powerful claws around.
Travis: Is it kind of cute?
Griffin: Uh, it‘s kind of adorable, yeah, sure.
Travis: ―Ree, I‘m a angry crab! He seems to say.
Clint: Hey, just for effect, have it crawling along the sidewall. That would
look cool.
Griffin: Uh, no, it‘s just sort of floating impotently through the air, just sort
of waving its claws around. Uh, and we are back up to the top of the order,
which is Merle.
Clint: Ah!
Griffin: Uh, the three of you are about halfway between the doors in this
car, and about 15 feet in front of you is the crab monster, who is floating
through the air.
Clint: Alright. I take out—
Griffin: He is bloodied by the way. He is beyond past half health.
Clint: Alright. I take out my warhammer.
Griffin: You don‘t have it.
Travis: Nope.
Clint: Just to see a reaction.
Griffin: Well, there it is. You don‘t have it.
Clint: I‘m just kidding, I‘m kidding. No, I‘ll cast healing word.
Griffin: Pretty good punk, Nick Cannon.
Clint: I‘m casting healing word on, uh—
Griffin: The crab.
Clint: On Taako!
Griffin: Oh, I see.
Clint: On Taako. And that‘s 2d4 plus five.
Griffin: Are you doing healing word or healing touch?
Clint: Healing word.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I have cure wounds. That‘s 1d8 plus five.
Griffin: It‘s up to you, homie.
Clint: Yeah, I‘m gonna go with what I said.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I'm gonna go with uh, healing word. It‘s 2d4 plus five, and so the
first one was a three.
Griffin: Pretty good!
Clint: And the second one‘s a three.
Griffin: Really good.
Clint: So that‘s six, plus five. That cures him for 11, heals him for 11.
Taako: Woo!
Griffin: Yeah. Does that—
Travis: He springs to his feet, and starts like, punching the air.
Clint: And then I reach out, and I drop my Extreme Teen Bible and I say…
Merle: Peace out.
Griffin: Okay. It falls through the floor—
Clint: Nooo!
Griffin: —and it‘s destroyed by the train‘s wheels. It‘s a very heavy bible. Both in terms of weight and subject matter.
Clint: I can‘t lose that, so…
Griffin: Next in order is the crab, who stabs two of its claws into the ceiling,
stabs one claw into either wall, piercing into one of the sleeping chambers.
Points its mouth at you, and you see its rows of teeth begin to spin and
glow. And then, from his pulsating orange mouth a column of flame bursts
down the car at all three of you. Uh, so go ahead and make dexterity saving
throws to see if you get out of the way of this column.
Clint: So he casts fire out of his ass and his mouth?
Griffin: This is his mouth.
Travis: I rolled a 19.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: 20.
Griffin: Wow.
Clint: 16.
Griffin: 16. Okay, all three of you, simultaneously, uh, I guess leap to the
right through the door of one of the sleeping chambers, very narrowly
avoiding this hallway-sized column of flame that shoots down and uh,
incinerates, basically, the carpet below your feet, and that is—
Clint: That was nice carpet too, remember? Remember how nice—
Griffin: Yeah, nice shag carpet.
Travis: It was nice. It was shag. Aw.
Griffin: Uh, so yeah.
Taako: Guys? Guys? That was our first moment of competence.
Magnus: Nice!
Merle: Holy crap!
Magnus: High fives all around.
Clint: And we miss.
Justin: And we miss. We miss the high five.
Merle: Ow! Right in the face.
Taako: Ah!
Griffin: Uh, okay. That is it for the crab‘s turn. He is still sort of
wedged in between, uh, the—he‘s still sort of positioned himself between the
wall and the ceiling to prevent the recoil from sending him rocketing
backward down the train. I really love that this fucking crab is floating now.
It completely changes this fight in my mind.
Clint: I‘m glad you‘ve embraced it.
Griffin: Yeah. Uh, next in order is Taako. The three of you are now sort of
squirreled away in, uh, we‘ll say it‘s your sleeper chamber. Uh, next to your
triple bunk beds, where you just dove in to avoid the spout of flame.
Travis: Is there any other furniture in the room? Is there anything else in
the room beside the bunk beds?
Griffin: Uh, there is a small sort of tea table. And, uh, two wooden chairs
next to it.
Clint: Any cutlery from, y‘know, a snack we might have had earlier?
Travis: There‘s a spoon on the table.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, there‘s a—there‘s a teaspoon, and a teacup and a teapot.
And a sugar bowl with some sugar.
Clint: Are any of those things shaped like a knife or an axe or a club?
Griffin: The spoon could be shaped like a club if you were a very small
person with a big imagination.
Clint: There is no life I know…
Griffin: Taako.
Travis: Uh-huh! Still fighting!
Griffin: Taako, take the wheel.
Clint: Taako, take the wheel…
Justin: I‘m casting Melf’s, uh, acid arrow.
Clint: Milf?
Griffin: Mel‘s? Hi I‘m Mel, and this is my favorite acid arrow.
Travis: I hope you enjoyed my acid arrow, kids!
Clint: And don‘t tell me to kiss your grits!
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Is that a reference to something, or…
Justin: What on the earth?
Clint: Alice.
Justin: You‘re appealing to a demographic that we do not—
Griffin: That does not— that doesn‘t exist in the world!
Clint: That‘s why I‘m here!
Griffin: To talk to ghosts?
Justin: Melf‘s ice, uh, Melf’s acid arrow.
Griffin: Mel—first, first of all move toward the mic. Second of all, is that
this is a spell that was created by a man named Mel?
Justin: No.
Griffin: Or a woman named Mel.
Justin: Melf. It‘s Mel B‘s scary acid arrow. Mel B‘s scary spice acid arrow. Uh, ―A shimmering green arrow streaks toward a target and bursts
with a spray of acid. Make a ranged attack against the target. On a hit, the
target takes 4d4 acid damage immediately and 2d4 acid damage at the end
of its next turn. 
Griffin: Wow! Shit!
Clint: Scary Spice was the most dangerous of all the Spice Girls.
Griffin: I mean, that‘s obviously not debatable.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: Sporty—Sporty, I don‘t know, actually.
Travis: I was always most terrified by Baby, but I think that‘s just 'cause of
like, weird issues, I don‘t know.
Justin: Okay, I‘m making a ranged attack.
Travis: Oh yeah, sorry.
Griffin: Okay. Are you poking your head out the—are you moving back to
the hallway, or are you just sort of—
Justin: Sort of just like sticking out my umbrella out the door, and
blasting—
Griffin: I fucking love it.
Clint: Holy crap! He didn‘t make that up! That‘s a real spell!
Justin: Thank you.
Griffin: Uh, okay. So you‘re just poking your arm out the window.
Justin: And my head. I mean, I‘m poking my head out.
Griffin: Okay. You‘re leaning out of the car to blast—
Justin: So I can see.
Travis: He‘s holding a mirror up out the door.
Griffin: Uh, go ahead and make a ranged attack.
Justin: What do I do? What is that—how do I do that?
Griffin: Uh, you just roll a d20, and add your spell casting modifier to it.
Justin: 11.
Griffin: 11 total?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: That doesn‘t do it.
Justin: Okay. So on a miss…
Clint: So their armor does not decrease when they take damage right?
Griffin: No. Are you talking about the crab monster or what?
Clint: The crab monster. I guess its shell. I would think it was cracked, and
wouldn‘t take as much damage.
Justin: Okay, so I‘m gonna do 2d4. Two…
Travis: On a miss?
Justin: Yeah.
Travis: That‘s awesome.
Justin: Just splashes 'em with acid.
Griffin: Does it says half damage? 'Cause if that‘s the case, you actually roll
4d4 and divide in a half.
Justin: Okay. Two, three, one, two. Two, two, three, one, two… Eight.
Travis: Eight.
Griffin: Eight.
Justin: Four.
Griffin: So it takes four damage. Okay, you shoot it. It just sort of, uh, falls
to the ground right below it, and some of the acid splashes up onto the crab
monster, and it takes four acid damage. You hear it sizzle away, and it
actually smells weirdly delicious.
Travis: Mmm!
Clint: That‘s what I was gonna say, see if you have a melted butter spell.
Griffin: Yeah, it would have to be clarified, though.
Clint: Okay. A melted butter spell where it melts butter, how‘s that for clarification?
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Wow, that was good. 
Clint: Thank you. 
Griffin: What a rib tickler. It‘s a thinker, and it tickled my ribs.
Clint: It works on a lot of different levels!
Griffin: Magnus!
Travis: We‘ll send that into Dad Jokes Weekly. Um, I grab one of the
chairs. From the room.
Clint: Good.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And I run up to the crab, and two-handed clobber it.
Griffin: Alright, we‘re gonna have to come up with some numbers. 
For chair. It‘s gonna be blunt damage, obviously.
Travis: Yup!
Griffin: Uh…
Clint: It‘s a metal chair. I remember you saying that earlier.
Griffin: No I specifically said it was a wooden chair. Wowzers!
Clint: Crap!
Griffin: Um, okay so this is a, uh, a heavy wooden chair. Let me—hold on
Clint: Hey, can it be one of those La-Z-Boys that‘s such a—
Travis: Yeah, I heft the La-Z-Boy over my head.
Griffin: We‘ll say this has the same characteristics of a club. I think that‘s
fair. I‘ll say 1d6, but because you‘re so skilled in carpentry, I imagine that
you‘ve had to attack somebody with a chair before. So you definitely have expertise on this, that‘s not debatable. And
you also, like, are just really good at hitting shit with chairs made out of
wood, so I‘m gonna say 1d8. You have expertise with it, and I‘m gonna give
you a point of inspiration. A, for making a makeshift weapon, and B, for
picking a makeshift weapon that is so completely within your wheelhouse.
Travis: Thank you. Um, well, if I have expertise with it, then I rolled a 17
plus six, so that‘s 23…
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And then I roll a d8…
Griffin: D8, yeah.
Travis: And I rolled a four. Um, if I have expertise it‘s plus six, so I hit it for
10.
Griffin: Okay. You hit it for 10 damage, loosing it from the wall and ceiling
where it had perched itself, so it‘s now sort of just floating aimlessly
backward down the, uh—
Clint: Ugh! It‘s still alive?!
Griffin: —hallway. Uh, yes but it is very, very, very bad off.
Clint: It is almost impossible to get rid of crabs, have you noticed that?
Griffin: Oh, man.
Travis: I have. Bringing the heat!
Griffin: You are really on some next level shit right now, Daddy. Uh, you
hear the door—
Travis: What—wait, what happens to the chair in my hand?
Does it remain whole, or does it—
Griffin: Oh no, sorry, it explodes. It shatters in your hand. You just broke—
you broke this shit off, in its ass.
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: Uh, the door to the passenger car behind you slides open, and you
see an imposing, almost square figure filling the doorway. Uh, and this
figure runs at full speed towards Magnus‘ position, towards the crab.
And as this figure moves forward, you make it out as Jess the Beheader,
who sprints towards the crab at lightning speed, does this sort of like Ong
Bak jump off one wall, and then another, and then sort of cannon ball flies at
this crab, and then, in mid-air, you see the shape of her axe, uh, just appear
in her hands. And she brings it down on this floating fire crab. And she—
Travis: And she misses! 
Griffin: —she literally crit. That‘s not a fakey fake bullshit thing. I‘ll
Facetime you the dice, but she crit. She crit on this crab. There was a five
percent chance she was gonna crit, and it happened.
Clint: A crab crit.
Justin: A crab crit. I waited a whole show for this.
Griffin: Pan—Pan is good, thank you for the crit. Uh, she, uh…
Clint: … rolls dice until she gets what she wants.
Griffin: She does 29 damage, uh, cutting the crab into two pieces, and—
Travis: And Magnus raises his hand and says…
Magnus: I did 29 damage punching it out a window. It‘s not that big a deal
guys, alright? We all did 29 points of damage.
Griffin: And as its two composite halves float through the air, uh, both
pieces of its corpse turn to ash.
Clint: Nooo! I was gonna eat it!
Griffin: And fall to the ground.
Justin: Them‘s good eating. I say…
Taako: Hey, great timing!
Travis: And Magnus says…
Magnus: I—I had it.
Griffin: She says, uh…
Jess: Sorry I, uh… I had a pretty bad initiative roll.
Travis: ―Sorry, I was pooping. It took me a while to get to where you
were. 
Jess: To be fair, it looked like you guys had it handled, but I thought I
could help out any way I could.
Justin: Look, let‘s just let Dad get it out of his system. I guess we‘re
the kings now. Is your—
Clint: King crab. Ah!
Justin: King crab. Okay.
Magnus: We were in a bit of a pinch.
Taako: Right.
Merle: It was kind of a crusty crab.
Taako: Okay.
Travis: Well that‘s just—
Griffin: You just said the name of a thing.
Travis: Yeah, that was not very good.
Clint: Now it was—it was a lowercase c.
Taako: We did a claw-some job.
Jess: These are all great!
Griffin: She says.
Merle: Okay. We‘re done. I‘m done. I‘m done.
Taako: I‘m done.
Magnus: Yeah, we don‘t wanna be shellfish.
Merle: Ohhhh!
Taako: Come on guys, we‘re crustacean time.
Griffin: Sorry, did you just say ―we‘re crustacean time ?
Clint: Okay.
Taako: Yeah, it‘s like wastin‘ time.
Clint: So does this mean—
Travis: You get it!
Clint: —we don‘t get experience from this kill?
Griffin: No, she stole your—she KS‘d you, bruh.
Travis: Nooo!
Griffin: She rolled up on that mob you were camping, KS‘d it right from
under you.
Clint: Gah, just like Azeroth.
Griffin: Uh, I mean, I was making some Everquest references, but…
Justin: Did you ever play Everquest, Dad? Let‘s talk about that.
Griffin: Let‘s take a moment, let‘s just take the next ten minutes, 'cause I
didn‘t have anything else to talk about before we do the break, and let‘s talk
about Dad‘s Everquest experience.
Justin: Did you ever play Everquest, Dad? I don‘t remember.
Clint: I did play Everquest, yeah. It‘s alright.
Griffin: Uh, no, you guys actually did get some experience points, I was
just goofing. But no loot. There is no loot that came out of the—unless you
like crab ash, in which case…
Travis: Would you say—would you say the experience, and like, the victory,
was its own reward?
Griffin: Uh, yeah, I would say that you feel fulfilled on a deep spiritual
level.
Travis: I got to use the chair!
Griffin: Yeah, you used a chair, you punched a thing out a window, it was
pretty—
Clint: Yeah, and we all acknowledge, that was really great when you used
the chair! Geez, god…
Travis: Thank you.
Clint: I think we wanna—I wanna find out a little bit more about, uh, Jess
the Beheader.
Travis: I turn to Jess and say…
Magnus: Hey that glow, that like, spiritual axe thing was pretty damn
sweet!
Jess: Oh, it‘s not spiritual, it‘s just soulbound to me. Um, I can—I can just
sort of bring it—bring it to me whenever I need it.
Magnus: Can I have it?
Jess: Oh no, absolutely not, 'cause it‘s not soulbound to you!
Magnus: Well, could we soulbound—like, is it like a—like we—blood brother
kind of thing, where like, we cut our palms, shake hands, and then I can use
it, too?
Griffin: She says, uh…
Jess: Listen, as the, the world heavyweight champion of the WWE, uh, I
know my way around some good chair usage, and that was—
Taako: What‘s that—what‘s that stand for again?
Jess: The Midworld… Wrestling… Federation.
Merle: Spelled without the F.
Magnus: Yeah, and without the M.
Jess: Well, there was a lawsuit, the—it‘s very, very complicated. Um,
anyway, I know good chair usage when I see it, so I do actually want you to
have this axe.
Griffin: And she hands the handle—
Clint: Oh my god!
Griffin: —hands the handle towards you and she says…
Jess: I just want you to know that uh, I‘m just very impressed.
Griffin: She says, and puts the handle in your direction.
Magnus: Thank you.
Travis: I take it.
Griffin: Uh, as you take it, it disappears from your hand and reappears in
hers. She goes…
Jess: Ahh! 
Travis: We both have a good laugh.
Jess: That‘s—that‘s one of my favorites!
Griffin: She says.
Magnus: That was pretty good! I‘m Magnus the Hammer.
Clint: But good job reinforcing your image as a panhandler.
Travis: Thank you. Listen, you only get what you ask for in this life, Dad.
Griffin: Uh, she says…
Jess: Ah! What was it? Magnus the hammer? Or—
Magnus: Magnus the Hammer.
Jess: Okay. Is the—is ―The Hammer your last name?
Magnus: No! Is ―The Beheader your last name?
Jess: Uh, legally, yes, I got it changed. For my brand.
Magnus: Then me too!
Merle: Actually, Magnus is his stage name.
Taako: His stage name, his uh—
Merle: His real name is Diddley.
Magnus: Listen guys, we just blasted a giant crab, I think we‘re past the
point of fake names.
Merle: I don‘t think so.
Magnus: I do.
Clint: Who‘s running this heist?
Travis: Magnus is making a unilateral decision.
Griffin: I am just—I just want to say, when I was writing this mystery
chapter, how certain I was that the three of you were not going to be
capable of introducing yourselves to the characters I was creating. And you
have fulfilled that prophecy just with flying colors.
Clint: Well…
Griffin: Uh, she says…
Jess: Do you guys have any idea where that thing came from?
Merle: The beach…?
Magnus: It was on the ceiling. I think it came from the ceiling.
Taako: Yeah, well, uhh… Let me ask you a question. Can we shoot straight?
Jess: Yeah.
Taako: Why are you on the train? Do you have like a weird crazy reason for
being on the train?
Merle: Everybody else has.
Taako: Are you just like, on the train? Nobody‘s like, just on this train. Are
you on the train? Just on the train?
Jess: I‘m on the train, yeah, I‘m doing a hype tour for my upcoming match,
my upcoming fight. And uh, I‘m going to Neverwinter to do a junket.
Griffin: She says.
Merle: Who you—who you fighting?
Jess: Oh I‘m fighting… Greg the Leg… leg-cutter.
Magnus: Oh, I‘ve heard about him.
Jess: It‘s supposed to be a pretty good matchup, because like, I swing
high, he swings low.
Merle: Greg the Leg-leg-better?
Taako: Just—his name is Greg the Leg-leg-cutter?
Merle: His name was Greg the Bed-wetter-lead-wetter, but he realized that
wasn‘t as good.
Jess: And his favorite song was Yellow Ledbetter. But now, he‘s just Greg
―The Leg Leg-cutter.
Taako: And his wrestling uniform is red leather, yellow leather.
Jess: But no, I have a great reason for being on this train. Why, do you
suspect me of something, huh?
Taako: No, it‘s just like everyone has a crazy reason—like, we said we were
here for—I don‘t even remember!
Magnus: It just, it‘s all gone to hell.
Taako: It‘s all gone to hell. There was a crab, and then Encyclopedia
Brown showed up, and he left, and then Jenkins died. That was okay. And then, you have this axe, it‘s magical—it‘s been a really
exhausting day. I‘m Justin? I think.
Magnus: Holy shit. Okay, wait. Uh, excuse me for just one second, Jess, I
need to talk to my compatriots for just a moment.
Jess: Yeah, that‘s fine, I‘m gonna go check out the uh, the uh, scene of the
crime, see if there‘s anything I can do to help.
Griffin: She says, and walks back towards the passenger car.
Magnus: Cool cool, yeah, do that, do that.
Magnus: You guys… Jenkins was beheaded. It‘s there in the name. She‘s
the only one we‘ve seen with an axe so far, and it was a clean beheading.
Merle: That‘s true. But… how do we know for sure it was Jenkins?
Magnus: I don‘t know that we do, why else you remove the
head and hands? And the hands were done separately, 'cause the cuts were
not as clean.
Merle: Hmm. So maybe whoever took the hands… didn‘t take the head?
But if you took the hands, then there‘d be no fingerprints, and if you took
the head, there‘d be no dental work, and you couldn‘t identify who
it really was.
Taako: Unless there was some sort of… magic, but who‘s ever heard of
such a thing. Oh wait a minute, it‘s D&D! This isn‘t CSI, papa, we don‘t need
fingerprints! We‘re not gonna send it to the lab! What are you talking
about?!
Merle: Let me tell you something. If we send it to the lab, we‘ll be… lab
rats.
Clint: Yeeeaaahhh!
Travis: Yeah, that‘s not good.
Griffin: But that‘s not—that doesn‘t even work, 'cause it—
Justin: He just removed—he literally removed his glasses, for an audience
of me.
Griffin: That‘s fine, but this isn‘t like a fucking Redwall RPG! You‘re not
rats!
Travis: If we were rats. Okay wait, is it too late to retcon that
we‘re all rats? Or ratcon?
Griffin: Yeah, this a Redwall RPG, and…
Travis: Okay, whew! Now do the joke, Dad, do the joke now.
Clint: I‘m not in the mood anymore now.
Travis: Ah… see Griffin, you ruined it.
Griffin: Yeah, nor I. Yeah, I‘m the one who ruined that.
Justin: He‘s not a dancing rat.
Travis: I don‘t get that one.
Clint: Alright. It—we‘re in NIMH.
Magnus: Okay. So, the only people we‘ve ever encountered on this train,
are Jess, Jenkins—
Griffin: God I hope you‘ve been taking notes.
Magnus: Yeah. Jess, Jenkins, Angus…
Merle: Graham?
Taako: Graham the Juicy Wizard.
Magnus: And the conductor. Or the engineer.
Merle: Who we haven‘t seen hide nor hair of…
Magnus: And so, if someone killed Jenkins, or someone killed someone, it‘s
one of those five, or someone we haven‘t seen before.
Merle: Yeah, I‘d say that‘s right.
Griffin: So it‘s either one of those five people, or someone on the planet.
Merle: Or anybody else.
Magnus: Well it‘s not Angus.
Taako: Is it me?
Magnus: It might be Taako. Has anyone kept an eye on Taako the whole
time?
Taako: I‘m literally asking. I have spells.
Magnus: I think the thing that we need to do is interrogate the only other
person that was at the scene of the crime. We need to talk to Juicy
Wizard.
Merle: We do. We need to squeeze the Juicy Wizard.
Travis: There it is.
Griffin: There‘s a joke! There‘s a joke that works!
Justin: That was a joke.
Clint: I‘m done. I haven‘t got anything else. I‘m just gonna sit back here.
Griffin: You‘re throwing—you‘re throwing a lot of spaghetti at the wall, but
like, our listeners can‘t choose what spaghetti to eat. They‘re eating all the
spaghetti that is thrown. And some of it, some of it has floor dirt.
Travis: Griffin, you‘re getting pretty saucy.
Clint: Ha ha ha ha, it‘s linguine.
Griffin: I‘m in hell. Hey, everybody. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master.
Although, I have never taken this campaign into a dungeon yet, so I'm
starting to think that maybe a new title would be appropriate. Anyway,
thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone, episode 14.
This episode of The Adventure Zone is sponsored by Nature Box. Nature Box
is a remote provider of delicious, healthy snacks that are all made with zero
artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners, zero grams trans fats, and no high
fructose corn syrup. You don‘t need that fructose! That‘s a chemical, and
most chemicals are poison!
Next time you're hungry, imagine this. Close your eyes and imagine this on
your tongue and in your mouth. Jalapeno white cheddar popcorn, pistachio
power clusters, big island pineapple, dark cocoa nom noms, blueberry Greek
yogurt pretzels? Their shit is popping off at Nature Box, and you can join the
Nature Box experience for free if you go to NatureBox.com/Adventure.
They're gonna send you a free trial box of their favorite snacks. Again, that
is NatureBox.com/Adventure. Go get your mouth fed. Go get your tummy
happy.
The Adventure Zone is also supported this week in part by Plaid Hat Games,
which is a producer of fun and engaging board games. They have created
titles like Specter Ops, which is a stealth action game where one player
plays a spy infiltrating a facility while all the other players are spy hunters
who are trying to track them down and kill them before they can complete
their objective.
They have other really cool games, too, like Dead of Winter, which is a
psychological survivor game, set after this wintery apocalypse. There‘s also
a game called Mice and Mystics, which they actually sent me, and I haven‘t
played yet, but I'm very excited to, because you play as fantasy mice! Which
is weird, considering what we just talked about on the show.
Their games look super cool, super-duper nerdy, which I'm real into, and
you can find them all at PlaidHatGames.com.
Thank you to everybody who has been tweeting about and sharing the show
on Twitter and Facebook and LinkedIn and Friendster. We really appreciate
it. As always, if you tweet the show with the #TheZoneCast hash tag, there‘s
a chance that you might end up as a character in the campaign. We haven‘t
added a new one yet, and probably won't until we get through this chunk of
the adventure, which we‘re a little bit over halfway through. God, I hope you
guys like murder mysteries.
And thank you to everybody who has reviewed the show on iTunes. We have
a lot of really positive reviews on there, and that really helps us out. If you
haven‘t taken the time to do that, we sure would appreciate it if you could
get on iTunes and give us a rating.
If you haven‘t listened to the other shows on the Maximum Fun network,
you totally should do that, because they're all free, and they're all totally
fantastic, and I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there‘s gonna be at
least one other show on the network that is going to appeal to you. Maybe 
it‘s gonna be Judge John Hodgman. Maybe it‘s gonna be Lady to Lady.
Maybe it‘s gonna be Wham Bam Pow. Maybe it‘s gonna be one of the other
shows that we do, like My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Bunker Buddies, and
Sawbones. Whatever your flavor craving is, you can satiate it at
MaximumFun.org.
Also, if you want to send a personal message to somebody using me as your
conduit through this show, you can go to MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron, and
there, you'll be able to find out how you can give us a little bit of cash, and
we will help distribute your message, get it out there, whatever that
message may be.
That‘s it for my commercial shilling for this week. Our next episode‘s up on
May 21st, so we will see you then. Let the investigation begin! I want y‘all to get NCIS on this shit.
Taako: I think we should talk to Graham.
Travis: Uh, I smack Graham in the face, and say…
Magnus: Wake up!
Griffin: Okay, you‘re suddenly in the passenger car. Um, you slap Graham
in the face. He is laid out on one of the benches on the right side of the
passenger car. In the passenger car is Angus, who is looking all around that
chamber in between the cars where the murder took place. Or I should say,
where the corpse was found. You don‘t know whether or not the murder
actually took place there.
And Jess the Beheader, who is just sort of chilling. I don‘t know what she‘s
doing. Listen, I‘m controlling like six human minds at once in this thing.
Clint: You‘re remarkable, Griffin.
Griffin: I‘m pretty amazing. I basically have six normal brains. Or maybe
one brain that‘s six times the size of a normal person‘s brain.
Clint: I need to ask a question.
Griffin: Yup.
Clint: Is this… is this the big parlor scene, where the detective figures it out
and unveils the secret? Because—
Travis: Well, only time will tell, Dad.
Clint: Okay, then let me ask another question – are we agreed that we‘re
doing away with the whole ruse that we‘re these other people—
Justin: We can‘t make that decision out of character. If we‘re gonna make
that decision, we have to talk about it.
Clint: Okay.
Merle: Alright lads.
Justin: Oh fuck.
Merle: Are we givin‘ up—are we givin‘ up the fake identities?
Taako: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Magnus: Yes. A thousand times yes.
Merle: Good. Then I cast zone of truth.
Griffin: How many zones of truth did you fucking prepare?! Were you like,
―Good morning, everybody! Give me like 30 minutes to stock up on all my
truth zones! 
Clint: It failed! And you said we rested and got everything back!
Griffin: Uh, okay. So you‘re busting out your—you‘re just like a zone of
truth cleric.
Clint: I don‘t bring a lot to the table!
Griffin: No healing, no fiery beams of purifying, sanctified light required, I
just make people tell the truth.
Clint: Well, yeah. Simplifies things.
Travis: Before I wake up Graham, is he still passed out? Is he still out?
Griffin: Uh, no, he has a cool compress on his forehead. Uh, and he‘s lying
there, he‘s white as a sheet, and he is trembling. Uh, he looks a little green
around the gills.
Travis: I still smack him.
Griffin: M‘kay, you smack him as hard as you can, and he says—
Travis: No, I didn‘t say as hard as I can, I smack him… 20 percent.
Griffin: Okay, uh… just 20 percent? That‘s still h—
Travis: 20 percent.
Griffin: That‘s hard enough to kill some things.
Travis: Okay, five percent.
Griffin: Okay, five percent, you shatter all of his teeth, and—
Travis: With my left hand. With my left hand.
Griffin: Oh, with your left hand. Okay. Well then, uh, he takes the slap at
five percent force, and sits up and goes…
Graham: What are you doing, man?! I was awake!
Magnus: No, you need to wake up!
Graham: I was awake! I was conscious!
Magnus: No, I mean, I mean like, metaphor—like metaphorically, wake up!
Graham: To what? That hurt a lot!
Magnus: Well, you‘ll hurt a lot worse—
Merle: 'Cause this shit is getting real.
Magnus: It‘ll hurt a lot worse if you lie to me.
Graham: Okay, am I—are you interrogating me? What‘s going on?
Magnus: It seems like it.
Taako: Listen, I‘m sorry about my partner, he can come on a little strong.
Travis: I walk to the back and cross my arms and start fuming.
Merle: We‘re doing bad adventurer, good adventurer.
Taako: Listen. Help me out here.
Graham: But there‘s three of you, so is one of you just a neutral
adventurer?
Magnus: It‘s good adventurer, bad adventurer, adventurer reading a book.
Graham: Okay.
Taako: I—listen, my partn—help me out, this guy‘s a loose cannon. Give
me something to work with here. What did you see in the car? We found you
with uh, a corpse that looks kind of like Jenkins. Did you—what did you see,
what happened?
Graham: It was Jenkins, it was Jenk—I was sitting here, in the passenger
car. I decided that I wanted to go and see if I could take a round on the
pleasure chamber, and so I walked back, and when I opened the door to
the—to the sleeper car, I saw a th—I saw a corpse on… I saw a body on the
ground, without a… ugh…
Griffin: He faints.
Travis: I step back up and I smack him. This time, 6.5 percent.
Graham: Whoa! That smack hurt 1.5 percent more than the last one,
how—what are you doing to me?
Magnus: You don‘t get out of this by passing out, Juicy.
Justin: Well statistically speak—I mean, not to quibble, but if it was 6.5
percent, it would hurt a little over 20 percent more than the one before it,
because the one that preceded it had been five…
Graham: Well I took an estimate—I took an educated guess at what 100
percent of his smack would feel like, and so…
Taako: Okay. That made sense to me. Okay.
Magnus: Graham—
Merle: Want a cup of coffee? Can I get you a little something?
Graham: That would be great, except the drink cart just got obliterated, so
I don‘t know how you‘re gonna do that. I keep slipping into Angus!
Travis: I look at Graham and say…
Magnus: When you saw the body, did it have hands?
Graham: No! There were no hands, it had been beheaded and behanded.
Magnus: And you had—and you had been in the passenger car.
Graham: I was in the passenger car, yeah, I was in here with—
Magnus: For how long?
Graham: Uh, for about 20 minutes or so. Uh, uh, uh, I was in here with
Jess, um, she—she was in here too when I walked back to—t check out
the—to go to the pleasure chamber, and uh…
Magnus: We heard a shriek, was that you, Graham?
Graham: I don‘t remember shrie—I have a pretty gravelly, mature…
Magnus: Graham…
Graham: … masculine voice, so I don‘t think, uh…
Magnus: Graham…
Merle: Why don‘t you use it?
Graham: This is it.
Magnus: Oh snap. 
Merle: Hey listen, I couldn‘t find any coffee, but they had these little Andes
mints, you know those little chocolate mints? Here, have a couple of those,
and just answer the nice—the nice men.
Magnus: Wait are we doing good cop, bad cop, mom cop?
Graham: Okay. Thanks, mom.
Griffin: He says, and takes them, and unwraps them.
Taako: That‘s really good, 'cause now he‘s safe from Dementors, too.
Griffin: He says, um… 
Travis: Let him finish.
Merle: Or did that come from the Ex-Lax box?
Graham: Oh god. Um. Let me—let me think. Um…
Merle: Yeah, it was the Ex-Lax box. You better hurry.
Graham: So, now that I‘m on a pretty tight schedule…
Justin: So wait, good cop, bad cop, diarrhea cop? Is that what we‘re doing?
Graham: Uh, the last time I saw Jenkins was, uh, it was just a few minutes
before I found him. He—he came up and he did a drink service up here. Um,
he went to the, the front of the train, and then brought us back drinks, and
then went back towards the back of the train. And then, I went back there a
few minutes later to see if he could take me to pleasure town.
Taako: This next part‘s extremely important.
Graham: Go.
Taako: When he was doing the drink service, did you notice him setting
aside any drinks or anybody taking extra drinks they might have been
putting aside for later? Are there somewhere on the train we can find some
drinks?
Graham: I don‘t think so. I—
Taako: Think about it carefully! You didn‘t even think.
Merle: This is really important. Just help him out.
Taako: The drink cart is gone.
Merle: He‘s got the shakes pretty bad.
Taako: I‘ve already got the shakes.
Magnus: Taako needs his medicine.
Taako: Daddy needs his special magic juice. No, but what were we saying? Jenkins… ah. Try again.
Magnus: Jess! Can you corroborate this story? Like, you were here the
whole time, right?
Griffin: Uh, Jess looks back at you, uhh, she says…
Jess: Yeah, I was—yeah, I was here the whole time. Uh, and he was here,
too. I saw him shriek and then fall down like uh, some sort of small child.
Magnus: Uh-huh.
Jess: And the door shut behind him. Uhh, I gotta be honest, I didn‘t think
anything of it. I just—I thought maybe he was having a conniption or
something. Um…
Taako: Jess, you didn‘t kill Jenkins, did you? I only ask because of the
beheader, y‘know.
Jess: The what?
Taako: To be thorough. The Beheader, you‘re Jess the Beheader?
Jess: No, that‘s like a stage—that‘s a thing I do for work! I don‘t—do you
go—sorry, what‘s your job?
Taako: Wait, you didn‘t answer—
Jess: No, before I insult you, I need to know what your job is.
Taako: Me?
Jess: Yeah.
Merle: Bodyguard! Oh, no, we‘re not doing that anymore.
Taako: I‘m… I‘m Justin! …Taako?
Magnus: Mm-hmm.
Jess: You are—you are impossible to talk to, and this is the worst
conversation I‘ve ever done.
Taako: I‘m a shitty wizard! I just wanna know if you killed Jenkins or not.
Jess: Of course I didn‘t.
Taako: Okay.
Jess: Do you—do you adventure on your free time? No! I only behead
people when I need to, or when I‘m being paid to do it, for entertainment.
Magnus: To be fair, living is the greatest adventure.
Jess: I guess!
Magnus: Jess and Graham are each other‘s alibis. We were with Angus, so
that only leaves the cond—
Merle: Well, how long was the body back there?
Griffin: Graham says, uh, Graham says…
Graham: I saw Jenkins just a few minutes before I found him. So whenever
it happened must have been in that period of time.
Taako: Hey, did you get into the pleasure chamber? Or were you going to
go get access?
Griffin: He says…
Graham: No, uh, when I was on my way there, uh, I saw a dead body that
was decapitated, and had its hand—
Magnus: And that was not your pleasure request.
Graham: Hands cut… no, it was…
Griffin: He falls down again, he‘s fainted.
Travis: I smack him 7.2 percent.
Griffin: Uh, okay, you hear something pop, uh, and he goes:
Travis: I meant 6.8! I meant six point—I smack him with the other hand and pop it back
into place.
Graham: 
Clint: I cast cure wounds and fix his broken jaw!
Griffin: Okay, do you have to roll to do that?
Clint: God, yes, Jiminy God… 
Magnus: Hey listen, I- I only have the one setting. And it‘s 7.2.
Clint: Alright, I roll a… it‘s a d8, dadadadada…
Travis: Aw man, why didn‘t we cast cure wounds on Jenkins?
Clint: 'Cause his head was cut off!
Travis: Well you would have had to roll really well, don‘t get me wrong.
Clint: Uh, d8 plus five… ooh! Uh, I rolled an eight. And plus five, 13.
Griffin: Oh, your best—your best healing yet, and it‘s on the jaw that Travis
just broke. Okay, you see uh, Graham‘s jaw, uh, magically set back into
place, and both of his cheekbones are starting to turn a deep purple. Uh—
Clint: Okay, and I grab the front of Magnus‘s shirt, and I say…
Merle: Come on, man! Come on, we‘re not getting anywhere with this
approach!
Clint: Was that good? Was that good?
Griffin: That was really good. And Graham says, uh…
Graham: Oh, man, that
feels way better, thank you. Ugh.
Magnus: Wait, did it heal him into a mouthful of marshmallows?
Graham: What are you talking about? I sound—I sound totally
normal!
Taako: Oh god! This is his normal voice? Break his jaw again!
Justin: Can somebody… okay. Travis.
Travis: Yeah.
Clint: Recap.
Graham: I can tell you everything again. One more time.
Magnus: Okay. No, you—
Merle: No. Shush. Shush.
Taako: No more from you.
Merle: Quiet, mushmouth.
Magnus: Here‘s what we‘re looking at.
Taako: Okay.
Magnus: In the passenger car, we had Jess and Graham together. In the
sleeper car, we three and Angus were together. Jenkins entered the
passenger car, offered drinks…
Graham: He went in the—he went in the conductor car
too, to go bring him drinks.
Magnus: He went where?
Graham: He went in the conductor car, to bring him—
Magnus: He went in the conductor car.
Graham: To bring him drinks.
Magnus: And when he came out of the conductor car, did he seem different
in any way?
Graham: Yeah, his head was gone. Nah, just kidding, he was fine!
Justin: Okay, let‘s go to the conductor car. Walk walk walk walk.
Clint: Wait a minute!
Griffin: Oh god! Do all of you have a lead foot?
Travis: We‘re jumping. We‘re jumping down the car.
Clint: Here we are! At the conductor car!
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you hop like little bunnies to the uh, to the conductor
car, or the uh, front of the passenger car in the space between that and the
engine car. It‘s not a conductor by the way, it‘s an engineer. I don‘t know
why I keep saying conductor. Keep getting my train jobs confused. The high
security door into the engine car is sealed shut.
Travis: I knock shave-and-a-haircut.
Griffin: M‘kay. I‘m sur— There it is. Uh, and you hear the voice of—god, what did I say his
name was? Hudson!
Clint: Wow.
Justin: Hudson?
Griffin: Hudson. Yeah.
Clint: Hudson.
Griffin: Hudson Hon—
Travis: 'Cause I was tryin‘a make a Hudson Hawk joke and I couldn‘t get to
it.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: And I was trying to make an Ernie Hudson joke and I couldn‘t get to
it.
Justin: And I was just trying to play D&D. With my family.
Griffin: Uh, you hear the engineer‘s voice come from a, uh, small cone
above the door. Uh, sort of a megaphone system. You hear him go, uh…
Hudson: Hello, uh, is everything going okay back there? It‘s—
everything‘s going—
Magnus: Um…
Hudson: Yep, we‘re having a pretty smooth trip, we should be there in
about an hour or so, so uh…
Magnus: Great, Jenkins is dead.
Hudson: Jen—Jenkins is… dead?
Magnus: Yeah.
Taako: He—he was the one with the bowtie. Don‘t feel bad, I forgot too.
Magnus: Bowtie?
Hudson: Jenkins was a dedicated employee of the Rock—
Magnus: Now he‘s just a dead employee.
Taako: He‘s a dead employee!
Magnus: We all got there.
Hudson: Cutting goofs about this, huh? It doesn‘t seem like the right
time or place for that.
Magnus: Listen, we just need to know, is there anyone else on the train?
Hudson: No, I can—I can show you the manifest, but I don‘t think I should
come out of here, especially now. I can‘t open up the engine car to whoever
did this heinous crime.
Magnus: So, it was just you, Angus, Jess, Graham, the three of us, and
Jenkins.
Hudson: Yeah, that‘s it, that‘s everybody on the manifest.
Merle: John-boy, Elizabeth, Jim-bob…
Hudson: I don‘t know what you‘re talk—none of those, no, it‘s just us, just
the people that you named.
Magnus: Listen, we need access to the caboose. We have to get to our
secure item.
Hudson: You can go in the caboose whenever you want! You just can‘t—
you can‘t get in the—the safe.
Merle: We—I think we need our weapons, is what we need.
Taako: We need our weapons.
Hudson: I can‘t do that, I have no guarantee that it‘s not the three of you
that didn‘t kill our poor Jenkins!
Magnus: We promise it wasn‘t.
Hudson: How was Jenk—how was Jenkins killed? Tell me! I—I need to
know.
Magnus: He was beheaded.
Taako: And then behanded.
Merle: And then burned up.
Magnus: Yeah.
Hudson: It seems like the person on the train that goes by the name ―The
Beheader might know something about that!
Magnus: No, we asked. We asked.
Taako: We did. We asked, she‘s—
Hudson: And what, she just said, ―No, it wasn‘t me, and y‘all were like,
―Cool! 
Magnus: I mean, she, like—yeah!
Merle: She has a corroborating witness for her alibi.
Taako: Well and there was a magic spell cast on her, so…
Hudson: 
Merle: Why don‘t you open the door, and we pinky-swear—
Hudson: I‘m not opening this door, there‘s no way.
Merle: I will pinky swear!
Hudson: We can talk about this when we get to Neverwinter, when the
authorities can be involved.
Magnus: Here‘s what we‘re gonna do. You keep this door secure.
Hudson: Deal. I like that part of it so far, it‘s going very great.
Magnus: 'Kay. The six of us are going to move from here, to the caboose.
Hudson: Okay.
Magnus: We‘re going to search every car 'til we get to the caboose.
Hudson: Okay.
Magnus: And if we get to the back, and there‘s anything wrong…
Merle: We‘re jumping off.
Magnus: We‘re gonna need access to our secure item.
Hudson: Well don‘t do that, 'cause we‘re—you‘ll be killed. Sorry, what?
What was the last thing you said?
Magnus: If we get to the back, and anything‘s amiss, anything‘s wrong,
we‘re going to need access to our secure item. It can‘t fall into the wrong
hands.
Hudson: It‘s gonna take me an—the cryptsafe takes one hour of sustained
contact from me, the engineer of this train, to open. So by the time I get it
open for you, we‘ll be in Neverwinter, and the authorities can—can handle
this themselves.
Magnus: Sounds great.
Taako: Okay, but we need our weapons.
Hudson: I can‘t do that, I‘m sorry.
Magnus: Can‘t you? Is it ―can‘t, or ―won‘t ?
Merle: Can‘t you?
Hudson: In order to give you your weapons, I‘ll have to leave this car, and
that‘s not happening. 'Cause I—you know why?
Magnus: Don‘t you want to be a can-ductor?
Hudson: I wanna be a… well first of all, I‘m an engineer.
Magnus: But don‘t you wanna be a can-ductor? Isn‘t that your dream?
Look in your heart.
Hudson: No, an engineer is on like a way higher pay grade than a
conductor.
Magnus: Yeah, but I mean, it‘s a lot more responsibility, too. Remember
you saying to me earlier you were stressed out?
Merle: Why don‘t you be—
Hudson: You know what I—you know what I wanna be more than
anything?
Magnus: What‘s that?
Hudson: Just a guy… with a head.
Magnus: Well we all wanna be that.
Merle: Wouldn‘t you like to be a friend-gineer?
Hudson: Okay. Uh, I‘m gonna go ahead and shut off this channel, uh—
Magnus: That sounds about right.
Hudson: You guys let me know if you figure out who did this murder, and
uh, hopefully—
Taako: Hey, let me, let—can I have—can I say something?
Hudson: Yep.
Taako: Yeah, you uh, you didn‘t take my weapon. See this?
Hudson: I can‘t see that. What is, can you—
Taako: Open the—open the window that may or may not exist.
Hudson: Nope.
Merle: Yeah, we need to give you some other weapons.
Hudson: Okay.
Taako: I have a weapon, here.
Hudson: I‘m starting to feel a little bit threatened, so I‘m gonna go ahead
and go. Uh, if you—
Magnus: Okay.
Taako: You can‘t—uh, if you go, I‘ll fuck your train up real bad!
Hudson: Okay.
Taako: It‘s gonna be brutal in here.
Hudson: So now I‘m starting to feel like—
Justin: I cast prestidigitation, and he smells something that smells like
dookie. And I—and I say—
Hudson: Oh sir, I guarantee you it doesn‘t smell any worse than my own
hand. 
Taako: And this, that‘s just a sneak preview, baby. There‘s lots more where
that came from.
Hudson: So you‘re telling me you‘re gonna stink up this whole train. All of
it.
Taako: And then burn it down!
Hudson: Okay.
Magnus: We need to search.
Hudson: Okay. Have fun!
Griffin: He says, and you hear, 'click! Bzzt.‘
Taako: He called my bluff.
Merle: Good one, though, good try.
Magnus: Alright.
Clint: So we have no access to the—the little pleasure closet without—
Travis: Without the rod.
Clint: —without Jenkins, there‘s no way that can be used, right?
Griffin: Uh, you can go check it out.
Travis: Oh, wait. This is—wait—
Clint: That has to be the—we—
Travis: —classic, classic detective shit. If his rod is missing, right? Whoever
killed him took it. So everybody in the room, turn out your pockets.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uh, are you—where are you?
Travis: We‘re still in the passenger car.
Clint: Well, we need to go back into the car where everybody is.
Griffin: Yeah. Everybody‘s in the passenger car right now. Angus is in the
space where the—the scene of the crime, just sort of going over everything.
Uh, Graham is still lying down. Still supine. And Jess is just sort of looking
out the window.
Magnus: Alright. Turn out your pockets.
Griffin: Uh, Jess goes…
Jess: Uhhh, no.
Griffin: And Graham goes…
Graham: Uh… okay.
Griffin: And uh, Angus does as well. So, Angus and Graham outturn their
pockets. Uh, Graham has some Andes mints in his folds.
Merle: You‘re welcome.
Griffin: Uh, he doesn‘t seem to have diarrhea, so... that‘s probably good.
Uh, he has his own magic wand, and a spellbook, and that‘s it. And Angus
has his hand-crossbow, and his Book of Interception and a toolkit. A
detective‘s toolkit with a, like a mirror on a stick on it and a notebook and a
magnifying glass and a dusting kit and a grappling hook and… all kinds of
stuff.
Clint: So basically the whole ―turn over all your weapons only applied to
us.
Griffin: What do you mean?
Clint: Kid‘s got a crossbow! And what‘s-her-name can summon an axe!
Angus: A very—a very well-concealed crossbow!
Griffin: He says.
Taako: Hey, hey listen, I don't know why I didn‘t think of this before. Is
that everybody‘s pockets? It is, right?
Griffin: Uh, Jess, Jess didn‘t.
Travis: No, Jess did not want to.
Taako: Well, Jess refused. Let‘s talk to Angus for a second. Hey, Angus.
Angus: Hey! What‘s up?
Taako: You‘re su—you‘re like a great detective, I don't know why you‘re
letting the babysitter‘s club here —the three of us, like, trying to piece it together—
Angus: I‘ve actually been watching you. You‘ve been doing a surprisingly
good job!
Griffin: He says.
Taako: Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Angus: I‘ve already figured it out, of course.
Taako: Yeah, well, why don‘t you give us a hint? A little hinteroo.
Angus: Isn‘t it more fun if you try and figure it out for yourself?
Griffin: He says.
Merle: No.
Taako: No.
Angus: I‘m pr—I was just kidding, I haven‘t really figured it out yet, I was
just like putting—
Taako: Oh, that‘s what I thought, okay.
Angus: —listen, I‘m a 10-year-old—I‘m a 10-year-old boy!
Taako: You‘re the, can you give a—
Merle: You‘re a 10-year-old douche!
Magnus: Are you the world‘s greatest detective in comparison to your age?
Is it a sliding scale thing?
Angus: I‘m the best detective in the world. I‘m very young, and I‘m very,
um… I‘m—I‘m very self-conscious about my age, so I…
Magnus: Great.
Angus: I guess I put on a front. I—I‘m glad that I have somebody to talk to
about this!
Travis: I turn to Jess!
Angus: I‘m going through a lot of changes right—oh, okay.
Travis: I turn to Jess.
Angus: Alright, bye…
Magnus: Jess?
Jess: Yeah?
Magnus: Turn out your pockets.
Jess: Uh, no, I‘m good. I‘m alright. Thank you.
Magnus: Okay.
Travis: I collect—
Jess: Turn out your p—hey! Turn out your pockets!
Travis: Okay, I do! I‘ve got my grandmother‘s knife, um, I‘ve got a
bedroll… Or it‘s my grandfather‘s—
Jess: Uh-oh! A knife? It looks like you could probably—you could probably
use a knife to cut off a person‘s head, huh, don‘t you think?
Magnus: It‘s like a 2-inch blade.
Jess: Yeah, I mean, it would take a while! How can you prove that—how can you—no, stop. How can you prove
that you didn‘t cut this guy‘s head off with your grandmother‘s knife?
Justin: I do—
Magnus: It‘s my grandfather‘s!
Justin: Stop. I‘m doing a perception check on Jess.
Griffin: 'Kay. What are you—what are you trying to perceive?
Justin: Uh, I‘m just looking at her whole thing to see if there‘s any like…
anything that seems out of place, stains, uh, damage… anything like that
that seems out of order.
Clint: Hey, do you want me to cast zone of truth?
Griffin: That would be—
Travis: Now hold on.
Griffin: Uh, that would be, that would be an investigation check. If you‘re
poring over like, a specific thing.
Justin: Okay. Investigation check on Jess.
Griffin: Yeah. Perception is if you‘re trying to find something, investigation
is if you‘re trying to learn something about something you know is already
there.
Justin: Okay, uh, I got a 12, so… It‘s not great.
Griffin: No—
Justin: I‘m not a great—I‘m not very sleuthy.
Griffin: Well, with a 12, you see that she doesn‘t have any blood on her.
Uhh, she has a little bit of crab ash on her from when she halved the beast
you were fighting before. Uh, but yeah, no blood, no signs of, y‘know,
struggle. Her clothes aren‘t torn or anything. Her armor, I should say.
Merle: Alright, I guess we‘re gonna have to frisk her.
Jess: Okay, that sounds like it‘s gonna be a lotta fun!
Griffin: She says.
Merle: Magnus, you—
Jess: That would be—that‘s gonna be a lot—that‘s gonna be a ton of fun for
all four of us! Do you guys like gambling?
Griffin: She says.
Magnus: Yes.
Taako: Sure, yeah!
Jess: Let‘s place bets on how far I can throw each of you!
Griffin: She says.
Merle: That‘s—are you 'roided up?! That‘s a little aggressive!
Taako: Wait a minute, wait minute, wait a minute, wait a minute!
Justin: I cast detect magic.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: If there‘s anything, any magical items in this room, I will see an
aura around them.
Griffin: Okay! That‘s fine.
Clint: The soundtrack…
Griffin: Uhhh, so you pick up on a few things. You pick up on the Book of
Interception. You pick up Graham‘s magic wand. You pick up the faintest
hint of a trace of magic on Jess‘s axe. Uh, you pick up your own magical
items, of course, yours and Merle‘s. Yeah, yours and Merle‘s. You pick up
Magnus‘s jumping boots. The Railsplitter has some traces of magic on it. You
guys have accrued a few magic items at this point. Jess, other than her axe,
doesn‘t have anything.
Taako: Okay guys, she doesn‘t have anything. We‘re—she‘s—
Merle: So apparently nobody does in this room.
Taako: She‘s clean. So yeah, the room is clean.
Magnus: Let‘s move to the—
Taako: The wand is—the rod isn‘t in here.
Magnus: Then let‘s move to the sleeper car.
Griffin: Okay.
Magnus: And we‘ll take a buddy system! My buddy will be Jess.
Jess: I‘m not coming.
Magnus: You are!
Jess: No, I‘m good. I‘m gonna stay here, and then if I see anybody even
remotely threatening, I‘m gonna cut 'em in half! That—here, let‘s—
Magnus: If you stay here, I stay here.
Jess: Let‘s split up our jobs. You guys can do your Encyclopedia Brown shit,
and I‘m gonna stay up here, and I‘m gonna cut anybody in half who steps!
Magnus: Oh, hey! Merle! Leave, uh, Scuttlebug here.
Merle: Oh, good idea.
Griffin: Okay. You wind up the Scuttlebug. What did you—what is it called?
Clint: Scuttle Buddy. I named it Scuttle Buddy.
Griffin: Scuttle Buddy. So you—there‘s a mosquito in this room and it‘s
killing me. Um. Is that the—wait did you just send the Scuttle Buddy into my
room in real life? You wind up the Scuttle Buddy, a, uh, small—it turns
towards you and makes a noise. It‘s
recognizing you as its mother.
Travis: It‘s imprinting.
Griffin: It‘s imprinting, it‘s very, very adorable. Uh, it turns away from you,
and out of its butt, you see a tiny little round nodule pop out of its butt, uh,
in front of you.
Merle: Scuttle Buddy!
Griffin: And uh, it turns back and goes…
Scuttle Buddy: 
Griffin: And starts sort of nudging this little nodule towards you, uh, proud
of it.
Magnus: Pick up its poop!
Clint: Oh my god, this is the cutest thing ever, why has nobody done a fan
art on Scuttle Buddy?
Travis: There was some Scuttle Buddy art!
Scuttle Buddy: 
Clint: Alright. I pick up the nodule. It‘s a little sticky!
Griffin: Uh, Scuttle Buddy takes one of its, uh, one of its pincer legs and
points at the side of its own head, and goes…
Clint: Well, I take the nodule and I… place it… in its head…?
Scuttle Buddy: 
Griffin: —it says, and uh, it pops it out of its own head. And then it points
at you, and then to the side of its own head.
Scuttle Buddy: 
Magnus: Oh, put it in your ear.
Clint: Alright. I put it in my ear.
Griffin: Okay. As you do that, you… you can hear the things in the room
around you, almost like they‘re being amplified, like there‘s a little bit of
feedback. Like there‘s a little bit of an echo. And the Scuttle Buddy very
discreetly climbs up to the ceiling and wedges itself between the ceiling and
a light fixture on the ceiling and sets up shop there.
Merle: Probably would‘ve been better if Jess hadn‘t seen that…
Griffin: Uh, she didn‘t.
Magnus: Doesn‘t matter. Jess, if anything happens…
Jess: Yeah. You guys got it.
Griffin: And then, uh, in your ear, Merle, you hear…
Merle: I love you too, Scuttle Buddy.
Scuttle Buddy: 
Clint: My Scuttle Buddy, my Scuttle Buddy…
Travis: Um, Scuttle Buddy will be available in all Toys‘R'Us stores by
November one…
Griffin: Collect them all! There‘s 800 Scuttle Buddies. Each one costs $16.
Travis: See if you can tell the difference!
Griffin: You can‘t. They‘re very, very similar. Before I let you go, I just want to say, once again, thanks to
Nature Box, where you can order hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks.
Go to NatureBox.com/Adventure to sign up for a free sampler box of great
tasting, healthy snacks!
Next episode‘s up on May 21st, so we hope to talk to you then. Okay, bye!

[BAL15]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Angus: If the object of value that the three of you are trying to claim is
somewhere on this train, then I have reason to believe that the Rockport
Slayer is somewhere on the train, too.
Griffin: You see a shadow through the frosted glass of the sleeper car
breeze past. You see a large pool of blood on the outside of the closed door.
This body is wearing robes. It has been beheaded. Both of its hands are
missing. It has a shimmering, rainbow bowtie.
Clint: Nooo!
Justin: Jenkins!
Travis: No! We should have appreciated him while he was alive!
Griffin: The cut through the neck is very clean. You hear a deafening roar
come from that room.
Graham: Uh, the last time I saw Jenkins was… was just a few minutes
before I found him. He came up and did a drink service up here.
Griffin: You hear the engineer‘s voice come from a small cone above the
door.
Hudson: Jenkins was a dedicated employee of the Rock—
Magnus: Now he‘s just a dead employee.
Taako: He‘s a dead employee.
Clint: I pick up the nodule. It‘s a little sticky. I put it in my ear.
Merle: I love you too, Scuttle Buddy.
Announcer: Put on your thinking caps, gumshoes! It‘s time to solve a
murder in… The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: The three of you are stacked up, SWAT team style, on the door to
the cargo car.
Travis: Wait, like, on each other‘s shoulders?
Griffin: No, I mean, there‘s no, like—you're not sneaking into an R-rated
movie. You're about to—
Travis: We‘re Little Rascal-ing it?
Griffin: No, you're about to slice the pie with Angus, who has his hand
crossbow out. Uh, he‘s got his back up to the wall, against the door with a
hand on the door, ready to go in. Um, before you all can breach, Angus
turns to the three of you and says, uh…
Angus: Now, listen. If we find the culprit in this room, you have to promise
me that you'll help me apprehend him. Don‘t kill him! Or her. Whoever it is.
Magnus: Ooh… that‘s a big ask.
Taako: Uhh…
Merle: We really wanna kill him.
Magnus: Yeah, we only know like, two things.
Merle: Jumping away from fire and killing are the only two things we‘re
really good at.
Taako: You all don‘t have your weapons, though, so it would come down to
fisticuffs.
Magnus: That‘s true.
Merle: Aw…
Taako: Beat a man to death with your bare hands.
Angus: I've found that not killing is pretty easy. I go long stretches—long
periods of time without killing anybody.
Travis: Keeping the demons at bay!
Taako: Hey, listen, we all have droughts, kid. Don‘t feel bad.
Griffin: Uh, he says…
Taako: Cold streaks.
Angus: Okay. Breaching in three, two, one—
Magnus: Wait! Wait.
Angus: Wha—yeah?
Magnus: Angus.
Angus: Yeah.
Magnus: Check your book.
Angus: Okay?
Griffin: He pulls out the Book of Interception that he used to discover your
true identities and cracks it open, and says, uh…
Angus: What am I looking for here?
Magnus: Is there anything since just before we heard the scream that
alerted us to the Jenkins murder, or anything after? Any information we
should have before we move forward?
Griffin: He flips through the book really quickly.
Angus: This is not a great time for it. We‘re about to do some actionpacked SWAT shit, but… No, I don‘t see any messages in here.
Griffin: He says.
Angus: Uh, can I breach?
Magnus: ―Can I breach? Excuse me.
Angus: Can I breach, please? Are you all trained for SWAT hand signals?
Magnus: No.
Angus: Do you know about slicing the pie?
Magnus: Yes.
Angus: Okay.
Merle: Yeah.
Magnus: I've had pie.
Angus: Three two one breach!
Griffin: And he uh, slides the door open.
Merle: Slices a pie…
Travis: Can you paint a word picture of how awesome it looks as we breach
through?
Griffin: Yeah, you all—the four of you slice the pie in opposing diagonals
into the room, Angus with his weapon drawn, Taako‘s got his umbrella,
which is a little bit less imposing. Uh, Merle and Magnus, you are unarmed,
but you move into the room. A flock of dougs—doves fly in. A flock of Dougs.
Travis: A flock of Dougs!
Justin: Not Dougs!
Travis: Doug Doug! Doug Doug Doug!
Griffin: A flock of Dougs fly in behind you, and then vanish. Um, and it‘s
totally sick. The only problem is that there is nobody in the cargo car. It‘s
completely—
Justin: Aw, man.
Travis: Except a bunch of Dougs now.
Griffin: There‘s a few Dougs. No, there are no Dougs. Uh, the only thing in
the cargo car is the cryptsafe, which is firmly built into the floor of the room.
Now, uh, the three of you, as you move into the room, actually feel
nauseous for a brief moment. But that quickly subsides. And one other
curious thing happens as you move into the room.
Merle, you uh, up to this point, have been able to sort of overhear the
awkward, forced conversation happening between Jess and Graham in the
passenger car in the front of the train, thanks to uh—
Clint: Oh, from my Scuttle Buddy.
Griffin: Your Scuttle Buddy ear piece. As soon as you move into this room,
that ear piece just shorts out. You are not hearing anything anymore as
soon as you move into the room. And—
Justin: Griffin.
Griffin: Angus starts, uh, overturning the room, looking for clues. Yes,
Justin?
Justin: Can I roll a perception check to see if I notice anything awry about
the safe?
Griffin: Uh, yeah. You're doing an investigation check on the safe, to see if
anything‘s wrong with it.
Justin: Yes. Yeah. Uh, I got a 19, plus… zero, so yeah, just a 19.
Griffin: Just a 19? Uh, nope, the cryptsafe seems totally intact. There‘s, uh,
it doesn‘t seem like it has been, uh, breached or assaulted in any way.
Justin: It‘s locked still?
Griffin: Still locked up, yeah.
Travis: Did we try the handle? 'Cause sometimes, you like, assume it‘s
locked, and then you like, try the handle, and it opens, and you're like,
―Ugh. 
Griffin: Yeah, sometimes the cryptsafe does the thing where it unlocks the
cryptsafe right when you try to pop that handle open, and it‘s like, god, just
wait for a second. I'll go and then you go.
Clint: Like jiggling the toilet handle.
Travis: Just like jiggling the toilet handle. And sometimes you poop on the
cryptsafe. Griffin, can I roll to see if I figure out what‘s going on? Just in
general?
Griffin: Yeah, what roll would that be?
Travis: Um… I have a plus eight to figuring shit out.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Oh, it was only a seven, so that‘s only a 15.
Griffin: No, you have no idea. Use your brain, not your dice.
Travis: But… that‘s not how D&D works!
Justin: I was actually thinking about that this past week. Like, if I was—
'cause I'm cosplaying Taako, currently.
 Are you—are you wearing a robe?
Justin: I'm currently cosplaying Taako as a stupid man. That may change.
He‘s kind of been going back and forth. But, does it—like, D&D, like, metaD&D… should I be able to figure—like, is that fair, if I figure something out?
Because that doesn‘t necessarily make sense in the world, you know what
I'm saying?
Griffin: I've always pictured Taako as more aloof than ignorant.
Travis: He knows more than he lets on.
Justin: Yeah, but you're not answering the essential question here.
Griffin: If any of you can crack this open, don‘t fucking sit on the answer.
Just—if you know the answer—
Justin: No, I don‘t—I don‘t think I can crack it open.
Clint: He‘s trying to ask, if Justin can figure it out…
Justin: If Justin figured—I'm not saying like—
Griffin: Yeah, if Justin figures it out, let it rip, baby.
Justin: One—a single intelligence point orc. Like, should he be able to
figure out—like, does it make sense if I were to figure something out, like,
for that orc to be able to guess it in D&D? Does that make sense?
Griffin: Well, you'd have to make like, 19 wrong guesses, first.
Justin: Shouldn‘t I be rolling to see if I figure it out, is what I'm saying?
Griffin: No.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: We‘re just talking. We‘re just talking. This is just friends talking
right now.
Taako: So, here‘s the—this is interesting. Y'know, this, um… counters sort
of what I was thinking, because y'know, Jenkins‘ hands were missing, right?
And I was—what I was thinking was that the rule of the safe is that you
have to, uh, have the employee of the Rockport Express have to have their
hands on the safe for an hour. And his hands were missing. So I thought—
what I had thought was, maybe someone had taken his hands so they could
put them on the safe. But there are no hands on the safe.
Griffin: Angus looks up from his—he‘s dusting for prints on the safe, and he
looks up at you, and he says…
Angus: Yes, I had the same suspicion a while ago, of—
Travis: ―Stupid. 
Angus: In fact, a really long—like a—
Travis: ―Way to catch up. 
Angus: Like, basically from the start, I had that suspicion.
Merle: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Angus: The only issue is that it‘s not just any employee – it has to be the
engineer of the train, who‘s locked away in the engine car.
Magnus: How do you open the engine car?
Angus: You don‘t. The engineer‘s the only one that can get in there.
Magnus: Unless you have the wand.
Taako: Unless you have the wand. Jenkins‘ wand, right? Jenkins‘ wand
would let you go into any area. So, that would be the only way—if it was
through the pleasure chamber…
Angus: You're throwing a lot of spaghetti at the wall.
Taako: Oh, sorry, we‘re trying to just like, piece this out, right?
Griffin: He said, uh…
Angus: I noticed something very suspicious about this room. Uh, and I'm
wondering if you can help me confirm my suspicion. Can one of you try—
Travis: Is this the point when the lightning flashes, and when the lights
come back up, he‘s got like, an arrow in his heart? ―I know who the killer is!
Angus: Can one of you try and open the rear door? The caboose door for
the train, please?
Magnus: I will go in the caboose.
Justin: I do it. I already do it. I'm doing it right now.
Griffin: Okay. You are trying to open up the very rear door of the train,
which just leads out of the train.
Justin: I do it. It pops right open.
Griffin: It does not.
Justin: I'm pretty sure I imagined it popping open.
Griffin: It does not. In fact, it seems like it has been fused shut somehow.
Travis: I want to roll to punch open the door.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Yeah, my whole day is about the door now.
Travis: Okay, 19… so that‘s a 23 versus the door.
Griffin: Okay. You punch this very, very, very sturdy, iron door, and it does
nothing. It doesn‘t even make a sound.
Travis: I do 1d4 plus push.
Griffin: You don‘t do any damage!
Travis: I do—I do— But it says I push it. And I want to push it back and open it.
Griffin: It pushes you back.
Travis: In my country…
Clint: If it‘s fused, then we can't unlock it.
Travis: Well, thank you, Dad. Yes. But I wanted to punch a door. I got
angry…
Clint: I know. I know.
Travis: 
Clint: I know.
Justin: Uh, can I—uh, I want to cast detect magic.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you cast detect magic, and…
Travis: Bwoowoo bwoowoo!
Griffin: Normally, when you cast this spell, you can get sort of an idea of
the magical items in the room. You can see sort of faint, glowing traces
around the magical items in the room. You cast this spell, and… your vision
just goes white. Just goes blinding white, as if like, everything is glowing.
Everything around you is glowing.
Taako: Bad news, compadres. This place is magic as hell.
Griffin: You're also picking up faint hints of—the only spell that you can
sort of detect is the spell, ghost sound, which can sort of produce a sound
if—to anybody who is nearby. The sound is of the caster‘s choosing.
Travis: Can we—can we see anything out the windows of the train?
Griffin: There‘s no windows.
Clint: I'd like to cast locate object.
Griffin: Okay. On what?
Clint: Uh, the magic wand of the uh, transporting closet.
Griffin: Okay, interesting.
Clint: And then, if it‘s within a thousand feet of me, if it‘s in motion, I'll
know the direction of the motion.
Griffin: Okay. This… the rod, uh, that opens up the ports for the pleasure
chambers, uh, that you are trying to detect, uh… you can't pick it up.
Meaning it is not within one thousand feet of you.
Travis: Okay. I have a theory. This is Travis, not Magnus. I think the ghost
sound that we‘re hearing is the sound, like, to make it seem like the train is
moving, and where we are, we've been transported to a fake location that is
not the actual cryptsafe on the train.
Griffin: Angus says, uh…
Angus: If that‘s correct, then this is a very unsafe room for us to be in, and
I recommend that we move back to the dining car.
Magnus: I agree. Let‘s do that.
Merle: So, Taako, usually, when we retreat, you lead the force.
Taako: I'm out. Peace. Peace and carrots, you guys. I'm out.
Griffin: Uh, the--
Taako: I'm already out. Look at me, I'm down—look back at me, back of
the car.
Travis: I'm aaalready there!
Taako: The back of the back of the other car. I'm gone. I'm gonzo.
Griffin: Uh, the four of you are in the dining car now. Angus has summoned
Jess and Graham to the dining car, to uh, to fucking crack this thing wide
open. That‘s what he says.
Angus: It‘s time to fucking crack this thing wide open!
Travis: ―Gonna crack it like a nut! 
Clint: When we went back through that door, did we get a sense of nausea
again?
Griffin: You did, yeah. As you crossed through the threshold of the door,
you very briefly feel dizzy and nauseous. But then, uh, as you spend more
time on that side of the door, it subsides, and you're fine.
Clint: And when we look back through the open door, we see… the crypt,
and everything else?
Griffin: Yep. You see the room you were just in.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: Uh, so you move into the dining car. Uh, and Angus begins his uh,
speech. Uh, he actually turns to you guys and says, uh…
Angus: Do you guys, uh… do you guys want to take a stab at this first? I've
done this a lot, and it‘s really exhilarating, and I'd love, uh… I'd love for one 
of you to share this, y'know, parlor scene experience, if uh, if we have any
takers.
Magnus: Okay, so let me… think.
Angus: I mean, I've already gotten everybody sort of like, horny for the
solution.
Magnus: Well, yes, thank you.
Taako: He—he can back off. That‘s the secret. He can back off.
Merle: So obviously, somebody has used the transportation closet to take
the magic wand somewhere. Because if it‘s not within a thousand feet—
Magnus: No, somebody—
Taako: No no no no no.
Magnus: Somebody has used the wand—
Taako: We were somewhere.
Magnus: Somebody has used the wand on the door to that crypt.
Merle: Ahh.
Magnus: So that we can't actually access the actual room where the crypt
is, because they are using Jenkins‘ hands on the crypt. But now, we can't
access the actual crypt. Instead, when we walk through the door, we‘re in a
like, kind of Ocean‘s Eleven fake vault location.
Griffin: Angus says, uh…
Angus: That‘s exactly right. It would confirm my suspicion. Watch this.
Griffin: He walks into the uh, walks right back into the cargo car with the
cryptsafe. Uh, and there‘s a small scrap of paper, a ticket stub, lying on the
floor. And he crinkles it up into a ball and throws it at the door, and it seems
to just sort of hit an invisible barrier at the doorframe and fall to the ground.
And he walks back through and says, uh…
Angus: You can't take an item from one of those pleasure rooms out of the
pleasure room. So that room is almost certainly a fake. Good detective work,
uh, whatever your name is!
Magnus: It‘s—it‘s Magnus, but that‘s not important right now. So,
whoever—
Merle: It usually is.
Griffin: Angus says, uh…
Angus: Let‘s—let‘s talk about the murder itself. I want to hear what you
guys found about the method of the murder. How this murder was executed.
What was the cause of death for Jenkins?
Magnus: Um, beheading?
Taako: Behanding?
Angus: Yeah, that—
Merle: Beburning?
Angus: No, the behead—I mean, that one‘s pretty obvious, if you guys are
having trouble. A thing can't live without a head. You guys are like, keyed
into that.
Magnus: Listen, we didn‘t get CSI out on it. We weren‘t able to check
lividity and time of death and shit. We saw that he didn‘t have a head and
there was blood everywhere. That‘s the best we can do.
Angus: Uh, what—did you notice anything else strange about the scene of
the crime?
Magnus: His hands were cut off, and it was two different cuts.
Angus: Yes, exactly. What could‘ve possibly—let‘s identify, first of all, what
could‘ve possibly caused the killing blow? What could‘ve possibly beheaded?
Magnus: It was Jess‘ beheading axe.
Angus: Well…
Magnus: No! The crab thing.
Merle: You said it was completely clean?
Angus: It was a totally clean cut, which would, uh—
Merle: Is it possible that using that transportation magic, the body was
transported differently from the head?
Angus: I think you're close. It couldn‘t have been the axe, because the axe
is soulbound to Jess, and Jess has an alibi, because she was in the room
with Graham.
Magnus: If the head—
Angus: Also, a weapon of that size would‘ve made a tremendous noise, and
it would‘ve alerted everybody on the train that the murder was taking place.
Magnus: If the head was in the pleasure room, or in an alternate room,
and then the magic was shut off, would that have done it?
Angus: I think that‘s exactly it. And we have a clue that can confirm that.
Remember, when we first came to the scene of the crime, there was blood
on the outside of the door as well. Which makes me think that they turned
up a port in that door, stuck poor Jenkins head through, and then shut off
the port. And because the door would‘ve still been open, that would explain
the blood—
Magnus: That‘s why we can't find the head.
Angus: --on the other side of the door. That‘s why you can't find the head.
There was no sign of a struggle or sound of a struggle in that room, which
makes it simple to deduce that the victim was asleep when they were killed.
But why the hands? That‘s the problem I keep coming back to.
Magnus: The hands were for the safe.
Angus: I think that‘s entirely possible; although, again, Jenkins hands
wouldn‘t open the safe.
Merle: It wasn‘t Jenkins‘ hands.
Angus: What are you saying?
Magnus: J‘accuse!
Taako: Oh my god.
Merle: It was the engineer.
Taako: What about—okay, but wait.
Magnus: Jenkins is the assassin!
Justin: Jenkins killed the—okay, listen. Okay…
Taako: Listen. I have a moment of lucidity, and I don‘t want to waste it. Jenkins… Jenkins killed the engineer, took the head so the body couldn‘t be
identified, switched clothes… with him… took the hands off the body,
swapped the body with his clothes, and then opened the pleasure chamber…
into the engineer‘s room so he could kill him there. Right? So that‘s how he
got in the engineer‘s room, with his wand. With his magical closet.
Merle: And then burnt up the body to prevent further investigation.
Taako: Burned the body to prevent further investigation!
Angus: I think you're close! I think that definitely he destroyed the body
with the fiery crab to keep us from figuring out that it wasn‘t Jenkins. I think
a much simpler solution—
Taako: By the way, classic Jenkins to use a crab instead of just using a
spell slot.
Magnus: Oh, classic. Classic Jenkins.
Taako: Just burn one spell slot, Jenko.
Magnus: Ugh. Come on.
Angus: If we‘re 100% accurate on this, I think we need to be a lot more
respectful of Jenkins‘ magical potency.
Magnus: Nahhh. Jenkins is a real wiener.
Taako: I would sooner die.
Angus: I think a much easier method for him to access the engine car is
when he took a drink service in there.
Merle: Ohh.
Taako: Ohh. Well, I liked mine better, but that‘s fine.
Merle: Well, I'm glad you're contributing, Angus.
Taako: I'm also glad the engineer is drinking.
Magnus: He‘s still in there.'Cause when we talked to the engineer, the
engineer answered.
Angus: The engineer answered through the audio device above the door,
which could've easily just been ghost trick—ghost sound. It could be any
number of spells!
Magnus: Cool. So where is Jenkins now?
Angus: This is a very curious, curious question. Remember when we were
talking in my sleeper car, about—and I revealed my true identity, and you
guys revealed your true identities?
Magnus: Yeah, we all grew closer as friends.
Griffin: And Jess says…
Jess: What are you talking about?
Griffin: And Angus says…
Angus: Oh, I'm the world‘s greatest detective. Anyway, um… you'll
remember, before the murder, before any of this even happened, we were
interrupted by the sound of somebody moving past the sleeper car towards
the back of the car. If Jess and Graham were in the front of the car, the
engineer was already dead. Who was—
Magnus: We‘ll call him Jengineer.
Angus: If the—he had a name, and it was Hudson.
Merle: Hudson!
Angus: Remember all those great Hudson—
Magnus: Hudson Hawk!
Angus: Remember all those great Hudson Hawk goofs?
Taako: I'll never forget them.
Angus: If Hudson was already killed, and Jess and Graham were in the
front of the car, and the four of us were in my sleeper car, who was that
moving towards the back of the car, and where are they?
Magnus: Jen—is it Jenkins?
Angus: Yeah, I mean, yes.
Magnus: So Jenkins is in the actual final car?
Taako: Jenkins is in the real—with the real crypt, in the real room.
Travis: Alright. I point at Jess, and I say…
Magnus: Summon that soulbound axe. We‘re gonna hack our way through
a wall.
Griffin: Uh, she says, uh…
Jess: I, uh… I'm not gonna break my axe trying to chop through a train.
Magnus: It‘s a soulbound, magical axe, you coward.
Jess: Yeah, but soulbound shit can like, break. And then I'll have this
shitty—
Magnus: ―Buhhh, soulbound shit can break! I'm scared! 
Jess: I'll have this shitty—I'll have this shitty, broken axe soulbound to me.
The de-soulbinding procedure is really painful. So I'm not gonna go through
that.
Justin: So he went in the engineer‘s car for drink service, killed the
engineer, used the wand to open up a port from the engineer‘s car to the
safe room, right? To the crypt.
Travis: No, used it to open it up to the dining car thing, so he could
decapitate the body and do all that stuff.
Angus: What I'm finding curious…
Griffin: Angus says.
Angus: … is why he didn‘t just kill the engineer in the engine car, cut off his
hands in the engine car, and take his hands to the crypt. To the cargo car,
before we—
Magnus: Because he had to alleviate suspicion from Jenkins.
Angus: I think that‘s right. He had to—whenever this job is done, he
doesn‘t want anybody looking for him, and it‘s a lot easier to escape and
start a new life as a corpse than as a criminal.
Magnus: Well, it‘s hard to start a new life as a corpse.
Angus: I think—
Magnus:'Cause he‘s dead.
Angus: I have a theory—
Magnus: You can't get around. You can't get out a lot.
Merle: That hasn't stopped iZombie.
Angus: I have a theory. I have a theory for how a corpse found its way into
the space between the passenger and the sleeper cars.
Magnus: Well, somebody probably helped it,'cause it‘s a corpse. I was just
saying, like, when you're a corpse, you can't—
Merle: Let‘s hear your theory, little man.
Angus: Does anybody else want to take a stab at it?
Taako: Uh, well, we‘ve had such a good hit rate so far. Maybe the weird
crab carried it on its back?
Magnus: It was on the drink cart.
Angus: In the drink cart!
Griffin: Angus says.
Angus: Eureka! Bazing—
Magnus: Shut up!
Angus: Bazinga!
Magnus: You already knew that answer, Angus. I don‘t need—I don‘t need
your pity.
Angus: No, I'm just—I'm very proud of the three of you! You've been much
more competent than anybody on earth would‘ve ever thought.
Taako: Oh, well, thank you.
Merle: Well, wait'til you get to know us.
Taako: Yeah, we blew up a whole city once.
Magnus: Shh.
Angus: What I…
Griffin: He walks over to the three of you and starts whispering.
Angus: What I don‘t understand is, if Jenkins was also the killer
of Leeman Kessler, how does he know about this item that I can't hear, and
apparently, nobody seems to know about except the three of you?
Magnus: Is he a member of the Bureau of Balance?
Angus: Is he—you just static‘ed out.
Magnus: Oh, the [static]. That‘s not for you.
Angus: Okay.
Magnus: I'm asking my compatriots.
Taako: Well, um… could we, uh… could we use the—the—[static]
Magnus: Ooh! Ooh! Y'know who we need? Push button.
Griffin: You're on a train underground. There‘s no response.
Travis: She can find us.
Griffin: She‘s— How‘s she gonna do that?
Travis: Magic, Griffin! How do dragons exist? Just make it happen, DM!
Griffin: Uh, no, it does not happen. You guys are on your own. No deus ex
machina.
Taako: He‘s gotta be a member of the Bureau. It‘s the only thing that
makes sense.
Griffin: Uh, Angus says, uh…
Angus: The really tricky part is how we‘re gonna be able to get to Jenkins
before we arrive in Neverwinter.
Griffin: He points at Graham.
Angus: Graham, how long do we have until we arrive?
Griffin: And uh, Graham pulls out a stopwatch from his pocket. Or a pocket
watch. Not a stop—
Clint: His juicy robe.
Griffin: He reaches into his juicy robe and pulls out a pocket watch. Uh,
and uh, pops it open and looks at it, and he says…
Graham: Uh, about uh, 25 minutes.
Griffin: And uh, Angus says…
Angus: We don‘t have very long!
Magnus: About 25 minutes. Yeah, we just heard him.
Angus: Okay.
Clint: I would like to—may I cast locate object again?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: I cast locate object again.
Griffin: On the same rod?
Clint: Yep.
Griffin: Uh, this time, you get a ping towards the back of the train in the
cargo car.
Travis: So it confirms.
Magnus: I have a question for boy detective.
Angus: Yeah, shoot!
Magnus: So, the rule of, you can't bring items back from the pleasure
chamber…
Angus: Yeah?
Magnus: What happens if we could successfully bring an item back?
Angus: You can't.
Magnus: Would it just—would it disrupt the magic?
Angus: It wouldn‘t do anything to the magic. It just wouldn‘t go through.
Magnus: How do we disrupt the magic?
Angus: Either by stopping the caster from channeling the spell, or
destroying the item that‘s channeling the spell.
Merle: Killin‘.
Magnus: Well, but we gotta get to him first.
Merle: Oh, yeah.
Angus: We do—
Taako: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Are there windows… on the—the crypt car?
Angus: There are no windows in the crypt car. There‘s only the caboose
door.
Taako: Son of a bitch.
Magnus: Is the wall punchable?
Justin: Are there windows in the car next to it?
Angus: Uh, there‘s a door before the dining car.
Magnus: Yes, but you are saying, there‘s a door at the back of the cargo
car. And in the fake train, it‘s fused shut.
Angus: Right. I suspect that‘s because pleasure chambers can only have
one entrance.
Magnus: So if we were able to get around to that door from the outside of
the car…
Taako: How sturdy are the walls of the train?
Angus: It‘s a train, so… pretty sturdy.
Taako: Fairly sturdy, right?
Angus: I would say they're about, in terms of sturdiness, they're about a
train level. Which is to say—
Taako: Train level sturdy.
Angus: Pretty sturdy.
Merle: In a locomotive sense.
Taako: Here‘s what I'm—here‘s what I'm—here‘s my—let me put forth a
theory I'm thinking about. What if… we were to go back into the dining car,
put Mag—I cast levitate on Magnus, put him out a window, and he goes and
knocks out the side of the cargo car?
Magnus: Or the door.
Merle: Or all the way to the back and come through the—
Magnus: That‘s what I'm saying.
Taako: Or go through the back of the caboose. Either way, if I levitate him
and put him out the back of the train, then he could get around to the back
or the side and look for another way in.
Angus: And then he‘d have to take down Jenkins on his own? That seems
pretty dangerous.
Magnus: Yes.
Taako: Well, no. All he has to do, really, is distract Jenkins long enough to
bring down the port. We have the far stone, right? So we can use the stone
to keep in contact, and as soon as he brings the port down, we can go in
and take Jenkins to brown town.
Magnus: Here‘s what we‘re gonna do—
Taako: And here‘s the good news. The best news is, there‘s no way he‘s
going to use any spells on us. We know how finicky he is about conserving
his slots.
Angus: Again, I have to stress this – I think his uh, incompetence may
have been a ruse, and if you try to step to him, you may get got.
Taako: Hey, Angus, you're the world‘s smartest kid. Have you ever heard
of a man named Magic Brian?
Angus: I can't—you just static‘ed out for me.
Magnus: Exactly! Let me make—let me make one addendum to your plan
here, Taako.
Taako: Okay.
Magnus: Cast levitate specifically on my magic jumping boots. So that
way, I'm not like, at like, the mercy of being levitated and moving around.
Taako: Ohh, I love it! It‘s delectable. Let‘s do it.
Magnus: Magnus is so on board with this plan.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And that was Magnus speaking. That was not Travis speaking. That
was Magnus speaking in third person.
Taako: You gotta get character voices.
Magnus: Magnus is on board with this plan! Ha ha ha!
Taako: That aren‘t—that don‘t sound like death and sadness mixed
together in a pudding.
Travis: I think maybe Magnus has a Spanish accent.
Griffin: Oh god, no he doesn‘t.
Taako: Oh, good! Good! Excellent!
Travis: And I think I've been doing it up to this point.
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s been flawless.
Travis: Thank you.
Clint: I—before we do this plan…
Justin: Wait, okay. How many spell slots do you have, old bean? Of your—
you've already burned two on locate object. Have you not—what about your
zones of truth?
Clint: That was last adventure.
Griffin: No.
Justin: No, man, you have not rested.
Griffin: I think you might be—I think you are fresh out of magic, my dude.
Justin: You're magicked out. I'm sorry to have to be the DM for you, but…
Travis: Plus, we've talked about this plan eight ways to Sunday. Let‘s just
do it.
Griffin: Let‘s just get busy! Get busy living, or get busy, you will die. You're
gonna die. Hey, everybody. It‘s your dungeon master and your best friend,
Griffin McElroy. Thank you all for listening to episode 15 of The Adventure
Zone. I hope you enjoyed the unraveling of the mystery. I saw a bunch of
folks online get some of the parts of it right. I don't know that I ever saw
anybody completely nail it. I guess it was a little bit convoluted, looking back
on it, but aren‘t all the best mysteries almost completely incomprehensible?
No.
This episode of The Adventure Zone is sponsored by Nature Box. Nature Box
is your official online source for delicious, healthy snacks. All their snacks are
made with zero artificial flavors, colors, or sweeteners, zero grams trans
fats, and no high fructose corn syrup. You can grab mini Belgian waffles,
strawberry lemonade fruit stars, and sweet and salty nut medley. 
I hadn‘t read this. I'm reading this now, and I hadn‘t read it, and these are
new, and I'm very, very excited about the potential of mini Belgian waffles.
Of course! They're perfect. Make them smaller. Of course!
Right now, if you go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, you can get a free trial
box of their favorite snacks. If you're gathered around the table playing
D&D, maybe you're playing it for the first time, maybe we inspired you,
maybe the wind beneath your wings, that‘s fine. But we can't be the crunch
in your mouth. Nature Box can be that for you, though. Go to
NatureBox.com/Adventure, get your free box of trial snacks.
I have a personal message here for Ben, and it‘s from Grace. And Grace
says to Ben, ―Happy anniversary, sweetman! Or… maybe I put the
emphasis on the wrong word there. Let me try again. ―Happy anniversary,
sweet man! That didn‘t make sense. ―Thank you for putting up with my lack
of competition in strategy games, inability to understand song lyrics, and
impromptu dance parties. I'm looking forward to what the next few years
will bring. My wheat is your wheat. 
Uh, that‘s very sweet. I don't know if that‘s a Catan reference at the end?
We've been talking about doing an all Catan podcast, where instead of
playing Dungeons & Dragons, it‘s just Catan. So every episode‘s gonna be
really, really similar. A lot of sheep slingin‘. Um, but happy anniversary, you
sweet, sweet man.
Thank you all for listening to and sharing The Adventure Zone. Remember,
whenever we start a new chapter and introduce some new characters into
the story, we pull from uh, Twitter mentions, using the hash tag,
#TheZoneCast, uh, to pick up on some names, like Jenkins, and Angus
McDonald, and uh, all kinds of folks. Those are all named after people on
Twitter. Just use the hash tag, #TheZoneCast, and talk about the show, and
you may end up in the game.
If you haven‘t, uh, already listened to the other shows on the Maximum Fun
network, you should go give them a swing. Go give them a try. I guarantee,
you will find at least six shows on the network that you really enjoy. Maybe
it‘s gonna be Rendered. Maybe it‘s gonna be Stop Podcasting Yourself.
Maybe it‘s gonna be Judge John Hodgman. Maybe it‘s gonna be Throwing 
Shade. I don't know. I don‘t live in your brain and I don't know your comedy
preferences. But go to MaximumFun.org and uh, just have a poke around.
It‘s all free, and you're gonna love it.
That‘s all the advertisements I have for this week. Thank you all for listening
to this week‘s episode. Let‘s get back into it for the second half of this
episode, which I will title, the part with the idiotic train stunt. The next
episode is gonna go up on June 4th. We already recorded it, and it turned out
pretty great. I'm really excited about that one. So, June 4th will be the next
one, so I will see y‘all then. You are all gathered around a table in the dining car, where
Graham has unfurled a map of the train route.
Travis: I thought you were gonna say of the train, and it was just
a straight line.
Griffin: Uh, and he has pointed out one part of the route, and he says, uh…
Clint: Shouldn‘t there be some really cool music playing in the background?
Like the Ocean‘s Eleven? Wah wah wah wah wah…
Justin: Griffin will add it in post, I'm sure.
Graham: There‘s a—
Clint: Wah wah wah wah wah…
Graham: There‘s a brief gap between The Teeth where we will have a—
Magnus: They call it the Letterman gap.
Griffin: He says, uh… Yes.
Graham: It goes over—it‘s a suspended rail line over a lush basin, called
Letterman‘s Basin. And uh, at the speed that the train‘s moving now, you'll
have about 90 seconds exposed, where we won't be inside the mountain,
and that‘s gonna be your best opportunity to get around. You'll have to
move around two cars. You'll have to move around the dining car and get to
the back of the cargo car if you want to pull this off.
Griffin: He says…
Graham: Are you sure you want to go solo on this journey?
Magnus: Yeah. Yeah.
Clint: By any chance, is Magnus a Chinese acrobat?
Travis: Let me look. Let me look at my character sheet. Oh! Look, says it
right there! Chinese acrobat!
Griffin: A Chinese acrobat with a perfect Spanish accent.
Travis: Sure enough.
Griffin: He‘s the great—
Magnus: Alright, I'm ready to go. Vaya con dios, my friends.
Griffin: He‘s the great American melting pot. Uh, Graham hands you a
small bean.
Clint: Is it a magic bean?
Griffin: Are you surprised? Uh, Graham says, uh…
Graham: When I heard you talking about your plan, I thought that maybe I
could help out by alchemizing this delicious bean for you.
Magnus: Gulp!
Graham: If you pop this into your mouth, you'll become extremely heavy.
So uh, don‘t use it if you're on the side of the train, but if it looks like you're,
y'know, something‘s bad about to happen, you're about to go flying off the
train, if you take this, you might be able to sort of drop yourself back onto it.
Uh, but just hold onto it.
Magnus: Okay.
Clint: Graham, master of foreshadowing.
Griffin: Uh, and uh, he pops open the uh, the dining car door. And uh, it‘s
pitch black. You're still inside the mountain. Uh, Graham says, uh…
Graham: We‘ll be outside in ten seconds! Do you have anything to do want
to say to your team mates? Any last words?
Taako: Wait, I need to cast levi—
Magnus: Don‘t touch my stuff.
Taako: I need to cast levitate. Your shit isn‘t levitating yet.
Griffin: Okay.
Merle: Yeah. And I need to cast jack shit.
Taako: Yeah, that‘s right, magic boy.
Magnus: Yeah, you're right.
Taako: Stop zone truthing everybody.
Magnus: Have a little bit of faith in humanity.
Taako: Are you braced there, Mario? You ready to go?
Magnus: Is—yes.
Taako: Alright, boy who could fly. And you're levitated.
Griffin: Okay. I was waiting for a sound effect. 
Taako: Yeah, there is no sound effect for levita— That‘s just whistling. I don't know. There is no sound effect for
levitation. Everybody—that‘s the first thing you learn in wizard school. He‘s just doing weird 1940s foley work for like a tornado or
something.
Griffin: Magnus, you are uh, suddenly, you have this weird sort of
sensation. It takes you a while to sort of get used to staying upright with
just your boots levitating, and nothing else going. But you're kind of uh,
Marty McFly—
Travis: Yes!
Griffin: —in uh, Back to the Future, Part Two.
Travis: Yes I am, Griffin!
Griffin: Just sort of hovering off the ground, just sort of waving your arms
in the air to try and stay upright. Uh, and as you are figuring out this
balancing act, all of you are blinded as the train exits the mountain, and you
see, uh, a rickety sort of suspended rail bridge underneath you. And then,
about 150 feet below, uh, you see a lush forested area. And Graham says…
Graham: Go!
Griffin: And he—
Travis: I get real caught up by the view and spend about two minutes
looking at it.
Griffin: Okay. You're back inside the mountain. You've missed it.
Travis: Oh no! No, I go out the window.
Griffin: Okay, you go uh—well, it‘s a door.
Travis: I go out the door.
Griffin: Okay. Graham clicks down a button on his pocket watch, and uh,
yells…
Graham: Go!
Griffin: So what are you—what are you—what are you doing? Explain to
me what‘s—what you're doing.
Travis: Uh, that‘s such a good question. Could you describe to me what I'm
looking at first? This is in zero time. This is like, bullet time.
Griffin: Okay, you're in bullet time. There‘s two train cars that you have to
get past. The dining car, and the cargo car.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: That‘s what you are looking at. The uh, dining car has uh, a few
small windows on it that maybe you could use as hand grips. But if you are
looking for me to tell you how you are about to pull off this incredible,
acrobatic feat, uh, I—that‘s not my job. I just created the situation.
Travis: Well, I have one risky idea… and that is, I don‘t have to do anything
but let go and then grab on again.'Cause the train‘s moving.
Clint: Ooh! Ohhh.
Travis: It‘s just a matter of timing, that if I can grab, y'know, the back of
the train, then I don‘t have to do shit. But that would require… probably an
immense dexterity roll.
Griffin: Yeah. And if you fail this, I'll kill you. You will suffer—
Travis: Wait, you'll—
Clint: You will not hesitate.
Griffin: Listen, baby. Risk and reward. If you do it, it'll be fuckin‘ rad. If you
don‘t do it, you'll die, and you'll have to start a new character.
Travis: I'm gonna—can I retcon that I've tied my rope off to something in
the car?
Griffin: What did you tie it off to?
Travis: I don't know, one of the tables in the dining car?
Griffin: M‘kay.
Clint: Well, we could hold the other end of the rope.
Travis: I don‘t trust you fuckers.
Justin: That seems like a lot of work. What if I get bored?
Travis: See?
Griffin: Alright, so you've tied a rope to what?
Travis: One of the tables in the dining car.
Griffin: Okay, and you've secured it around your waist?
Travis: No, I'm just holding onto it. Like, I'm repelling down the side of the
train. I'm gonna slacken my grip a little bit to slide down the rope.
Griffin: Okay, I see. So the rope is sort of like a—
Justin: Like sideways repelling.
Griffin: Like a streamer coming off the train, going behind it, and you are
just sort of slowly scooching your way down it.
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: Okay. So you are sideways repelling down the length of the train.
Uh, moving down, past the dining car. The cargo car that you are now next
to is kind of almost perfectly smooth, like a bullet.
Travis: Perfectly smooth, like a butt.
Griffin: You are successfully navigating the length of uh, of the train. And
you make it past the cargo car, uh, to the caboose door. There‘s like a small
platform, uh, at the back of the door. Uh, with uh, y'know, a small step
going up to it off the back of the car.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Um, and standing on that platform is a giant brute of a monster.
Travis: Excellent.
Griffin: Skinless, made of meat. Uh, he is gargantuan, sort of the Hulk size.
But he has a very, very small hand. A very small left hand that smells very
bad. A very, very stinky, small left hand. Uh, and you stop to admire
him as you are sideways, repelling down the side of the train.
Travis: Is it the conductor?
Griffin: Uh, and as you say that, ―Is that the conductor? This brutish
monster rears back and punches you in the sternum.
Travis: Okay. Ow.
Griffin: He rolls a 21.
Travis: Well yeah, then.
Clint: This is not gonna be good. 
Travis: No, it‘s alright, yo.
Griffin: And he hits you for 16 points of damage.
Travis: Wow!
Griffin: And as he clocks you, you uh, need to roll a dexterity saving throw
to make sure you don‘t let go of the rope.
Travis: Well, I don‘t. Just trust me, I don‘t.
Clint: Wouldn‘t that be a strength roll?
Travis: That is… I rolled a 19.
Griffin: A 19, okay. So you do manage to get uh, to stay holding onto the
rope, but this punch sort of just like, like you're on a tire swing—
Travis: That‘s great.
Griffin: —pushes you backwards.
Travis: Let me ask you this, Griffy.
Griffin: Yeah?
Travis: How far are we away from reentering the tunnel?
Griffin: Uh, you can yell to Graham to try and get an estimate.
Travis: I mean, I can't see it?
Griffin: You're about—actually, as you get swung away from the train, uh,
you see that you are about one third of the way there.
Travis: Okay, so like, second-wise, could you estimate?
Griffin: Uh, 60 seconds.
Travis: Cool. Okay, well, so now I'm just kind of like, flying off the train,
right?
Griffin: Uh, yeah. You are no longer—before the rope was sort of flush with
the train‘s wall, and you had sort of perfect control on it as you were
repelling down. Now, you are just sort of holding on for dear life as this rope
sort of swings around. You're no longer like, level with the train. You're like,
a bit above it now.
Travis: Perfect. I'm gonna wait 59 seconds.
Griffin: Okay?
Travis: Listen,'cause this is gonna be physics, and it‘s awesome. As we go
into the tunnel, and the rope starts to compress back against the train, just
before it gets to me, I take the bean and basically become a wrecking ball,
and smash into the brute at the back of the train. Listen, don‘t give me the bean if you don‘t want me to use the
bean!
Griffin: Okay. So you are holding onto the rope with one hand.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: So you are flying above the train. You are waiting. You have waited
59 seconds. The train has started to move back into the tunnel. As the uh,
uh, dining car moves into the train, it uh, begins to pull the rope back in
towards the train, and you pop this heaviness bean in your mouth?
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Okay. And from your position above the train, you get super-duper
heavy, and begin to fall directly behind the train. The rope catches on the
roof, and you are going to make a really cool acrobatics check if you're going
to do this thing. Because I should‘ve just killed you on the side of a tunnel.
Travis: Sweet. 17… that‘s a 19.
Griffin: 19. Okay. Uh, you come down on this thing hard. You manage to
get him with like your curled up knee, sort of Tony Jaa style, which uh, hits
him for… we‘ll say… You came in pretty hard, and you're
really heavy, so we‘ll say 2d8 damage.
Travis: That‘s this one… That‘s 14.
Griffin: Uh, you knock this meat monster, with uh, the hand of the
engineer, through the door. You see him collide with Jenkins, uh, who is
bent over on the floor, digging through items that he has apparently pulled
off of the cryptsafe, which is—pulled out of the cryptsafe, I should say,
which has been popped open. And there, you see another meat monster,
with another very small hand, with this hand firmly planted on the cryptsafe.
Travis: Can I see treesplitter?
Griffin: Uh, Railsplitter.
Travis: Railsplitter.
Griffin: Uhh…
Travis: I call him treesplitter. It‘s my pet name for him.
Griffin: Uh, you do. You see it on the ground behind Jenkins on the ground
close to the front door. And through that front door, you can actually see
your party in the dining car. Yeah, you knock this meat monster back into
Jenkins, who is on the ground. He‘s holding a shitty, metallic compass in his
hand, and sort of pouring over all of the items on the ground. When this
meat monster collides with him, he falls over. The silver rod that he was
using to channel the ports, uh, flies out of his grip, and uh, and Merle and
Taako, you can see this scene now through the door of the cargo car.
He looks up at you with a start, and he goes, uh…
Jenkins: What the fuck?
Griffin: And uh, we‘re gonna get into combat, but I'm going to give you a
surprise round on him, since this was all very, very surprising.
Travis: I want to spit out the bean and jump across the room.
Griffin: Okay. 
Travis: So that way, I can be on the same side as my party and Railsplitter.
Griffin: Okay. You spit out the bean, making you float again with your
magic jumping boots. Uh, position yourself against a wall, and just like, sort
of…
Travis: And just be clear, I spit it back in my hand. I didn‘t just like, spit it
out.
Griffin: Yeah,'cause maybe you want to be heavy again at some point.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh, you just sort of missile-launch yourself across the room, and
you're going to punch Jenkins? Or what are you doing?
Travis: No, I just want to get—can I jump across the room and
punch him as I fly? Or just give him the finger as I fly by.
Griffin: Okay, you fly by the— As you float effortlessly through
the room, over the meat monster, uh, you flip him the bird, and now you're
on the other end of the room. Uh, and uh, that‘s gonna do it for your
surprise round. I need you to roll initiative.
Justin: Five.
Travis: I rolled a nine.
Clint: 13.
Travis: That‘s a good spread, guys. Now, Griffin, my question is, are Jess
and Graham and Angus backing us up, and will you be playing three NPCs
versus three NPCs?
Griffin: Depends on how quickly you guys can all kill them.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Uh, first in the order are the two meat monsters.
Travis: Cool.
Justin: Great.
Griffin: Uh, and the first one, uh, is the one that you kneed in the chest,
who stands up and trudges his way over to—
Travis: Now, isn‘t standing up a move action, Griffin?
Griffin: No. It takes half your move.
Travis: Oh.
Griffin: Don‘t tell—don‘t tell me the rules of Dungeons & Dragons, please. Uh, he stands up, and uh, trudges over to you, and uses his big
fist. Not his little stinky fist.
Travis: Mm.
Griffin: To uh, just sort of overhead hammer strike you. And that‘s a 24.
Travis: Jesus! Yeah, no, that‘s a hit. That‘s a solid hit.
Griffin: Uh, and that is 13 points of damage.
Travis: Alright. I'm in a bad way.
Griffin: Uh, and the other one takes his uh, tiny, uh, hand off of the
cryptsafe, trudges towards you, and uh, comes at you with sort of a chop
from the side. Rolls a 19.
Travis: I mean, yeah, that hits.
Griffin: Uh, that‘s 11 damage.
Travis: Okay. I'm down to one.
Griffin: Okay. That‘s it for the meat monsters. Uh, next in the order is
Merle.
Clint: Okay, so if he has one, I cannot cast spare the dying. That‘s a
cantrip. Well, then uh, I'm gonna use my warhammer on the, uh—
Griffin: You—okay. So many things. You don‘t have the warhammer. You're
not in the room.
Clint: Yep. You're right. I will move forward into the car.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: And cast sacred flame on the wounded meat monster.
Griffin: Okay. Uh… yeah. Go for it. Oh, I have to roll. Uh, he rolled an 11.
It‘s against your spellcasting modifier, which is higher than that.
Clint: 1d8 radiant damage.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Oh man, y'know, I really wish that when I was getting punched a
bunch, I remembered that I had a bunch of skills I could use to avoid taking
damage. Oh, maybe next time.
Clint: Punched a bunch. I like punched a bunch. Uh, okay, so that‘s five. 
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Plus one for the holy symbol, right? For the Extreme Teen Bible?
Griffin: Yes. Uh, and you're gonna do bonus damage,'cause these things
are undead. Vulnerability to a damage type means damage of that type is
doubled against it. Uh, so, you blast this thing with radiant light.
Justin: What does that even mean?
Griffin: Uh, you've destroyed it.
Justin: Okay, good. That‘s—yeah. Excellent.
Griffin: Uhh, next—
Clint: Yay me! Win!
Griffin: Uh, next in the order is Magnus.
Travis: Great.
Griffin: You are standing in this room. Uh, you got one meat monster left.
Uh, Jenkins has uh, stood up, and rolled poorly on his initiative, so he hasn't
taken any actions. Uh, he says…
Jenkins: How—how did you—how—
Griffin: It‘s gonna take me a while to get back into Jenkins. I was so
excited when he died that I wouldn‘t have to do him anymore.
Clint: And then he proved to be so popular.
Griffin: I know.
Jenkins: How could you have possibly seen through my perfect crime?
Magnus: Because you're not a very good wizard.
Jenkins: I'm the best wizard—
Magnus: You're a wiener.
Jenkins: Okay, you—I hate you all so mu—
Magnus: You're a wiener, Jenkins.
Jenkins: I hate you all s—
Magnus: More like Winkins.
Jenkins: I hate you all so much.
Magnus: I'm gonna call you Wankins from now on.
Jenkins: My name is not Wankins.
Magnus: Wankins.
Merle: Dinkins. How about Dinkins?
Magnus: Dinkins is pretty good. What about Jerkins?
Merle: Dinkins!
Magnus: How about Jerkins?
Jenkins: I'm going—I'm going to kill everyone on this train, and then I'm
going to bring you all back to life again, and then I'm going to kill you again.
Magnus: More like Junkins.
Jenkins: This is—
Merle: Yeah, but that would take another spell slot.
Griffin: Um, next in the order is Magnus.
Travis: I want to pick up Railsplitter. How do I do that?
Griffin: You… do it.
Travis: Okay. I pick up Railsplitter.
Clint: But bent from the knees. Bend from the knees, not from the waist.
Travis: And I want to pop the bean back in my mouth.
Griffin: Okay. You pop the bean back in your mouth. You're very heavy.
Travis: How close am I to the um, to the meat monster?
Griffin: He‘s right up on you. He just punched you.
Travis: Great. I want to swing my axe at his head, two-handed.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: That is 22. 22.
Griffin: Okay. Yes. Sufficient.
Travis: And 1d10 plus six… which is a d10… that is a 10. 16 damage.
Griffin: Okay, woof. He is bloodied.
Travis: And now, I want to step backwards.
Griffin: Uh—
Clint: But you're heavy.
Griffin: If you do that, you're gonna take an opportunity attack.
Travis: Well, I don‘t want that.
Griffin: No. Who would? It‘s big meat monster.
Travis: But if I don‘t get away from him, I'll die. No, I'll still step back.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: It is important to me to get away from him. I have one point of
damage.
Griffin: Okay. You're gonna take an opportunity attack. Are you ready for
the opportunity attack?
Travis: Let me brace myself… 
Griffin: Okay. Uh, 18.
Travis: Oh man, it just hits.
Griffin: Okay. It‘s gonna be more than one.
Travis: Well…
Griffin: That‘s a guaran-goddamn-tee.
Taako: I think the real takeaway here is that this step back has portrayed a
real lack of faith in my ability to kill that monster.
Griffin: Uh, that‘s ten points of damage.
Taako: Woof.
Travis: Hold on.
Merle: I guess when you fly solo, that happens sometimes.
Taako: Yeah, maybe you should‘ve let your boy Taako…
Merle: Yeah, maybe having a team is not all that bad…
Magnus: Yeah, that‘s great coming from a cleric who expended all of his
spell slots to heal me doing weird shit earlier.
Merle: Ohh, well, you're the dead guy.
Griffin: Here‘s a zone of truth. You're dead.
Travis: So I'm going to use parry. Use reaction dice to reduce damage by
the dice, plus my dexterity.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: That is eight, plus my dexterity, is ten.
Griffin: Your dexterity is ten?
Travis: No, my dexterity is two, but plus my dexterity is ten.
Griffin: Okay. So you—do you get a counter attack?
Travis: Uh, no, not with parry. I only get that with riposte when it‘s missed.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, he brings his meaty fist down on you, and you
effortlessly, like the water, move around it. Uh, and now you can move.
Travis: Okay. I'm gonna get back with the rest of my party.
Griffin: Okay. You're back there. Next in the order is Taako.
Justin: I'm gonna cast ray of frost. I know it‘s boring. On the monster
that‘s already taken some damage.
Griffin: Okay. You're still outside of the train in the space between cars.
Justin: Okay, well, I came within 30 feet.
Griffin: Okay. He was right by the door, so you can shoot him through it.
Justin: I'll just cast through it.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Uh, 22.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s a hit.
Travis: Nice.
Justin: Okay. And then it does… six damage.
Griffin: Uh, okay. Cool. He is very, very bad off. Next in the order is
Jenkins, who uh, surveys the scene. He drops his—this compass he was 
using, and his uh, silvery port rod thing. Uh, and he leverages his wand, and
points it at the meat monster, and he says…
Jenkins: Okay. I see I'm out numbered, and out axed. Uh, I am a big
enough man to admit defeat, so here is the deal I will make everybody on
this train.
Griffin: Uh, he says, uh…
Jenkins: This meat monster is equipped with one of Hudson‘s hands. I
grew this monster out of Hudson‘s hand. Uh, and if he is destroyed, like the
other one you just killed, then the hand will be lost, and we will have no way
of getting back into the engine car to slow down the train before it arrives in
Neverwinter in…
Griffin: He looks at his pocket watch. Apparently everybody has those. He
says, uh…
Jenkins: In about ten minutes. So, everybody is going to back off and shut
the door to this car, leave me to find my treasure, and uh, we‘ll be able to
stop this train in time. What do you say?
Travis: Magnus turns to Taako and says…
Magnus: Hey, do you think you could figure out that port wand thing?
Taako: Absolutely. Probably.
Magnus: Okay, cool.
Taako: Probably.
Magnus: Good enough for me. We don‘t need a hand.
Griffin: Jenkins says, uh…
Jenkins: No takers, huh?
Taako: No thanks, papa.
Magnus: Go fuck yourself, Wankins.
Taako: Go fu—yeah. What he said. But like, imagine me saying it too, but angrier.
Magnus: Like simultaneously, like a Greek chorus.
Griffin: He says, uh…
Jenkins: Well, okay.
Griffin: And he points his wand at the meat monster, and a bolt of fiery
flame shoots out of it. Uh… and he rolled a two, and uh, misses the meat
monster by a country mile.
Taako: The worst!
Griffin: Uh, and uh, with that, it‘s back to the top of the order, which is the
meat monster.
Griffin: Which trudges over to Jenkins, picks him up by the throat, and
throws him out of the uh, open caboose door. And Jenkins… rolls an eight on
his dexterity saving throw, and you don‘t see Jenkins anymore. He is gone.
He has been deposited out of the back of the train. You hear him go… 
Jenkins: Smell you laterrrr!
Clint: Then I guess I'll cast sacred flame again at the meat monster.
Griffin: Okay!
Justin: Well, hold on. Wait a minute. Did we just lose the wand?
Griffin: No. He set it down.
Justin: Okay. Alright.
Griffin: Uh, the meat monster rolls a eight, which is not good enough.
Clint: Yeah. Six.
Griffin: Six, so that‘s 12 damage. Uh, he is reduced to ash as well, and he
floats out the back of the open car door.
Travis: Finally free to go to heaven.
Griffin: Well, no, meat monsters don‘t go to heaven.
Travis: Wow, Griffin.
Clint: All meat monsters go to heaven.
Justin: All meat mons—that‘s my favorite Don Bluth movie. All meat
monsters go to heaven.
Clint: Mm-hmm. And Burt Reynolds.
Travis: And Don Bluth is my favorite Arrest Development character.
Griffin: Uh, let‘s stop there.
Travis: On that solid goof.
Griffin: Hey everyone, it‘s Griffin. Just popping in one more time before the
end of the episode to thank Nature Box one more time. Nature Box is where
you can order hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks. Go to
NatureBox.com/Adventure to sign up for a free sampler box of great tasting,
healthy snacks.
Next episode‘s up on June 4th, so we‘ll see you then.

[BAL16]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
He takes this rod, he points it at the doorframe, and it opens up to a
greenhouse. It‘s the most gorgeous collection of plants that any of you have
ever seen.
Jenkins: Remember – don‘t leave anything behind, and you cannot take
anything with you.
Magnus: Except memories.
Taako: Jenkins killed the engineer, switched clothes with him…
Merle: And then burnt up the body to prevent further investigation.
Taako: Burned the body to prevent further investigations.
Griffin: Jenkins… he‘s holding a shitty, metallic compass in his hand, and
sort of pouring over all of the items on the ground.
Jenkins: This meat monster, if he is destroyed like the other one you just
killed, then the hand will be lost, and we will have no way of getting back
into the engine car to slow down the train before it arrives in Neverwinter.
Travis: Magnus turns to Taako and says…
Magnus: Hey, do you think you could figure out that port wand thing?
Taako: Absolutely. Uh, probably.
Magnus: Okay, cool.
Taako: Probably.
Griffin: The meat monster trudges over to Jenkins and throws him off the—
out of the uh, open caboose door.
Jenkins: Smell ya laterrr…
Announcer: If our heroes can't stop this runaway train, then I'm going to
have to find a new podcast to introduce! Is Serial hiring? It‘s The Adventure
Zone!
Griffin: Jess and Angus and Graham all barge into the cargo car where you
have just destroyed these meat monsters, and one of the meat monsters
just destroyed Jenkins. And Jess yells…
Jess: Let‘s get busy!!
Griffin: And her axe appears in her hand.
Justin: So she just appeared in the car?
Griffin: Yeah, they all came into the car.
Taako: And that‘s the—my entire plan for how we stop the train! They missed it. I guess they missed it, but it‘s really good.
Angus: Can you uh, can you start over from the beginning?
Griffin: Angus says…
Taako: Uhh… Hatchi matchi.
Merle: Well, why don‘t you tell us your plan and how it competes with his?
Taako: We‘ll compare. Contrast and compare. They're bored, they don‘t
want to hear my plan again.
Griffin: Uh, Angus leans over to you, Taako, and says…
Angus: I think we should probably find that item you guys were
looking for first, before anybody else can get their hands on it.
Magnus: Okay.
Angus: That was just—not for you. That was Taako. That was in Taako‘s
ear.
Taako: Okay.
Angus: But I guess I'll put—I'll whisper to you, too. We should find the
item.
Justin: I bend down and pick up the compass that he was using.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Um, and I will cast an arcane knowledge check to see how much I
know about the… the thing.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Five. 14.
Griffin: Okay. Using your uh, arcane knowledge, you uh, pick up that this is
not telling you sort of which direction you're facing. It‘s not a uh, it is not a
traditional compass. Uh, as you sort of move around with it around the
room, though, the needle is moving. And it almost appears to be a sort of a
dowsing rod, if you will.
Justin: Right. Is there any arc—do I get anything from the arcane
knowledge check that I couldn‘t have put together with context clues?
Griffin: Uh…
Justin: My own damn self?
Griffin: Uh, no, you don‘t. And Angus says, uh…
Angus: What is that? What do you got there?
Taako: I think it‘s a compass, but not pointing motion. I thought I'd know
more about it, but I don‘t, and it‘s trying—
Angus: What is it—what is it pointing—
Travis: On the back is carved in, ―Captain Jack Sparrow. 
Angus: What is it pointing towards?
Taako: It‘s a dowsing thing.
Angus: A dowsing rod. Interesting. What if the killer was—the killer‘s
victims were all extremely wealthy. What if that dowsing rod was able to
point at like, the most valuable thing? It would explain how we could find
your object that nobody knew about. Because if it‘s as powerful as you say, I
imagine it‘s incredibly valuable.
Taako: Well, that‘s a good point.
Clint: Why don‘t we examine the stuff in the—I almost did Taako. 
Why don‘t we examine the stuff in the cryptsafe?
Justin: Yeah, like, what do we see?
Travis: What do we see?
Griffin: Uh, you see everybody‘s weapons that have been pulled out and
placed on the floor. Merle, you can collect your warhammer, if you want.
Clint: Thanks.
Griffin: And your shield, if you want it.
Travis: Yaaay!
Justin: Say that you're doing it.
Griffin: Uh… I can just assume that you have re-equipped yourself with all
of the objects in the room. Uh, and then there are some other sort of
valuables laying around. There‘s a set of silverware. A fine silverware that
has been splayed open, and some of the forks and knives are sort of laying
all around the room. There is a briefcase that is, uh, locked up, laying on the
floor. There‘s just sort of a bunch of valuable debris laying all around. It‘s a
pretty big pile. It is all of the valuable cargo that everybody in the car was
bringing with them.
And you have this compass that seems to be sort of reacting to something in
the room.
Merle: Could we not walk around the room and be able to use that to
triangulate? 'Cause if it keeps pointing to that most valuable item, and we
walk around the room, eventually, won't it lead us right to the item?
Taako: Yeah, that sounds like good thinkin‘.
Justin: And I toss him the compass.
Griffin: Okay. You toss Merle the compass, and uh—
Travis: Meanwhile, I'm keeping an eye on Jess and Graham, and just kind
of doing like a, ―Nothing to see here, folks, nothing to see. Move it on back,
move it on back. 
Clint: Keep movin‘.
Magnus: Nothin‘ to see here.
Griffin: Uh, okay. Uh, yeah. Merle, the compass seems to be pointing you
at something on the left side of the cargo car. Uh, there‘s uh, a few items
scattered around there. And as you move around, it seems to be pointing to
a certain location. And as you look down at basically where the compass
zeroes out, it‘s sort of spinning, you are standing directly over a small
monocle with a silvery trim around it, and a uh, a long, silver chain.
Merle: 'Cause we do not know exactly what it is we were sent to recover,
right?
Magnus: Correct.
Taako: Also, be cautious.
Justin: I notice him doing this.
Taako: Be careful, because you remember the thrall that the… the previous
item cast.
Merle: And the big ass fire.
Taako: Yeah.
Merle: Yeah.
Taako: This conversation probably sounds crazy to the people in the train,
eh?
Merle: Probably.
Jess: What is going on over there?!
Merle: We are rewarding faithful listeners!
Magnus: Nothing to see here, folks. Nothing to see. Move it along, now.
Move it along.
Griffin: So yeah, you firmly believe that this monocle is the, uh, at the very
least, the most valuable item in the room.
Travis: Is it powerful?
Taako: I guess I should be the one to try to pick it up, right? 'Cause I
resisted the thrall before.
Magnus: Yeah, sure. Sounds solid.
Merle: Are our bracers of no use in this instance?
Taako: Yeah, can we like, scan it or shoot a laser out of it?
Griffin: I don't know how to tell you guys this. These—
Magnus: Did we bring any kind of centrifuge?
Griffin: These bracers are not fucking Tricorders. You're not gonna set
these motherfuckers to stun. They have one thing that they do.
Travis: Remind me what that one thing is. Just—
Griffin: It summons the transport.
Travis: Cool.
Griffin: If you do that now, you're just gonna waste a glass ball, 'cause it‘s
gonna crash into a mountain, 'cause you're in a mountain.
Travis: Okay. So when I poked it earlier, I wasted a glass ball.
Griffin: No, you didn‘t get any signal.
Travis: Okay. Well, y'know, you gotta check your carrier at that point.
Clint: No bars.
Griffin: Yeah, no bars.
Justin: Okay, I uh, I get—I start reaching my hand towards it, but not
touching. But just start reaching my hand towards it to see if I'm getting any
vibes.
Griffin: Okay. As you begin to reach your hand towards it, you get a vibe.
The monocle starts to sort of shake and rattle on the floor, and you hear a
voice in your mind saying, uh…
Voice: Hey. Heyyy buddy. Heyyy buddy.
Travis: You want to see some DVD movies?
Voice: Buddy. Heyyy, buddy. Put me on.
Travis: I got all the latest releases.
Voice: I've got all—I've got—I've got Jack and Jill 2, starring Adam Sandler.
It‘s too hot for TV. Heyyy, buddy. Put me on. I can make anything—anything you can
imagine turn real. Heyyy, buddy, come on.
Justin: Okay, I pick up the monocle—
Voice: Ohh yeah buddy, put me on. Put me on.
Justin: With—with the handle of my umbrella.
Griffin: Okay. You scoop it up with the handle of your umbrella. Uh, you're
still gonna make a will saving throw, but that‘s such a good idea, I'll give
you advantage on it. Um, so make a wisdom saving throw. And you're gonna
contest this thing‘s wisdom.
Justin: Natural 20.
Clint: Natural 20.
Griffin: It‘s a three. Yeah, you— You beat the shit out of the thrall. Okay, you have resisted the
thrall of this monocle, and you hear him go…
Voice: Aww, come onnn. Come on, buddy. Aww, buddy. Come on. Come
on, buddy. Buddy, I can—anything in the wooorld. Anything! Anything! What 
do you want? Just imagine it and I can make it real, buddy!
Taako: Jokes on you. I can't think very good.
Clint: He has no imagination.
Justin: No imagination to tempt, my friend.
Griffin: Uh, okay. You have beaten the thrall of this thing. What are you
gonna do with it?
Justin: Uh, I'm gonna throw it into my backpack. My satchel.
Travis: Maybe wrap it up in something first.
Griffin: No, toss it in loose into your—toss this incredibly valuable, powerful
item into your fucking JanSport. Put it in the headphones chamber.
Justin: No, I can't—I can't, um… I don‘t want to touch it. So like…
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Uh, okay, so you lower the uh, the
uh, thing into the—the monocle into your bag, and sort of unscoop it from
your umbrella handle and close it up, and you have contained another relic.
Magnus: Kudos all around!
Griffin: Something weird happens. Your—as you are holding your umbrella,
it also seems to like, almost like a dowsing rod, point towards the back of 
the chamber, right near the caboose door. And there, you see the uh,
Jenkins‘ wand. Not the port rod, but his wand he used for his magicks. And
the umbrella starts to almost like, pull you—
Justin: Aww, yeah!
Griffin: Pull you towards it. And this—
Justin: I—I—I eat the wand with the Umbrastaff.
Griffin: Yeah. The Umbrastaff deploys. It opens up like an umbrella, and
then it sort of turns inside out, like an umbrella in the rain—in the wind. And
uh, the wand flies into the mouth, basically, of your umbrella, which rattles
and sort of opens and closes like it‘s chewing it up.
And then, uh, when it closes again, the wand is gone, and uh, you look
down, and your umbrella actually has a uh, a marking on the handle. Like a
sigil that is actually in the shape of an umbrella. Uh, on it. So your
Umbrastaff just ate the wand of this wizard that you have bested.
Justin: Great!
Travis: And what happens to my Railsplitter, Griffin? Something magical
like that?
Griffin: Your Railsplitter… disintegrates.
Travis: Oh no!
Justin: Nooo, it turned to ash!
Griffin: Uh, Angus says…
Angus: I'm really glad that uh, everything‘s working out for you. A wand
got eaten by another staff, it was really cool, and you did a thing with a
monocle, and all of that‘s great—
Magnus: We solved this one, guys.
Merle: But we‘re still hurdling towards our death.
Angus: But Graham, what are we uh, what are we lookin‘ at now?
Griffin: And Graham says, uh… Graham looks at his pocket watch, and he
says…
Graham: We got about, uh—we got about, uh…
Griffin: Nope, that‘s…
Graham: We've got about, uh, seven minutes before we arrive at
Neverwinter, and if we don‘t start slowing down now, it‘s gonna be real bad!
Justin: No, he had sort of like a hippie.
Griffin: You're right, you're right, you're right. Hold on.
Graham: Uh… we've got about seven minutes
before we arrive in Neverwinter. If we don‘t slow down now, it‘s gonna be
really bad.
Clint: That‘s better. And I think he had better motivation there, too. That
was good.
Justin: Yeah, I felt the energy from that one.
Clint: Yeah, that was good.
Travis: That was good. Let‘s do one more, just in case. Just for coverage.
Griffin: I have no voice. Please, let‘s just keep playing the game.
Justin: Um…
Taako: Okay, so—
Merle: We gotta find the—yeah.
Taako: Give—
Justin: I pick up the port wand.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And I… let‘s do… let‘s do an arcane check on—well, I feel like I've
already done an arcane check on the wand. Like, I know everything I'm
gonna know about the wand. I'm not gonna learn anything else from an
arcane check, right?
Griffin: Yeah, certainly not in the next seven minutes.
Justin: I…
Travis: Is there a button on it?
Justin: I focus on the engineer‘s, uh, room.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And point it… well, hold on.
Taako: Everybody out.
Justin: And as people are leaving, I kind of hang back, and I'm like…
Taako: Okay, now, everybody face the forward of the train, and really
focus on the engineer. What the engine—like, what the engineer‘s room
looks like.
Griffin: Are you using everybody else‘s imagination?
Taako: Yeah, I need everybody to go into the adjacent car and just turn
towards the engineer‘s car and really focus on it. Okay?
Clint: And then clap if you believe in fairies.
Justin: Alright, is everybody—is everybody doing that?
Griffin: Yeah, everybody moves in there. So, you've moved everybody into
the dining car.
Justin: Right.
Griffin: You're still in the cargo car?
Taako: Right, and then, everybody face towards the front of the train and
really focus on it, okay?
Magnus: Okay.
Merle: Uhhh…
Justin: Now, while they're doing that, I scoop the remaining valuables into
my bag.
Clint: 
Griffin: Okay, you pick up a golden tiara. You pick up
the silverware set.
Justin: Nice. Nice.
Griffin: You pick up the briefcase.
Justin: Nice!
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Okay, keep focusing! You're doing great!
Justin: I leave, and I go into the adjacent car with them, and I uh, focus on
the engineer‘s room, and I cast the transportational magic on the door to
the uh, the cargo—
Griffin: Back to the cargo car?
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you're gonna have to make some sort of check.
Justin: Yeah, right.
Clint: I didn‘t think he‘d be able to pull that one off.
Justin: Didn‘t think so. Considering I don‘t even know the word for what
I'm doing…
Clint: Expelliarmus!
Travis: And I… do it!
Justin: Do a magic. I just did a magic there.
Travis: And let me check my sheet here… yeah, it says I have a plus five
just doing it.
Griffin: Uh, let‘s just do a spellcasting, uh, modifier check. Uh… you're
not—you're not casting a spell; you are sort of channeling the spell that is
imbued in this rod, which explains how you're like, capable of doing it. Um,
but yeah. Why don‘t you go ahead and uh, roll just a basic intellect check?
Justin: Oh, intellect. Okay. Two. Okay. My first try… fizzles.
Griffin: Yeah. No, it doesn‘t fizzle, actually. You see a figure start to take shape
through the cargo car door, and you can see into the engineer‘s car, but it
kind of looks like a cartoon. Like, everything is like, really squiggly, and uh—
Clint: Oh, like the a-ha video!
Justin: Yeah, like the a-ha video.
Griffin: Yeah, you have basically created the a-ha video.
Clint: Taaake ooon meee…
Griffin: But it‘s in the engineer‘s car.
Justin: Okay. Okay, I try again.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Let me take another pass at this. This time, for sure.
Griffin: Okay, but as—before you cast your second spell, through the
windows of the dining car, light starts to pour in as you have moved out of
another mountain. And Graham says, uh…
Graham: We‘re in the final—we‘re in the final stretch! We've got about four
minutes before we hit Neverwinter! You gotta do something quick!
Justin: Okay, I got a 19.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, this time, you do it, and the rod, uh… a silvery web of
light shoots out, and fills the door, and you can see with perfect clarity, the
engineer‘s car. It‘s kind of disorienting, because you're facing backwards,
but through the front windshield of the train, you see the train moving
forwards. And yeah, you can see into the engineer‘s car.
Travis: Okay. Let‘s go in there. We go in there.
Justin: We all go in there.
Griffin: Okay. Uh—
Clint: We‘re in there.
Taako: Does anybody—listen. Does anybody know how to stop a train?
Magnus: I have vehicle proficiency!
Griffin: Graham says, uh—
Taako: Of course you do.
Griffin: Graham says, uh…
Graham: I've been training my entire life for this, so I could give it a shot!
Magnus: Wait, you've been training your entire life for this?
Graham: To be a train engineer! Yeah, absolutely!
Taako: Yeah, remember in his backstory?
Magnus: Oh yeahhh.
Merle: Yeahhh.
Taako: Yeahhh.
Magnus: Yeahhh.
Taako: So you've done this in like, video games before.
Graham: Yeah, basically. Well, dream vision fantasies.
Clint: Still don‘t want to acknowledge video games exist. Okay.
Taako: Okay, go ahead.
Graham: No, tell me about these video James! We‘re gonna collide with Neverwinter in about three minutes, but
tell me about video James!
Merle: Should we—
Magnus: Video James is a cool dude!
Merle: You know Video James!
Taako: Ladies love cool Video James.
Griffin: Uh, he says, uh…
Graham: Everybody, hold on tight!
Griffin: And he grabs the brake lever of the train.
Travis: I pop the bean in my mouth.
Griffin: You pop the bean in your mouth. Uh, that thing‘s gonna run out of
magic pretty soon. You don‘t have infinite heavy—
Travis: Infinite bean!
Griffin: Infinite heavy bean!
Clint: Griffin, he ain't heavy. He‘s your brother.
Travis: Boom.
Griffin: And he rears back, full strength, on the brake lever… and it doesn‘t
move. And Graham says…
Graham: Oh, shit. Hold on.
Griffin: And he tries it again.
Travis: Now, Griffin, just to clarify before we move forward – Graham‘s
been training his whole life… to pull a lever. There‘s not like an intricate button-pushing process. He doesn‘t
need to know how to work the computer. He‘s been training his whole life to
pull a lever.
Griffin: Well, as the brake refuses to move, Graham actually starts
furiously punching buttons in the console, and uh, twisting knobs, and
moving other levers. And uh, he looks over at a panel on the left side of the
console and says, uh…
Graham: Oh, god, no. Guys, this one is also locked to the engineer‘s
handprint! Did anybody save one of those meat monster‘s hands?
Magnus: … No.
Merle: We burned 'em up, pretty much.
Justin: Yeah, I thought they were disintegrated, is what you said.
Merle: Is it possible we can disconnect the locomotive from the rest of the
train?
Graham: Yeah, but the locomotive‘s still gonna hit Neverwinter, and it‘s
gonna cause a lot of damage.
Merle: Have you met us?
Justin: Some other D&D game‘s problem.
Griffin: Wait a minute, wait a minute. ―You have safely brought
the princess back to her chambers in Neverwinter, after besting the 19
dragons of the Horadrim, and—oh fuck, a train! Oh my god, no, a train just
ran in—oh god, no! Oh Jesus! 
Clint: Well, we‘d be safe!
Justin: I'm just—I—I'm just living out my lifelong dream of reenacting the
end of Silver Streak. That‘s all I've ever wanted.
Griffin: Uh, Graham is punching in other buttons, and Angus is—
Angus: I'm—I'm too young to die! Oh god, no, this is gonna be terrible!
What can we do?
Griffin: Graham says…
Graham: We‘re not gonna be able to stop this train! We have to destroy it
somehow!
Magnus: Uhhhhh…
Taako: Okay, just a second. Just give me a second to think.
Merle: I say we disconnect the loc—we blow up the locomotive and then
disconnect it. And we stay in the back part.
Taako: We have no… we have no like… I don't know that we have anything
with that much power.
Magnus: We need to access an area that has that much power.
Taako: Nothing can come through the door, though.
Magnus: To port the locomotive to somewhere else.
Taako: Do—okay—
Graham: There‘s—there‘s an entry gate into Neverwinter that you have to
go through before you arrive at the platform.
Taako: Wait a minute! I got it, I got it, I got it! Okay, listen! This is stupid. Are you ready to do something really stupid?
Graham: I'm willing to do anything! We have about two and a half minutes!
Merle: Again, have you just met us?
Justin: I take the port wand, and I go into the engineer‘s car. Okay?
Griffin: Uh, okay.
Justin: Okay. And I—is there access to the roof, or to the front of it?
Somewhere where I can go stand?
Griffin: Well, you wouldn‘t be able to, because you are in the illusory… you
are in the port version of the engine car. So you can't leave it, except
through any way that you went out.
Justin: 
Griffin: Yeah. There are other ways out of the train, though. There‘s a door
that you came through when you first boarded the train, right in front of the
passenger car, which is right behind the engine car.
Justin: Okay, I'll go do that.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: and I just need to get outside.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: You are… okay, so you have popped open the door that you
boarded the train through, in front, uh, between sort of the engine car and
the passenger car, between the first and second cars in the train. And you
have opened it, and uh, are hanging out.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Where is everybody else? I'm assuming they‘ve left the engine car. Because they‘ll be destroyed if not. 
Justin: That‘s kind of up to them.
Clint: Well, we‘re not sure what he‘s thinking about. Are you thinking about
creating a port and having the train go through it, but in the opposite
direction?
Taako: What I'm thinking about is, I'm going to use this wand to change
the gate into Neverwinter into a gate to Phandalin. Because it‘s the only
place I know of that‘s completely empty and made of glass.
Griffin: Well, it would have to be a room with one entrance. But I like
where your head‘s at a lot.
Magnus: Open it to Jenkins‘ garden! Fuck that dude!
Taako: How big is Jenkins‘ garden?
Griffin: Uh, big enough for a train to crash into, probably.
Clint: How about Tom Bodett‘s house? 
Justin: Tom Bodett, we‘re comin‘ for you!
Travis: Can we get both of 'em?
Taako: No, that‘s good. I've seen Jenkins‘ garden, I've watched him open
the door, I know how to do it. I can change the gate at the last second into
a door into Jenkins‘ garden.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: Okay.
Magnus: Cast levitate on all of us.
Taako: No, no, listen. I—we've got this. You just have to trust me.
Merle: No, wait a minute!
Magnus: Well…
Merle: He‘s got a backpack full of stolen shit!
Griffin: You don‘t know that.
Magnus: Okay. Done. Fuck it. Y'know what? I trust you, Taako.
Travis: I lay my hand on his shoulder.
Magnus: I trust you. 
Taako: Oh, excellent.
Clint: I lay my hand on his hip and say…
Merle: That‘s as high as I can reach.
Griffin: And then you dip, he dip, we dip. We dip.
Angus: These are all really great goofs! We‘re gonna hit the gate in one
minute!
Magnus: Be cool, Angus, for one second! This is a team building moment!
Merle: What‘s the range of the port wand?
Griffin: You have no way of knowing that.
Magnus: Make us all lighter. Anchor so we‘re floating out the back.
Taako: Yeah! Wait, what?
Magnus: So, tie it off to the cryptsafe. We go out the back door so we‘re,
like, separate from the train.
Taako: But we don‘t—I don‘t—I don‘t have enough levitates to do that. I
can't levitate all of us. Ah shit, y'know what?
Magnus: Then levitate an object.
Taako: Y'know what? Let‘s just jump. How about that?
Merle: Yeah!
Taako: Let‘s just jump off a moving train!
Griffin: Yep. I mean, this is not a suspended bridge.
Taako: Yeah. It‘s a stupid garden. I'll fall on some daffodils or something.
Magnus: Okay.
Griffin: So wait, you're gonna wait until you're inside the garden to jump
out?
Magnus: No.
Taako: No. No.
Merle: Cast the portal, jump out.
Taako: Cast the portal, jump off.
Griffin: This, uh—as you lean out, you are overlooking just sort of a plain
type area, with some other tracks running through it, sort of like a rail yard.
Clint: Not saying it wouldn‘t hurt.
Griffin: I'm not—yeah, I'm saying if you jumped out, you wouldn‘t fall 150
feet to your death.
Justin: Okay, great. How close are we to the gate, though?
Griffin: Uh, I mean, you're 50 yards.
Justin: Perfect. Okay. I mean, am I close enough that I could cast the
spell, or do I need to wait longer?
Griffin: Uh, I mean, you can give it the ol‘ college try.
Justin: Oh, great. Okay. I'll wait until—
Taako: Everybody off! Everybody jump!
Justin: I'll wait 'til I'm at 25 yards.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: 'Cause I don‘t want to risk it.
Griffin: Uh, Angus says…
Angus: Are you sure about this? It seems like it‘s gonna hurt a lot, sir.
Clint: God, hit him.
Justin: I push Angus off the train.
Taako: You're fine!
Angus: Oh gosh, oh gosh!
Clint: He falls under the wheels!
Justin: No.
Clint: Tom Bodett style! You got Bodetted!
Griffin: Uh, no, he—you throw this canary in the mineshaft off the train.
You see him roll… a good distance. And uh, he‘s—he sits up and gives you a thumbs up, but he‘s
missing two teeth.
Justin: Great. Okay. Can everybody else hop off?
Travis: I jump. But I tuck and roll, so as to incur no damage.
Griffin: Acrobatics check!
Travis: I rolled a 45!
Griffin: Nope! It‘s not a number.
Travis: Uhh, uhh… let—no, that‘s not good. I'm gonna die.
Griffin: You won't die. You won't die die.
Travis: Won't I? I only have one hit point, Griffin.
Griffin: I mean, that‘s not death.
Travis: Uh, I rolled a 12.
Griffin: Okay, yeah, that‘s gonna hurt. It‘s two hit points, which, in any
other circumstance, I think would be a really good number to get.
Travis: Ugh.
Griffin: Uh, you see Magnus go off the train. He does not sit up and give a
thumbs up. Uh, next… who‘s jumpin‘ off?
Clint: I'm not jumpin‘ off yet. Let Jess and Juicy jump off.
Griffin: Uh, Jess and, uh… Jess leaps off effortlessly. She actually like,
jumps off and then manages to like, land on her feet running, and just sort
of stops moving. Perfect, like a cat.
Travis: Why didn‘t I do that?!
Griffin: 'Cause she‘s way cooler than you are. Like, way way way cooler.
And just sort of way better at everything.
Travis: Fine. Fine.
Taako: Graham, once you're off, do you have any magicks that could tend
to his wounds?
Graham: Uh, I can give it a try! I got a—
Taako: Great. That‘s good enough for me. Bye.
Graham: Okay. Well, I just want to say, I'm really proud of you.
Taako: Okay, good.
Travis: Okay, good.
Graham: And I just want to—I just want you to know that…
Justin: I push him off the train too. 
Graham: I just want you to know— That I want to be like you
somedaaay!
Griffin: And uh, he is now off the train. Uh, I think that‘s everyone.
Justin: Well, uh, Merle and I are still…
Griffin: Okay, yeah. You and Merle are still on the train.
Taako: Alright, let‘s jump, 'cause this looks—we‘re close. We‘re real close.
Merle: Alright. You gonna cast the thing?
Taako: Uhh, I probably need to jump and cast it afterwards so I can keep
my concentration.
Griffin: Okay.
Merle: Yeah, it‘ll be real easy to concentrate when you're rolling across
those railroad ties.
Taako: No, I mean, I'll hop up at the last second. It‘s gonna be sweet.
Merle: That would be really cool.
Justin: Well, let me get an acrobat—what is it? What kind of—do I need to
do an acrobatics check, or I'm—
Griffin: Yeah, both of you are making acrobatics checks.
Clint: Oh, we do? Okay.
Justin: Uh, 16 plus two, 18.
Clint: Uhh, 14 minus one. 13. Oh no no, I leveled that out—it‘s zero. It‘s
just 14.
Griffin: 14, and what did you get Taako?
Justin: 18.
Griffin: 18. Okay, Merle takes a little bit of damage.
Merle: Ow.
Griffin: Uh, five damage. Uh, but Taako, you do not. You land almost as
gracefully as Jess did, which is pretty impressive.
Justin: Great. And then I cast the—I focus on Jenkins‘ garden, and I cast,
uh, I use the transport wand on the gate to Neverwinter.
Griffin: Okay. Seconds before the train goes through the gate, you point
the port wand at the gate, and make a spellcasting check.
 
Justin: 19. Plus five. 24.
Griffin: 24. Okay. You see, in a flash, the train platform of Neverwinter
disappear, uh, and in its place, you see a lush garden. The train goes into it.
You hear a cacophonous smash as the glass container of the greenhouse
comes smashing down. You see greenery just sort of go flying, colliding with
the back of the gate, and just sort of stopping in midair and falling to the
ground. And the train goes through, and as the container of the greenhouse
is destroyed, the spell shuts off, and with a loud pop, the spell is interrupted,
and the train has vanished.
Magnus: Can I just say, you guys… way more successful than our last one!
We didn‘t destroy a city or anything!
Merle: Except for the damn garden.
Taako: Yeah, the garden‘s—
Magnus: Fuck Wankins‘ garden! I don‘t care about that dude!
Taako: Oh, everybody, I just remembered something terrible!
Magnus: What‘s that?
Taako: We forgot to get the valuables off before we did that out of the
safe!
Travis: And Merle and Magnus just kind of glare at Taako.
Angus: Oh no!
Griffin: Angus says…
Angus: Oh no, I was transporting my grandpa‘s favorite silverware! I was
gonna give it to him as a death day present!
Merle: Oh well!
Magnus: He‘ll be happy you're alive, Angus. That‘s present enough.
Angus: No, he said specifically, ―Bring me my silverware. I'd like to see it
one more time on my death bed. 
Magnus: Well, maybe you'll get lucky, and he‘ll be dead before you get
there!
Angus: We can only hope.
Magnus: 
Justin: Um, Griffin, can you say something about how we solved your train
mystery?
Griffin: Oh, I mean, you actually did solve my murder puzzle. You have
literally, for once, solved my puzzle of…
Clint: Murder! 
Griffin: Of… you solved my train puzzle.
Clint: Yeah!
Justin: Yay! 
Griffin: Hey, everyone. This is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master and
best friend. Thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone, episode 16,
which is the last part of our Murder on the Rockport Limited arc. I hope you
enjoyed it. Uh, I really, really liked doing a mystery for my family, and I was
really proud of them for solving it, and then killing some people along the
way and making treasured memories and friendships, also, along the way.
This week, The Adventure Zone is sponsored in part by Nature Box. Nature
Box is where you go to get snacks that are all made with zero artificial
flavors, colors, or sweeteners, zero grams trans fats, and no high fructose
corn syrup, and so much better for you than all the other snack options out
there. Beef jerky? No way, get that out of your mouth! Spit that out! Put
some Nature Box in there!
Next time you're hungry, you can grab jalapeno white cheddar popcorn,
pistachio power clusters, and big island pineapple. They got so many others,
uh, all super super tasty. I'm a big Nature Box fan, and you will be too if you
go to NatureBox.com/Adventure. You go to that website, you can get a free
trial box of their favorite snacks. So go do it, and put these great snacks in
your mouth and your body, and they‘ll make you very strong. They‘ll make
you twice as strong as you are right now.
The Adventure Zone is also supported again this week by Plaid Hat Games,
who are the producers of fun and engaging board games like Dead of
Winter, which is a psychological survivor game where players are forced to
work together to survive, but there might be a betrayer in their midst. There
probably is gonna go ahead and be a betrayer up in their midst.
They also make cool games like Mice and Mystics, which is like sort of a mini
D&D roleplaying game where you play as adorable mice. And mystics.
They're all really, really great. You can find all of them and more at
PlaidHatGames.com.
We have some personal messages. If you want to send something into the
ether for a loved one, or for your small business, you can do that by going to
MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron. This message is for Foley, and it‘s from Annie.
And Annie says to Foley, ―Little bear, the last eight years have been an
amazing adventure. Thank you for marrying me, and here‘s to the rest of
our lives together. I declare my love the best way I can – publically, through
a McElroy. 
Yes. Yes! Allow me to be your vessel! Allow your love to live through me and
sustain me! I have taken your love! Thank you, Annie and Foley. Y‘all sound
perfect for each other.
One more personal message here in the ol‘ mail sack, and it‘s for Lizzie
Lincoln, and it‘s from Mateo Irvin. That is a dope name. Sorry, Lizzie. Your
name‘s dope too, but Mateo? Come on. Dude sounds like he‘s channeling the
most powerful spell. 
Mateo says to Lizzie, ―Happy belated birthday! I am overjoyed to have you
in my life. You are an amazing actress, a wonderful cook, and my best
friend. You make me laugh more than anything in life, and seeing as how
you first showed me The Adventure Zone, that makes you responsible for
about 98% of my happiness. I can't wait to listen to this episode with you! I
love you! 
Oh my gosh. So much love in this episode. I'm drowning in it. I'm drowning
in y‘all‘s love. Happy belated birthday, Lizzie, and happy coolname, Mateo!
If you haven‘t listened to the other shows on the Maximum Fun network, I
guarantee you're gonna find something on there that you like in addition to
The Adventure Zone. All of us have other podcasts. Justin and Travis and I
do a show called My Brother, My Brother, and Me where we give out advice.
Justin does a show with his wife, Sydnee, called Sawbones, where they talk
about medical history.
Travis has a show with his buddy Andy called Bunker Buddies. Travis has
another show that he just launched with his other friend, Brent, that‘s not on
the Max Fun network, but it‘s really great. It‘s called Trends Like These. I
guarantee you're gonna like that one. I've been listening to it, and it‘s super
funny.
But there‘s other shows on the network not hosted by McElroys too, like
Jordan, Jesse, Go and Throwing Shade and Rendered and so many other
terrific programs. So go to MaximumFun.org and go listen to some other
free shows. They're free, and they're great.
One last plug – if you live in Portland, Seattle, or Vancouver, me and Justin
and Travis are gonna be doing My Brother, My Brother, and Me live in those
three cities at the end of August. You can find more information at
bit.ly/MBMBaMSeattle, and bit.ly/VanMBMBaM. The Portland show is sold
out, but you can always drive up to Seattle if you want to come see us.
There‘s lots of tickets available for that show.
Okay, that‘s it for the sales portion of this episode. Like I said, this is the last
part of the Murder on the Rockport Limited arc, so the next episode will 
probably be like an interlude where we do a little bit of character
management, some shopping, some hanging out on the moon before we
jump into the next campaign chapter.
Uh, thank you all so much for listening and for sharing the show. Uh, when
we start the new arc, we‘ll have new characters, and we name those after
people who tweet about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag, so
tweet using the hash tag, #TheZoneCast, and you might end up as a
character in the next campaign chapter.
Oh, and also, if you have a second, if you can go write a review and leave a
rating for us on iTunes, that really, really helps us out a lot. Thank you all so
much to the people who have already done that. It‘s been overwhelmingly
positive, and we love you so much.
Okay, that‘s it! Let‘s get back to the episode. The next episode will go up,
god willing and creek don‘t rise, on June 18th. So we will see you then. Is somebody going to keep Magnus from dying?
Magnus: That would be great.
Justin: I asked Graham to check on him.
Clint: Don‘t we have healing potions?
Justin: Will that work?
Griffin: Graham runs over to him and says, uh…
Graham: Yeah, this guy‘s like, dying, and I don‘t have any healing—I'm
like, a wizard.
Justin: Will potions work on him if he‘s past that point?
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Travis: Well, what‘s your stabilize patient thing do, Dad?
Justin: Oh, yeah. Can't you use that?
Griffin: Yeah, you've been trying to use it all day.
Clint: Yeah, I can use it. Well, I mean, what kept me from doing it before?
Travis: I wasn‘t actually at zero.
Griffin: Nobody was dead. He hadn‘t jumped out of a train bad yet.
Travis: Two points of damage isn‘t that bad! I would challenge anyone to
jump out of a train, and that‘s like stubbing a toe, but that had just
happened to be enough that I died of toe stubbage.
Clint: Okay, spare the dying. You touch a living creature that has zero hit
points. The creature becomes stable.
Griffin: Okay. You run back towards, uh, towards Magnus and touch him
lovingly upon the hip.
Clint: Can I do the brushing the lock of hair off his forehead thing? 'Cause
that—
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Yes you may.
Clint: That‘s so sweet.
Griffin: Yeah. You do that, and uh, he is stable. Which means he‘s basically
at zero hit points and he‘s not gonna die, but he does need to be… he does
need to get some HPs back. So a healing potion would probably go down
real smooth right now.
Justin: Well… isn‘t there probably an inn or something that we could just
walk to?
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Justin: Let‘s just walk. Wouldn‘t that be better?
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: We could carry him.
Justin: Yeah, let‘s carry him.
Travis: I'm very light. I got levitating boots.
Griffin: Okay. I like that. So—
Justin: He‘s got levitating boots. Let‘s just carry him.
Griffin: Okay, so you uh, put an arm around each of your guys‘ shoulders
and carry him back in to the train platform. You've got uh, Angus and Jess
and Graham in tow. Little battered, little bruised. Not Jess, 'cause she did a
great job.
Travis: 'Cause she‘s the best.
Griffin: She‘s just super, super good at fighting and acrobatics and stuff.
Uh, but yeah, you walk into the station, and standing on the platform are a
bunch of very well-dressed people with luggage who are just looking at you,
mouth-agape, because they just watched a fucking train disappear. And uh,
the authorities run up. The Neverwinter militia run up, and Angus produces a
uh, a small badge from inside his jacket and goes…
Angus: It‘s okay, they're with me!
Griffin: And goes and starts to talk to them. And the uh, the chaos of this
scene eventually subsides a little bit, and you are inside the platform. Jess
turns to you and goes…
Jess: Well, that was weird. There‘s a lot of static talk. Train disappeared.
Lot of really weird stuff just happened, but uh, I gotta say, that was pretty
exciting. I thought that was gonna be a pretty boring hype tour, but uh, you
guys sure livened it up. So if you're ever, uh… if you ever want to come to
one of my matches, I can get you in for free, on the house. Just say the
word.
Magnus: Quick question, Jess.
Jess: Yeah?
Magnus: Is that soul bound axe thing something you can teach me?
Jess: Uh, no, it‘s just—you gotta find it, you gotta love it, you gotta nurture
it. It‘s a relationship.
Merle: Will you give it to him?
Jess: I can't.
Magnus: We already tried that.
Merle: I thought that was gonna be the next question. Okay.
Magnus: No, we tried that like two episodes ago.
Jess: The problem is that it‘s probably gonna be way too heavy for him to
even hold, so…
Magnus: Y'know what, Jess? Thanks so much. We‘ll see you later.
Merle: 
Jess: It was super nice to meet you guys, though.
Magnus: You can piss right off.
Taako: Jess, could I ask you one favor?
Jess: Yeah, hit me.
Taako: When you tell people the story of what happened, and they ask if I
said anything cool when Jenkins got knocked off the train, can you tell them
I smiled and said, ―Ha. No ticket? 
Merle: Ohh, that‘s good!
Taako: That‘s good, right? Tell them I said that when you tell the story,
okay?
Jess: Yeah. And this technically came out before Indiana Jones, in like, the
timeline of this fantasy history.
Taako: So I guess I made that up.
Jess: Yeah.
Taako: I invented that. Tell them I invented that. If you go past like a
trademark place… 
Jess: Just have them trademark your dope catchphrase?
Taako: Trademark that catchphrase, yeah.
Magnus: Are we in—is Neverwinter in a world that exists, like, thousands of
years before Indiana Jones? Like, are we—are we in the past? Are there
dinosaurs?
Griffin: It‘s up to you, man.
Merle: Or are we in the future?
Griffin: Uh yeah, Jess takes off, and uh, Graham walks up to you guys and
says, uh…
Graham: I've gotta go write a report! This is gonna be how I get my job for
the Rockport Express! I'm gonna tell them everything that happened, and
uh… yeah! I think this might be a way to get my foot in the door!
Merle: One suggestion, Graham – don‘t bring up the whole 'destroying an
entire train‘ part.
Taako: Right, you may want to edit the story.
Merle: Yeah, you don‘t want to include that in your dissertation.
Graham: I'll leave that part out. I'll say that you guys, using your wits…
you guys are so great. Managed to slow the train down, and there—well, no,
they're probably gonna see past that, because there‘s no train. Like, there‘s
just no train anymore.
Taako: Yeah…
Graham: There used to be a—where there once was a train, there is now
no train, is what I'm saying.
Taako: Right, exactly.
Graham: Anyways, super cool to meet you guys. Can I get like your uh,
your contact information? 'Cause I'd love to—
Travis: I hug Graham and whisper in his ear…
Magnus: Let us be as two ships passing.
Graham: I guess you're right. I guess the best friendships that you make in
this world are the ones that just come to an end. Just come to an abrupt—
Magnus: We‘ll always remember you 'til three episodes from now when we
can't remember anything but Juicy Wizard.
Graham: That‘s fine. That‘s my name.
Merle: And we‘ll always have Letterman‘s Gap.
Graham: Do you guys know, by the way, the story of why my robes say
'juicy‘ on the butt?
Magnus: Okay, time to go. Bye.
Graham: It was a great story, but I guess you'll never know.
Magnus: Tell it to the bees.
Griffin: What? Tell it to the bees?
Magnus: Tell it to the bees.
Graham: Okay, I'm gonna go find some bees. Later, guys!
Taako: Hey, check me on LinkedIn! I'll endorse you for train stuff if you endorse me for magic stuff!
Alright, bye!
Graham: That sounds very equitable! Bye!
Griffin: And he walks off into the crowd. Uh, and Angus walks away from
the uh, the militia who have started to disperse off the platform, and he
walks up to you and says, uh…
Angus: I gotta say, you guys. I'm really proud of you! I—this was one of
the toughest mysteries that I've ever solved by myself, and—
Magnus: Well, wait, hold on. I would say we solved this one together.
Angus: Of course, yeah. No, it was a joint effort, like—
Merle: Weeell, I'd say we solved it alone, without you.
Angus: Well, that seems mean. I'm trying to like, do a heartfelt goodbye
speech.
Merle: But this is the moment—this is the moment when they carry
Jenkins‘ body by on a gurney, and he pops up from under a sheet? Is that—
Griffin: And then fucking Reginald Veljohnson shoots him?
Justin: And then Reginald Veljohnson‘s like, ―No ticket. And we‘re like—
Clint: That‘s his!
Justin: First off, that‘s a trademark violation. Second, it doesn‘t even make
any sense. 
Travis: But it is nice to know that Reginald Veljohnson has learned to kill
again.
Griffin: Right.
Justin: And it‘s nice that he‘s a fan of the show, apparently.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh, Angus looks at you and goes…
Angus: I shot a kid!
Griffin: That‘s the best—that‘s the best line reading of anything in the
world. I know we‘re going completely off the rails right now, but… ―I shot a 
kid! is the best any line has ever been delivered in the world. Uh, Angus
does—
Travis: His name was Urkle! That dude. 
Griffin: Angus says, uh…
Angus: I want you guys to have something, 'cause I was gonna take it
back to the station, because it shouldn‘t fall into unsafe hands, but… you
guys seem like you'll be able to take care of it, and maybe you'll get a lot of
use out of it.
Griffin: And he uh, pulls out the rusted compass out of his pocket, and
uh—
Clint: I take it!
Griffin: Okay, and he hands it to Merle. And Merle, you pop it open, and it
seems to be pointing toward Taako‘s bag, which is weird, but you don‘t—
Merle: Oh, okay.
Taako: No, I have the monocle in there.
Griffin: Oh.
Magnus: Ohh.
Travis: Quick OOC moment – um, how good was the OC? We‘re walking
away from this with the monocle, the compass, and the port wine, right?
Port wine. The port wand.
Griffin: Yes. 
Clint: Aha.
Travis: Oh shit, we forgot to get Pringles for our roommate!
Griffin: Yeah, no—
Clint: Well, we haven‘t left yet.
Travis: Is there like a news stand on the train station or something where I
could pick up, like, that and maybe like, some Sour Patch Kids?
Griffin: Angus says…
Angus: And I have one other gift from you.
Griffin: And he retrieves… it‘s a miniature—it‘s like, one of those snack size
canisters. And it‘s sour cream and onion, which is not the best kind of
Pringle.
Clint: No.
Griffin: But he says…
Angus: They're yours if you want them. I was gonna have them as a train
time snack, but I forgot to eat them in the train times.
Taako: And I have something for you. I managed to get one piece of the
treasure out of the crypt, and it‘s…
Angus: You got my grandpa‘s silverware? You got the whole set?
Taako: Uh, well, sadly, I was only able to preserve a few pieces of it, but
something‘s better than nothing, I guess.
Justin: And I hand him three forks.
Angus: Thanks. I was really—I was really—you got me really excited that
your rescued the whole set, 'cause I think—honestly, I think if I just showed
these three forks to my grandpa, he‘s just gonna get angry.
Taako: Listen, kid, I'm not a magic worker, okay?
Magnus: Wait…
Taako: Well, I am, but… Technically speaking, I am, in fact, a magic worker. But uh, I'm
lazy.
Griffin: He says—
Magnus: Hey, I'm still dying.
Griffin: Uh, yeah, that‘s true. He says…
Angus: If you guys ever run into any mysteries that you can't solve, just
drop me a line, and uh, I'll be there in a flash!
Griffin: And he hands you a card that just says Angus McDonald on it. But
there‘s no phone number or anything, 'cause phones don‘t exist, so it‘s not
the best business card. But he gives it to you anyway.
Travis: We‘ll use the port wand to find him.
Justin: Does it have his LinkedIn address? I can find him on LinkedIn. Just
do that.
Griffin: Yeah. Uh, okay.
Travis: Chain—ChainLinkedIn.
Griffin: Oh, I get it.
Clint: That was good! Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Thank you.
Griffin: Uh, so, yeah. You stop by the Neverwinter clinic, I'm guessing, to
keep your…
Travis: To get the bumps on our genitals checked out.
Griffin: This guy‘s almost dead, and you guys all have syphilis. What
happened? How could this be? And uh, yeah, you have… that‘s all of the
content that I've created. So what do you want to do now? Let‘s just fuckin‘
freestyle it.
Justin: Well, we got 15 minutes. I actually had a suggestion that I wanted
to suggest to you guys before we get too much further.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I think it would be worth… we have 15 minutes. I think it would be
really a good use of our time to develop some character voices. Because I
think that this nonsense of saying, ―I'm saying this character, I'm not saying
in character, I think it‘s getting confusing. For me, it‘s very easy to tell,
'cause I have the distinguishing factor.
Travis: Do you think—okay, what about this for Magnus?
Griffin: But a few requests. Don‘t make them so terrible and unlistenable.
No Scottish acc—no Spanish accents, no Scottish accents…
Travis: This is my suggestion for Magnus. If Magnus talked like this.
Griffin: Just tweak it.
Justin: Alright, Dad and I will listen, and just kind of like, see what we got.
See how it grabs us.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: Let‘s rush into adventure!
Griffin: See, I like that.
Travis: Yeah?
Griffin: It‘s simple, it‘s gruff, it‘s just a slightly modified—
Travis: I think that what we should do…
Griffin: Well, you're getting—
Clint: Now you're going all Sean Connery.
Travis: No, what we should—here‘s what we should do.
Justin: Kind of Sean Connery.
Griffin: Yes.
Travis: This is—okay, I'm just gonna stick with this. This is Magnus‘
voice.
Justin: Gruff. Gruff.
Griffin: See, it‘s fucking hard, isn‘t it? Doing one voice. Try doing eight, and
they're all on the same train.
Clint: Yeah, I've done it for 40 years, so go ahead.
Justin: Buuurn.
Griffin: Well, this is—next time, you can DM, and all the NPCs will be Ducky
Crabtree or something.
Travis: Dad, I think that Merle should sound like Ducky Crabtree. Could
you do a little Ducky for us now?
Griffin: Ducky Crabtree is our dad‘s famous radio personality that he
created.
Justin: One of many. Don‘t forget like, Spud Rimshot.
Griffin: Spud Rimshot. Yeah. But for me, I'm a Ducky Crabtree man at
heart.
Justin: Well, okay. Everybody‘s got their own…
Clint: Gosh, really? Ducky as the uh… well, okay.
Travis: Do it. Do it, coward.
Clint: Um… alright, I will.
Griffin: How long has it been since we've dusted off ol‘ Ducky? Pulled him
off a shelf?
Clint: It‘s been a long time. About two and a half years, I guess.
Travis: Alright, let‘s hear him.
Clint: Okay. What do you mean I
can't cast sanctuary?! What do you mean I'm out of spell slots?!
Travis: Pretty good.
Clint: I think that might be a little bit distracting.
Griffin: That‘s pretty good, because it‘s also things that you would do,
which is try to cast spells when you can't.
Clint: Well, that was the… that was my ironic joke, there.
Griffin: It was good! Uh, I don‘t—let‘s keep workshopping Merle.
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: Because that‘s gonna be—that‘s gonna be rough to listen to a lot
of.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: Ducky Crabtree is good in short bursts.
Clint: Now, are we set on Magnus, on that kind of deep and gruff?
Travis: Is that because that‘s what you wanted for Merle?
Clint: Well, I was thinking, if Merle were short…
Justin: Well why don‘t you lean into sort of like, your Pan roots, y'know
what I mean? Like, some of your more nature…
Griffin: I gotta say, you just destroyed a beautiful garden, and that seems
like a non-crunchy thing to do.
Clint: Oh, it hurt. It hurt.
Justin: Maybe something in that crunchy range. Is there something in that
sort of like, granola hippie place that you could go?
Clint: Let‘s see…
Travis: You know what I'm picturing? I'm picturing if Danny Devito, were
like, a devout crunchy dude.
Justin: What is that from?
Griffin: And he might be.
Justin: He may be. I don't know him that well, personally.
Clint: Devout crunchy. So…
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Clint: So maybe if it was a little more natural?
Maybe a little husky?
Griffin: Less Gary—I want you to take the Gary Sinise knob, and I want
you to turn it to fucking zero.
Travis: But that‘s close. I like that direction.
Justin: Yeah, I like the direction too.
Clint: Alright, so a little raspy. Maybe raspy? That would hurt. I
don't know if I could—okay. Um… yeah, maybe that would work. That goes
away from Magnus.
Griffin: There we go. There we go, there we go.
Justin: Yeah!
Travis: I really think that‘s it.
Clint: It‘s almost a Clint Eastwood feel.
Justin: Yeah, like and a feat. Sam Elliott.
Clint: Oh. Okay, maybe even a little lower. Where you goin‘
with that? Or do you want it up a little higher?
Travis: Well, don‘t get too gruff, or you're getting into Magnus territory.
Griffin: Yeah, and you're getting into a weirdly sexual territory.
Clint: So let‘s go with raspy, and high.
Justin: Yeah!
Clint: And kind of an earthy, uh… yeah!
Justin: Kind of a Bob Ross vibe.
Travis: I want you to say, ―Have you heard the good news about Pan? 
Clint: Have you heard the good news about Pan today?
Justin: Yeah, I like that!
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Yeah, I think you got it.
Clint: Let me open up this uh, Teen Extreme Bible, and read a few
passages.
Travis: What I like is that you've got a good combination of like, crunchy
granola, and also kind of creepy youth minister.
Justin: You guys want to see some really realistic unicorn
paintings?
Clint: Hey, that almost sounds like a late FM disk jockey, too.
Justin: Check out the side of my van.
Clint: Alright, we got Peter Cetera now, comin‘ up. 
Griffin: Definitely, definitely— Nobody likes Bit-O-Honey. Uh, are
you—so, anybody want to go back to the moon?
Travis: Oh yeah! Let‘s activate our bracers!
Clint: What‘s the response time on calling the crystal balls?
Griffin: Uh, depends on how—
Travis: About ten minutes.
Griffin: Depends on how far away you are from the headquarters.
Clint: Alright. It really doesn‘t make any sense for us to go shopping in
town, 'cause there‘s nothing we‘re not gonna be able to find.
Griffin: Oh baby, Fantasy Costco‘s got everything!
Clint: Yeah.
Travis: And in bulk.
Clint: Mmm.
Taako: Let‘s—listen. I think the most important thing we can do is get
these Pringles back to our roommate. Pringles? Was that his name? I don‘t
remember—
Magnus: Apl.de.ap.
Merle: Actually, don‘t you think we ought to heal up poor Magnus first?
Magnus: No, we went to the clinic.
Taako: We went to the clinic, remember?
Merle: Oh yeah!
Taako: We had sexually transmitted diseases.
Merle: Oh, I thought that was that kind of clinic.
Magnus: It was both!
Taako: No, no. It‘s all kinds.
Griffin: Unfortunately, you owe the clinic 15 thousand gold pieces.
Magnus: Time to go!
Merle: Good luck collecting that, suckers!
Griffin: Uh, okay. Uh, you're gonna have to find a safe spot. I'm guessing
maybe you want to head out of town so that nobody sees your uh…
Clint: Balls?
Griffin: Your balls.
Travis: Yeah, we do that. That thing you just said.
Griffin: Uh, alright. Yeah, you are able to summon a ball from the
southeast, over the mountains. You see one of these crystal spheres shoot
down, and is rocketing towards you in the plains, just outside of the
Neverwinter city limits. It slows down very slightly before it hits the
ground—
Travis: Oh, I forgot to ask. What band is on this episode of Neverwinter
City Limits?
Griffin: That‘s pretty good.
Travis: Thank you.
Griffin: It‘s, uh… it‘s the… it‘s uhh… what‘s a funny band?
Clint: Bananarama?
Griffin: It‘s Morris Day and the Time. So you may not want to leave. You
may want to catch The Time. Uh, yeah, this sphere collides with the ground,
leaves a little skid mark on entry, and uh, the door pops open.
Travis: We get in.
Merle: Let‘s get in!
Griffin: Okay. You are uh, floating back toward the moon, back over the
mountains. You can see the teeth below you. You see the Letterman‘s Basin
below you. It‘s another beautiful scene. You're floating up. It‘s mid-day as
you're moving up, up, up, up over the clouds. And as you penetrate the
cloud layer, uh—
Clint: The credits start to roll.
Griffin: The credits start to roll. A soft accordion music is playing.
Clint: Que Seraaa, Seraaa…
Griffin: And you see the moon above you getting closer, much closer, and
then a small hole opens up in it, and then you fly up into the moon. And uh,
are received in the uh, the launch room by… oh fuck, what‘s his name? Avi.
You are received by Avi, who says, uh…
Avi: Hey, guys. How‘d it go?
Travis: Well, hold on. Avi‘s great and all, but we did just collect another
article. I thought maybe we‘d get some kind of hero‘s welcome, like, end of
like, uh… what is it? End of New Hope.
Griffin: Uh, nope. Nothing like that.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: Griffin, I want to know something. Do you have a wall, like the
homicide detectives, y'know, with it‘s just covered with pictures of all these
people like Avi and…
Griffin: And Johann, and…
Clint: How do you keep it straight?
Griffin: Uh, all in my dome piece, brother. I got a murder wall in my brain.
Justin: That‘s… that‘s weird.
Taako: Avi, listen. We need to get to the administrator as soon as possible.
Avi: Did you recover—did you recover a Relic?
Taako: Uh, yeah, for sure.
Magnus: Yeah.
Avi: You guys are unstoppable! You guys are fuckin‘ legends!
Taako: We‘re like a runaway train, never comin‘ back.
Merle: Whoaaa!
Avi: Oh, I get it!
Justin: And then I jump, and then we all three jump in the air and fuckin‘
freeze frame.
Travis: For six minutes.
Justin: Says Miller-Boyett Productions. End of the episode.
Clint: Sit, Ubu, sit.
Justin: Good dog.
Griffin: Uh, the entire Quantum Leap theme plays, and you unfreeze, and
uh, Avi leads you back to the director‘s chamber, and she says, uh…
Director: I can't believe you've done it again. I can't believe you've done
this.
Griffin: Uh, and uh, wheels out another one of those heavy, lead balls, led
by a heavily armed guard, who wheels it up to you on a tray and pops the
uh, pops a hole open in the lead ball. Points towards it and says, uh…
Guard: Put it right in there, brother!
Clint: Where‘s Davenport?
Justin: I have a question. If I um, if I've already resisted the thrall of it, am
I cool to—
Griffin: Yeah, you're cool.
Justin: Okay. I take out the monocle and I put it in the ball.
Griffin: Okay. As he shuts the, uh, the window pane door of this lead ball,
you hear a voice from inside go…
Voice: Aww, come on, maaan. Aww, come ooon. Oh, come on.
Come on, maaan. Aww, man. Maaan.
Griffin: Uh, and uh, the guard wheels the lead ball out of the room.
Magnus: Man, we didn‘t even get to play with the monocle.
Clint: And we don‘t even know what it does!
Griffin: Uhh, and uh, wheels it into the Cerebro chamber, and the director
pulls the curtain, so you can see into the chamber. Same things happens.
The lead ball floats up, columns of light shoot through it, uhh, and then the
ball descends. The guard comes into the chamber, wheels the ball out back
into the room and opens it up, and it is empty.
Merle: It‘s beautifu—what?
Griffin: Uh, and the director says, uh…
Director: You have just destroyed another incredibly powerful Relic. That
Relic was imbued with impossible illusion magic. It‘s called The Oculus… Rift.
No. It‘s just called The Oculus, and it is able to turn anything you
create with illusion magic into something real; into something tangible.
Magnus: But that sounds great!
Director: It‘s very great, unless you use it to conjure an illusory army, or
some sort of illusory dragon, or an illusory black hole—
Taako: Sounds very great. Okay, very great.
Director: —that then destroys the world.
Merle: Not seeing a downside.
Magnus: But we could‘ve used that for so much good!
Director: You cannot use the Grand Relics for good. Their power
overwhelms, and inevitably leads only to evil.
Travis: Uh, Griffin, in case you were wondering, this is the scene at which
we start to plant the seed of like, ―Oh, 20 episodes from now when Magnus
like, splinters off, and is like, ―We can use these for good! This is the
beginning of it.
Griffin: Oh, I see, I see, I see.
Clint: Yeah, this is the endgame. We‘re setting the scene for the endgame.
Travis: Yeah. This all begins now.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: We could‘ve used it for good, the power, as long as it was wielded
responsibly!
Griffin: The director says, uh…
Director: You better keep that shit in check.
Director: 'Cause that sort of thinking will consume you, and tear you apart
from your friends and lead you to create a rival Bureau faction.
Magnus: You're probably right. This will probably never come up again.
Merle: Led by Dark Magnus.
Taako: Sorry, but… once Magnus gets started thinking about something,
it‘s hard to stop. He‘s like a runaway train, never coming back.
Merle: Oho! How much longer?
Director: I take it your adventure involved the train.
Magnus: Well, yeah. You knew that. You sent us down there to get on the
train. Come on.
Director: I just would‘ve thought that you would‘ve used your powers of
persuasion to get the Relic off the train before it even departed, but the…
the way you did it was certainly interesting.
Magnus: Well, that‘s what we‘re here for.
Taako: Ours had murther.
Director: Had what?
Taako: Murther. Most foul. The modern bee sting!
Magnus: We made some good friends, and we grew closer as a group
along the way. I would say it was very satisfying, as far as storytelling goes.
Director: Well, friendship, I would say, is the greatest reward that you can
receive in this life, or any other life.
Magnus: That said, it is important that when we erase this from everyone‘s
memories, uh, we also erase it from like, Angus and Graham. I don‘t want
those people calling us.
Director: Uh, that won't be necessary. We won't need to erase anyone‘s
memory on this job, because you didn‘t destroy a city this time.
Magnus: Yay! Is this our quarterly review?
Director: This is your quarterly review. Compared to last time, 100% year
over year improvement.
Magnus: Yaaay!
Director: Do y‘all want to get paid, or nah?
Merle: Yeah!
Magnus: Yeah!
Taako: Yeah!
Director: Davenport!
Griffin: And Davenport comes out.
Davenport: Davenport!
Griffin: And uh, walks up to you with a silver tray with three more fantasy
gachapon tokens on it, and a sack containing 2,100 gold pieces.
Taako: Woohoo!
Magnus: And how much is the stuff in Taako‘s bag worth?
Director: What, uh… sorry, what?
Magnus: The stuff clanking around as we walked around town?
Taako: That‘s my CPAP machine. Thanks for bringing it up, though. That‘s really nice. Wow, what scumbags you are, huh? Guy‘s got one fallibility, gotta
rub in his face.
Clint: And here‘s the bad thing – only one of actually uses a CPAP machine.
Why am I laughing?!
Taako: It‘s not funny. 
Griffin: It‘s pretty funny.
Clint: Then, in that case, no perception check. Let him keep it.
Justin: I don‘t mean to pick on you, Dad. Once we get started, it‘s hard to
stop. It‘s like a runaway train!
Clint: Haaa!
Justin: High five! Freeze frame!
Griffin: We‘re done. One more thing before we let you go – I just wanted to thank
Nature Box one more time. Nature Box is where you can order hundreds of
great tasting, healthy snacks. Go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, and you can
sign up for a free sampler box of great tasting, healthy snacks!
Next episode‘s up on June 18th. We will see you then.

[BAL17]

Griffin: Previously, on the Adventure Zone…
Justin: Um, Griffin, can you say something about how we solved your train
mystery?
Griffin: Oh, I mean, you actually did solve my murder puzzle.
Angus: You got my grandpa‘s silverware? You got the whole set?
Taako: Uh, well, sadly, I was only able to preserve a few pieces of it, but
something‘s better than nothing, I guess.
Justin: I take out the monocle and I put it in the ball.
Griffin: The lead ball floats up. Columns of light shoot through it, and it is
empty.
Director: You have just destroyed another incredibly powerful relic. It‘s
called the Oculus… Rift. No. It‘s just called the Oculus.
Magnus: And how much is the stuff in Taako‘s bag worth? The stuff
clanging around as we walked around town?
Taako: That‘s my CPAP machine. Thanks for bringing it up, though. That‘s really nice.
Travis: 
Taako: Wow, what scumbags you are, huh?
Announcer: I'm all jacked up on corn dogs and Dippin‘ Dots! We‘re going
to the carnival this week in… The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: The three of you are on the moon base, and you are taking part in
a festival that uh, the Director has thrown—
Travis: Yaaay! Yay!
Griffin: —that has thrown in honor of the Midsummer Solstice, which is an
annual holiday held once a year, during the height of summer, as you might
imagine, based on the name of the event. Uh, and the highlight of the
Midsummer Solstice, and—who‘s just rolling dice? Who‘s just… who‘s doing
secret checks that I don't know about?
Travis: Surprisingly, not me.
Justin: I'm checking—I'm checking to see—I'm introducing a new feature
on the podcast where I check to see if I interrupt you or not.
Griffin: Okay. Well, you have.
Justin: I have to keep doing it. 
Clint: Hit!
Travis: Hit!
Griffin: Congratulations. Critical interrupt.
Justin: Critical interruption.
Griffin: Uh, so the Midsummer Solstice is an event that is held every year,
um, and the highlight of the Midsummer Solstice is this eclipse that occurs
every year at high noon. It is a bizarre astrological event. And the world‘s
different religions append a spiritual importance to the eclipse, and to the
Midsummer Solstice, which has made it sort of a pan-religious holiday.
Travis: Griffin, can I interrupt you real quick?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: What are beer prices like at this festival? Is it reasonable, or is it
the kind of thing where we‘re only gonna have one, and then everything
seems overpriced?
Griffin: Well, that‘s how they get you. It‘s 25 gold, and you get like, a roll
of tickets, and you trade those tickets in for beers, and so, like… by the time
you've realized how much you've spent, you're drunk.
Travis: Yeahhh, okay. And it is like a truck scenario, or like a food truck, or
is it like, stands? Are there games?
Griffin: Uh, there‘s a big—there‘s a big food tent.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: There‘s a big tent that is full of food and food vendors. Um, uh,
there‘s a row, an alley of carnival games. There‘s fried foods. Uh, in the
middle of the sort of yard, in the middle of Bureau of Balance campus is a
sort of uh, roped off dance floor. Johann is playing some tunes on his fiddle.
Travis: He‘s playing The Devil Went Down to Georgia.
Griffin: Yeah, and songs of that ilk. Just sort of gettin‘ things going. So,
one thing that is important about the Midsummer Solstice, uh, is, in order to
celebrate sort of the upcoming harvest and chase off the bad spirits that
can, uh, that might taint the crops, people typically wear costumes during
this holiday. And so, everyone, all of the Bureau of Balance employees… this
is basically like an office party, are all decked out in their favorite costumes,
and—
Travis: I'm dressed like Taako.
Griffin: Okay. So I was going to ask what you guys are wearing. You're
dressed like Taako. That‘s kind of a—
Travis: I'm wearing a Taako costume.
Griffin: That‘s kind of a deep cut.
Travis: Yeah, no one‘s getting it. I'm doing a lot of this, like—
Magnus: I'm Taako! Get—ugh. Uuugh!
Travis: Or I guess I should do it in my voice.
Justin: Tacos haven‘t been invented in this reality, so there‘s no way that
could happen.
Clint: I think he means you.
Travis: I'm dressed as you.
Justin: He said—he said—oh, as me. Oh, okay.
Travis: I'm dressed as T-A-A-K-O.
Griffin: Okay. Did you just steal his clothes while he was sleeping?
Travis: Yeah, mostly. They don‘t fit very well. He‘s a very slight man.
Griffin: Yeah, and you're big and beefy and sinewy and muscly. Uh, Taako
and Merle, what are you guys wearing?
Clint: Uh, I want to be Ursula from Little Mermaid.
Griffin: 
Clint: So I'm gonna make that dream come true.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: I got the tentacles on my feet, and I—
Justin: Paper mache.
Clint: I got paper mache breasts, and um, the wild and crazy hair, and…
Travis: And you got coat hangers sticking off of your shoulders with like,
paper mache Flotsam and Jetsam. Like, you got your little eels with you.
Justin: This is—this is going beyond a costume. This is cosplay at this
point.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Hey, I got nothin‘ against cosplayers. I'm proud to be a cosplayer.
Travis: And you're—oh, and you're getting the hairy eyeball from the
octopus in the tank that fed us his dark poopy or whatever it was.
Clint: Aw. I thought it was a jellyfish!
Travis: Whatever.
Griffin: It was a jellyfish. It wasn‘t an octopus. Know your cephalopods. Are
they cephalo—no. They're probably not. I just… I said a big word. Uh, Taako,
what are you—what are you, uh… what are you decked out in?
Justin: Uh, I'm dressed as Judge Lance Ito.
Griffin: Okay. 
Travis: You've worn that same costume for the last 25 years!
Justin: It‘s the only costume I own.
Griffin: Perhaps—perhaps High Paladin Lance Ito.
Justin: High—yeah. That‘s better.
Travis: Hero of the realm.
Justin: Hero… Hero of the realm, breakout '90s personality, Judge Lance
Ito. Um, true story – I actually did, at a Halloween party three years ago…
Griffin: Oh my god.
Justin: … see someone dressed as Judge Lance Ito, and I'm still laughing
about it to this day, as evidenced by my, uh, dressing as Judge Lance Ito for
this very special occasion.
Clint: That‘s your tribute to that person.
Justin: That‘s my tribute to that person, and not Judge Lance Ito, who I
have beef with.
Clint: Well that makes it cool.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Um, so, this atmosphere‘s got kind of a sort of a, uh, state fair feel
to it.
Travis: Are people entering their prized livestock into things?
Griffin: No, there‘s no animals on the moon.
Clint: Some pig!
Griffin: Quit trying to trick me.
Travis: Ugh. I was—my next question was about puppies.
Griffin: Right. Sure. No, not there. Um, uh… yeah, people are gettin‘ a little
bit tipsy. Robbie is mixin‘ up some drinks. He‘s got a—there‘s an open bar,
which is very exciting.
Travis: Open bar?! Later!
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, I was going to ask, what do you guys want to do? We
have a little bit of time to kill before, uh, events of importance start
happening.
Travis: I'd like to eat some friend centaur on a stick.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: And have a couple brews! Let me roll… oh, only a three. Not very
drunk.
Taako: Roll to see if I get drunk!
Griffin: Uh, so you have wandered into the food tent, and uh, your eye is
drawn to this one booth in particular, where there is this giant vat of
bubbling, golden oil, over a large, powerful flame. Uh, and a dwarven
woman wearing wizard‘s garb over it, and she says…
Dwarf: Hello, hello! Step forward! Step forward!
Magnus: Hello.
Dwarf: What would you—what would you like? I'm Petrilda, and I am the
fried conjurer! Name any foodstuff you can imagine, and I will conjure it and
fry it up for you so right!
Merle: Mmm.
Magnus: Anything?
Petrilda: Anything your heart desires, I can put it in your mouth! I'll fry it
first, though!
Magnus: I'd like some fried unicorn, please.
Petrilda: Fried unicorn…
Griffin: She looks around.
Magnus: Just the horn! Just the horn. That‘s the best part. The horn and
the dick. I want a fried unicorn dick.
Petrilda: Oh, the unicorn double barrel special! I see!
Griffin: She looks around and uh, surveys, and she leans forward and
whispers in your ear…
Petrilda: Now, you're not gonna tell anyone about this, right? 'Cause this
is—
Magnus: No, we‘ll keep this dick just between us.
Petrilda: Super duper duper illegal. Okay.
Griffin: And she uh, holds two hands in the air, and in one, a beautiful
spiral ivory white unicorn horn appears, and in the other, a unicorn penis
appears, and she dunks them both in the vat of golden oil.
Travis: With her bare hands?
Griffin: Yeah. And—well, no, she doesn‘t like, hold her hands in there. She
just sort of throws them in there.
Travis: Oh, okay.
Griffin: And some oil splashes up. She doesn‘t seem to mind. She doesn‘t
give a fuck. Uh, and she pulls out two cylindrical, uh, fried things with a little
wire basked.
Clint: I hope you kept—I hope you kept track of which was which.
Travis: I'm gonna eat 'em both! It doesn‘t matter!
Griffin: Hands them to you on a Styrofoam plate and says, uh…
Petrilda: Eat up! Mind the shards!
Magnus: Ohh. Can I get a little powdered sugar?
Taako: Do you, uh—
Petrilda: Oh, of course.
Taako: I'm not in the mood for meat. Do you ever fry anything that‘s like,
breadier? Something non-meaty?
Petrilda: Like what, dear? You have to be more specific!
Taako: Well, what bread do you have available?
Petrilda: I have… sourdough, and—
Taako: No.
Petrilda: Pumpernickel.
Taako: Ew, no.
Petrilda: I have…
Taako: Anything ethnic?
Petrilda: Yes, I can—I have some naan. Some naan bread I can—I can toss
in there.
Taako: Ah, no, never mind.
Griffin: Is that what you're—are you trying to trick me into a tortilla trap?
Taako: It‘s not a trick, it‘s narrative development. Trying to organically push the only story in this show that matters
forward.
Justin: Does Travi—does Magnus look like he has like, bonuses or anything
now? Does he look, like, bonus-y?
Griffin: Uh, does—
Justin: Perception check to see if Magnus looks like he has bonuses.
Griffin: From eating a unicorn…
Justin: From eating a unicorn dick. 
Griffin: A double barrel unicorn blast?
Clint: 
Justin: That‘s a bylane to flavor country, right there.
Griffin: They're both difficult to eat, but in different ways.
Justin: Equally upsetting ways.
Clint: One‘s mental.
Griffin: One is mental, and one is more physically difficult. Um, but no,
you—
Clint: Is the dick spiral, too?
Griffin: Uh, Dad… can you—can you please—
Justin: Wait, wait, wait…
Clint: How come everybody else can say it but me?!
Griffin: 'Cause you're my dad! You birthed me!
Justin: I always assumed that the horn was its dick. Is that just
me?
Griffin: No. You—but you gain no bonuses. You just—you are filled. It
tastes great.
Justin: Are there any games?
Magnus: 
Griffin: Yeah, you walk over to the uh, the mini-game alley, and they all
look like rip offs. There‘s the ol‘ toss the little ring around the bottle.
Nobody‘s ever won that. There‘s that one where you have to like, push a
bowling ball along the rails, and get it to stop, like—
Travis: Oh, I just won it. I rolled—I rolled a 14. I have a plus six against
bottles.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, but no. Actually, you thought you won it, but the ring,
uh, skips off the top of one of the bottles. No such luck. No dice. Um, there
is a—one particularly enticing vendor who‘s—who uh, yells out…
Vendor: Come knock over these cans! Come knock over my cans! I betcha
can't knock over these cans!
Merle: I'll do it. I'll knock over your cans.
Vendor: I betcha can't knock over these cans! I've got 'em stacked up in a
special way! My master trained for years to stack the cans in these ways,
and he taught me how to stack these cans! You'll never knock them over!
It‘s five thousand gold pieces to try and knock over these cans! But the prize is well worth it, I guarantee it! Five thousand gold
pieces, sir? Try a hand? Try a hand?
Merle: Do I have five thousand gold pieces?
Magnus: No, I don‘t think we have five thousand gold pieces.
Vendor: I'll tell you what, sir. I'll let you take this stab for free, and you'll
just owe me if you fail! What do you say? What do you say?
Taako: What are the rules?
Vendor: Knock over the cans!
Merle: How many cans are there?
Vendor: There‘s a handful of cans! Six or seven, I'd say!
Merle: How about if I take one practice throw for free?
Vendor: I'll give you a practice throw for free!
Merle: Okay, I'll try it.
Griffin: Okay. He hands you a small, uh, solidly constructed ball. It would
be like about a softball, if softball existed in this beautiful fantasy world I
have developed for you three.
Clint: Does it?
Griffin: No, no, no.
Justin: So about the size of a roc‘s egg.
Griffin: Yeah. About the size of a—
Clint: A good in-story thing.
Travis: Of an ogre‘s eyeball!
Griffin: He hands it to you.
Clint: Alright. I'll wind up. And I'm going to throw it underhanded…
Griffin: Ohh, I see.
Clint: To get more of an arc.
Travis: Don‘t you have magic spells and shit? You don‘t have to do trick
pitches.
Griffin: You chuck it. Make a ranged attack throw on these cans. Just roll a
d20, and we‘ll say, uh, I‘ll give you a plus— well, just add your dexterity
modifier to it, I guess.
Clint: Zero! I‘m even on dexterity, so it‘s a 12.
Griffin: Okay. You—you knock off the top three cans from the stack.
Vendor: Ohh, so close! Damn! That‘ll be five thousand gold pieces, please!
Magnus: No, that was a practice throw.
Merle: That was a practice throw.
Vendor: I don‘t remember anything about a practice throw!
Merle: I have two burly witnesses here that remember that.
Justin: Alright—
Vendor: Easy, tiger! Easy, tiger!
Justin: Listen, you dipshits. You're gonna start talking in your character
voices if I have to drag you into it.
Merle: Okay. Alright, how about double or nothin‘?
Justin: I know it‘s hard to get used to, but once you're there, two people
will live inside you. Trust me. It‘s like having—it‘s like Herman‘s Head up in here.
Clint: Come into me, Merle…
Justin: Exactly! Let his spirit in.
Clint: Come into me, Merle.
Travis: I don‘t like any of this!
Vendor: Double or nothing sounds good!
Merle: Double or nothing.
Vendor: I'd love to make ten thousand gold pieces today!
Merle: Alright, I'm ready. This time, I'm throwin‘ overhand.
Vendor: Sounds good! That‘s a very... very popular throwing direction!
Clint: 20! I rolled a 20!
Vendor: I'll need confirmation from the other person in the room on that
roll!
Justin: He did, in fact, roll a 20.
Vendor: Okay!
Griffin: Uh, you knock over all but one of the cans.
Clint: Wait a minute!!
Justin: Son of a bitch.
Vendor: Ohh, dang!
Justin: Okay, after I notice that uh, all but one are knocked off, I cast
mage hand and send the other one flying.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you—what are you doing? You just punching it? You
doing a little mage hand punch?
Justin: Yeah, just like—yeah, punched it.
Clint: Bink.
Griffin: Okay. He does that, and uh, an alarm goes off inside his booth.
Vendor: Uh oh! Magic alert, magic alert! We got a couple cheaters here!
Let me see your hands! Hold out your hands!
Taako: No, I mean, it was me. I asked for rules, and you said that 'knock
over the cans,‘ so I was following the rules.
Vendor: Well, I think it was implied that you had to use the ball, sir!
Merle: Implied schlimide!
Griffin: He pulls out a big rubber stamp that says 'cheater‘ on it.
Vendor: Let me see your hands! No more carnival games for you!
Taako: Listen, it‘s not the worst thing that‘s been stamped on my hand this
week. Let me tell you. 
Griffin: Uh, you three have been banned from the rest of the carnival
games.
Travis: No. I won't allow this. I want to roll back time. Can I do that?
Griffin: Yeah, sure.
Travis: Oh, that‘s a ten. That‘s probably not gonna do it, is it?
Griffin: Okay.
Vendor: 20—now you owe me 20 thousand! Your whole adventuring party,
20 thousand gold pieces!
Travis: I'm gonna knock him unconscious. Is that like, just an unarmed
attack?
Clint: Is that against the rules?
Justin: That‘ll be a whole Bureau investigation, and they‘ll have to get
internal affairs…
Vendor: Let‘s set up an installment plan!
Merle: Alright. I'll pay you one gold piece a year for 20 thousand years.
Vendor: Sounds good to me!
Merle: Alright.
Travis: Well, that was resolved easily.
Griffin: Uh, the three of you wander back into sort of the main, uh, part of
the festival.
Merle: Let‘s dance! Let‘s dance!!
Griffin: Listening to Johann‘s tunes. People have started to get, like, drunk.
So like, it‘s—
Justin: Nice.
Griffin: It‘s one of those office parties, where like, maybe things are getting
a little bit uncomfortable. Johann is also playing music a little bit—just a little
bit too sad. Just a little bit too slow for people to really groove to. Um, so,
it‘s uh… it maybe isn‘t the most comfortable dance floor environment.
Clint: Oh.
Travis: I wanted to get my face painted.
Griffin: Okay. Travis, Merle gets his—Magnus gets his face painted. And
what—what do you want? A Spider Man?
Magnus: I want to look like a kitty.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Is there a petting zoo?
Griffin: No, there‘s no animals on the moon. Again. Cannot stress this
enough.
Justin: I got a question that I—Taako asks to no one in particular.
Taako: Is there some adventure here, or like, are we just hanging?
Griffin: Listen, I don‘t understand why it always has to be like, killing
goblin—or, gerblins, or like, stopping, y'know, evil wizards. That‘s not life. If
that was your every day, it would get super boring. Sometimes you just
have to celebrate, uh… sometimes you just have to take part in a festival!
Sometimes you have to eat fried foods and hang out with friends!
Justin: Sounds like somebody said, ―I don't know, you guys come up with
something. You're at a carnival. It‘s not—you're not giving us a D&D
picture! You're giving us improv comedy prompts! ―Okay, uh, you're at a
dentist‘s office, and the dentist is—oh, he comes in, he‘s a bear! What are
you gonna do now? Say yes. Uh, the Director, uh… you hear her voice amplified over the yard.
Uh, and she says…
Director: Uh, attention everyone. The eclipse is about to take place, if you
would like to join us in the yard, and join us for the viewing of the eclipse. It
should be here in just a minute or so.
Griffin: Um, and you see the artificer, Leon, walking around, handing out
these glasses to everyone, and he hands each of you a pair. They're just
sort of very simple, black glasses. Sunglasses, one might call them. Uh, so
you can view the, uh, view the eclipse without injuring your precious eyeball
cones.
Travis: I wear them, but only to look cool.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Taako puts them on.
Griffin: Yeah. They're gonna look cool, I guarantee it. Just as the sky
begins to darken, and the sun and the moon… the real moon. Not the moon
that you are on, the actual, main, real moon for this planet.
Travis: The real-ass moon.
Griffin: The real-ass moon. Um, just as these two heavenly bodies align in
the sky, you are blasted by this deafening shriek that, uh, immediately
incapacitates everyone around you. Everyone around you just sort of falls to
the ground, limp. Uh, and the sky has turned pitch black. All you see in
where the sun—
Travis: Did the sun and the moon run into each other?
Griffin: Uh, no. Uh, you see just the faintest outline of the sun, now, and a
great black circle in the sky where the eclipse has taken place. But you're
blasted by this supersonic noise. Uh, and I am going to need all of you to
make a constitution saving throw to see if you can sort of withstand this
sonic blast.
Travis: I rolled an 18—well, I rolled a 13, and my constitution modifier is
five.
Griffin: What?
Justin: 17 for me.
Travis: Yeah. As a fighter, you have plus two to strength saving throws and
constitution saving throws.
Griffin: Oh, okay, okay. Uh, and sorry, what was it, Juice? Yours?
Justin: 17.
Griffin: 17? And Merle?
Clint: I rolled a 20 plus two—ow! Plus two for constitution.
Griffin: Damn! Y‘all saved the shit out of that roll! Uh, the three of you—
Travis: Well, we don‘t listen very well. 
Griffin: That is a good point. Uh, the three of you stay standing,
and uh, remain… you retain your consciousness. And pretty much everybody
around you has fallen face down on the ground.
Magnus: Looting!!
Griffin: Well, you're a little bit too shaken to go around, uh, pillaging every
person around you. Because you have stayed conscious, you can distinguish
some sounds in this calamity. And it sounds almost like… 20 orchestras are
all playing, all at the same time around you.
It just sounds like this cacophonous, uh… yeah, it sounds like almost—you're
standing in the middle of a circle, and all around you are just these
orchestras that are just blasting you with music, and you hear these
thousands, if not millions, of whispers. But they're all happening at the same
time, and they're all so loud that you can't really make out, uh, any
particular word that they're saying. You just understand that there are these
whispers around you.
Travis: Now, this is our first eclipse festival.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Maybe this is normal. Maybe every year…
Griffin: Pretty cool holiday!
Travis: Yeah. Every year, it‘s like, ―And then we take, y'know, a 20 minute
nap while the whispers happen, and we go home and make love. 
Griffin: So, this is—yeah, what a—that‘s—yeah, that all made super good
sense. This is not your guys‘ first Midsummer Solstice. This is just your first
Midsummer Solstice moon party. Moon festival.
Travis: You ever been to Midsummer Solstice… on the moon?
Griffin: No, this is unorthodox, to say the least. And as the equinox reaches
its apex, uh… this event only lasts about—the eclipse only lasts about 30
seconds or so. And as it reaches its apex, and the light of the sun is
completely blotted out, uh, the three of you can see, in the sky, for just two
seconds, uh… just a brief moment. The sky is filled with thousands of bright,
white eyes, and they're all just burning intensely.
And then, as the sun and moon part from one another, they fade out just as
quickly as they appeared. And then, as the equinox passes, the music also
fades, and then, it‘s just back to normal. It‘s bright outside, and the three of
you are left standing. The Director is the first one to sit up and survey the
scene. You have survived this terrible, cacophonous event.
Clint: Magnus immediately assumes he got ahold of some bad unicorn dick.
Magnus: What was in that dick you sold me!?
Griffin: Guys, this is important! The unicorn dick is tainted!
Clint: Don‘t eat the unicorn dick!
Travis: Everybody stay calm! If someone tries to hand you some
bad dick, just say no! Say no to bad dick! I head over to the Director and say…
Magnus: What… was that? What in the world was that? Has that happened
before, or…
Director: No, that—
Magnus: Is that like, a thing?
Griffin: She‘s a little bit disoriented. She says—
Travis: I slap her.
Griffin: She slaps you back.
Director: Booyah.
Griffin: She says.
Travis: But now she‘s crystal clear.
Griffin: Uh, okay, yeah. She‘s not disoriented. She says, uh…
Director: No, that‘s, uh… that was the first time. I need you
all to debrief with me in my office. But first, let‘s wake everyone up and…
make sure that everyone‘s alright.
Travis: We walk around slapping everyone.
Griffin: Okay, you hand out healing slaps to every unconscious person in
the festival grounds.
Justin: I make the, um—I use prestidigitation to make the, uh, guy in the
sun costume from the Jimmy Dean commercials appear, 'cause he always
makes me feel pretty good. And I'm like…
Taako: Rise and shine!
Griffin: Uh, yeah. You prestidigitate—
Taako: Check out my dude!
Griffin: —this beloved commercial mascot, the sun from the Jimmy Dean
commercials. Merle, you just stand in the middle of a pile of people and just
start spinning, and your Ursula tentacles do the slapping for you.
Clint: Pap pap pap pap pap pap pap pap! Got it.
Griffin: You are a hurricane of slaps. Um, so, yeah. You guys spend the
rest of the afternoon sort of recuperating from this, uh, this calamity, and
you, uh, meet up with the Director in her office, and uh, she says…
Director: I… I was incapacitated by whatever happened out there. I need
you all to describe to me, well… what—what happened? Are we under
attack?
Magnus: It was—it was wacky.
Taako: Oh, talk about your unreliable narrators. Um… we… there was a
loud… then… by… no. Bright first, then loud.
Magnus: Mm-hmm. Yes.
Merle: N—no. Loud and then bright.
Taako: Loud—
Magnus: I thought it was at the same time.
Taako: There was sort of a confluence, right?
Magnus: Yeah, and it sounded like a bunch of, like, uh, instruments? Like,
a bunch of like, string?
Taako: Like a cacophony of…
Magnus: Instruments? There was coffins?
Taako: Y'know The Polyphonic Spree?
Magnus: Yeah.
Director: Yes, I love them. I mean, I preferred Tripping Daisy, but you
know how…
Magnus: Imagine if you played like, eight Polyphonic Spree albums at the
same time, but like, just a little bit too fast.
Director: Okay. Did you see anything, in addition to the—
Magnus: A bunch of—it was a bunch of like, ovals.
Director: A bunch of ov—
Merle: Eyes. They were eyes!
Magnus: Oh yeah, eyes. It was eyes. They were eye—it was eyeballs.
Director: Okay.
Magnus: And they, uh… and they looked, um… kind of glorious, but a little
bit evil?
Merle: Bloodshot. They were bloodshot. Kind of bloodshot.
Magnus: Little blood—were they bloodshot?
Merle: A little bit.
Griffin: You guys sound so alike. I love it.
Director: Our seekers on the ground have reported back to us, and have
told us that nobody on the surface of the world saw or heard anything
peculiar. So whatever… whatever you saw, you were the only ones who saw
it. This was not a worldwide phenomenon. It just happened to us, up here,
up on the moon.
Merle: It was moon-wide.
Magnus: Could this be the work of some kind of evil organization spying on
us?
Director: I don't know what it was, but… I need you to not tell anybody
what you've told me today, even inside of the Bureau, until we understand
what we‘re up against.
Magnus: Oh. I already tweeted it.
Director: You mean you told it to… a bird?
Magnus: I told it to the birds. And the bees.
Director: You… made… love? I don‘t under—
Magnus: I made love to birds.
Merle: And bees.
Justin: Blame it on the uni—
Magnus: I was a little bit stoned on unicorn dick.
Taako: Blame it on the unicorn dick.
Director: Listen, whatever you… whatever you do in your spare time is
your business, but it is of the utmost importance that you don‘t tell anybody
what you saw until we understand what it is that you saw. And we—
Magnus: Well, just tell Killian, and we‘ll tell our roommate, Pringles.
Director: Nope. Don‘t tell—nope. Pringles?
Magnus: Whatever his name was.
Director: Robert.
Magnus: Robrit?
Justin: He just wanted Pringles. That can't define him for the
rest of his life.
Travis: Well, sometimes that‘s how you get a nickname.
Clint: Ol‘ Pringles Robert!
Director: I believe that this is a ill omen, and we must hasten our efforts to
gather the relics, because if a storm is brewing, we cannot hope to weather
it if we‘re busy putting out the fires to threaten to consume our world.
Taako: Mmm. That sounded really cool.
Magnus: Yeah, that was good. Did you write that?
Director: No, that was off the dome.
Merle: Well, first, I think you ought to investigate that can game bastard.
Taako: Yeah. That guy‘s got a whole—
Director: No, I'm sorry, you're right, you're right. Before we hasten our
efforts to collect the grand relics that threaten to destroy our world, I'll look
into a seedy carnival game owner. And operator.
Merle: Alright. Foreshadowing, that‘s all I'm sayin‘.
Taako: Good. Good.
Director: Uh, you're dismissed, please.
Magnus: Are we fired?
Director: No. Just go. I'm tired. I'm very, very sleepy.
Taako: Gonna get on the case early tomorrow, huh?
Director: Yeah.
Taako: The case of the mysterious carnival barker! It was the administrator‘s greatest case!
Griffin: Hey everyone, this is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master, your
best friend, your lover? No, not that. Just your dungeon master and your
best friend. Thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone, episode 17, in
which we take a little interlude. A lunar interlude, if you will, and that‘s
probably what I'm gonna call the episode from the main campaign to do
some character management, which is comin‘ right up after this.
Thank you all so much for listening to the show. Thank you for tweeting
about the show. We‘re gonna kick off a new story arc in the next episode, in
two weeks, so make sure that you tweet about the show using the
#TheZoneCast hash tag, and you might end up as a character in that story
arc. Who knows? I don't know, because I haven‘t picked the names yet.
We have a couple sponsors this week on The Adventure Zone. First up is
Audible. Audible, you know them, you love them, you've been educated
through books because of them, and the magic of books. The Adventure
Zone is sponsored in part by Audible.com, the internet‘s leading provider of
spoken audio information and entertainment with over 180,000 titles.
Audible is offering Adventure Zone listeners a free audiobook and a free 30-
day trial membership. You can get a free audiobook of your choice right now
at AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure. I'm gonna say it one more time, because
I think I said 'bodcast,‘ and that‘s not a thing. Although, it should be. It‘s
AudiblePodcast.com/Adventure. 
This hot, tight, sweaty bodcast is also sponsored this week by Nature Box.
Nature Box‘s snacks are all made with zero artificial flavors, colors, or
sweeteners, zero grams trans fats, and no high fructose corn syrup. And it‘s
so much better for you than the other snack options out there! Next time
you're hungry, you could grab something in the '-ito‘ milieu, if you're a
dummy.
But instead, I suggest you grab some jalapeno white cheddar popcorn, some
pistachio power clusters, or some big island pineapple! Those are all snacks
that are all really tasty and good for you, and they're all available at Nature
Box. I can get you, on the freeskies, some free Nature Box snacks. If you go
to NatureBox.com/Adventure, you can get a free trial box of Nature Box‘s
favorite snacks. You're gonna love every second of this eating experience.
I have a personal message for this week‘s episode. If you want to get a
personal message for yourself or your small business, you can get one at
MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron. Just pick The Adventure Zone, and let us know
what you want me to say.
This message is for Kat, and it‘s from… this field intentionally left blank. This
is a, essentially, a Craig‘s List missed connection for Kat. Uh, this
anonymous person says, ―Thanks for turning me on… … to this
podcast. They put an ellipses there, and I interpret ellipses as like, three
second pauses. ―Peace and pleasure, Kat. Smiley face. I don't know what to
make of this message, but hopefully Kat will, and hopefully, every person
who listens to this show whose name is Kat or Katie or Katrina wasn‘t just
totally scared shitless.
We have another personal message this week, and it‘s for Emmy QT Girl, or
Emmy Cutie Girl, and/or Meclandorf Anne. I can—I just—I have no
idea. I just spit it from the dome as I read it, and that‘s how it came out. It‘s
from Momo and Damnit, Katie, and they say to Emmy QT Girl and/or
Meclandorf Anne, uh…
―For this b-day, we promise to play with your hair, buy you incorrectly
monogrammed stationery, burn wangus, put a real poop on the bathroom
floor, and buttpunch the cum right out you. Turn westward, and you will find
a mug with the pic of you at the wedding, where your mouth is full of food 
and you have tiny mouth. Love you, Shmimsy. #BringBackBarryBluejeans. 
We‘ll see what we can do about that. We‘re not gonna do
anything about that.
Thanks again to everybody for listening to the show! If you haven‘t given
the other shows on the Maximum Fun network a chance, you should,
because they're all great, and they're all free, and we‘re gonna be hanging
out with a lot of them, uh, this week. Or, sorry, I guess last weekend, by the
time you hear this, at MaxFunCon!
Go listen to Jordan, Jesse, Go. Go listen to One Bad Mother. Go listen to
Throwing Shade. Go listen to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, which is a
show that we also do. We do a couple shows on the network. You can find
them all, along with all the other amazing shows, at MaximumFun.org.
That‘s it for the commercials this week. I'll let you get back to the episode.
Next episode will be up on July 2nd, so I will talk to you then! See ya, cool
cats! Alright let‘s do a little bit of character management. 'Cause we
need to manage y‘all.
Travis: This is everyone‘s favorite part.
Griffin: Some people—some people are into it. Some people like the trips
to the Fantasy Costco. We got a lot of submissions. Lot of, um… I don‘t—I
don‘t wanna be critical of our fans and our loved ones, let‘s call 'em, but if
you send in an item that‘s like, ―It‘s a sword and it does a billion damage, I
can‘t do that. I can‘t include that.
Travis: I would like that one please.
Griffin: ―It‘s a potion, and if you drink it, you‘re invincible. You can‘t have
a potion that makes you invincible.
Travis: Why are you making them sound like that, Griffin, like the ghost
of Emo Philips?
Griffin: Because Emo Philips listens to the show, and he sends in a lot of
shitty Fantasy Costco suggestions. Do you guys wanna—
Travis: What about a shield?
Griffin: Y‘all want to go to the Costco first? You want to go to the fantasy
gachapon, or do you want to meditate and level up?
Justin: Let‘s go to the fantasy gachapon first, because that‘s random.
Travis: Yeah, and that will determine what we buy.
Clint: And we might get some cool stuff. Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s a good idea. Um… alright, so you roll up to the
artificer, who… I forget what I made him sound like. I want to say Tim
Curry, but I don‘t want to like… I don't know. I don‘t want to be mean to Tim
Curry.
Travis: No, it‘s a touching tribute.
Griffin: I guess it‘s like a tribute. It‘s like, an honor. Okay. Uh…
Leon: Hello, welcome back! Uh, do you have uh, any tokens to throw in the
fantasy gachapon?
Magnus: Do we?
Leon: Test your luck, see what lady luck—you do. You got three.
Magnus: Okay, we do. We do! We do. We've got these tokens, son.
Leon: Okay, let me see those?
Griffin: He takes them and bites them.
Travis: I throw 'em at him!
Leon: Don‘t—be careful. They're quite heavy.
Griffin: He bites them, just to make sure they're legit.
Travis: His teeth break.
Griffin: Hands them back to you.
Leon: Oh! God. Oh no. I need to go—
Travis: Nobody bites brass tokens, Griffin. You bite gold.
Leon: Uh, who wants to go first? Who‘s feelin‘ lucky?
Merle: I'll do it!
Griffin: Uh, alright, Merle. Step up to the plate.
Merle: Alright. Here‘s my token. And I'm spinnin‘ the wheel!
Griffin: Uh, it‘s more like a lever. Or a dial. Or a knob. Uh, okay! You throw
the uh, the token into the fantasy gachapon. Spin it. Roll a d20.
Clint: d20. Okay.
Travis: Alright, let me see.
Clint: Alright. And I rolled a ten.
Griffin: Ten. Middle of the road. Totally average.
Justin: You said it didn‘t go like that.
Clint: You said it didn‘t work that way!
Griffin: No, it doesn‘t. I'm just saying, numerically, it‘s between… 
It‘s between them. Uh, okay, so you… hold on. Let me open up my
spreadsheet.
Travis: If only Griffin had known this was coming.
Griffin: I have several spreadsheets that I work off of at any given time. So
I have a lot of—
Travis: You're gonna have to three monitor this shit, Griffin.
Griffin: Yeah, I'm already two monitoring this shit. This is getting out of
control. I guess I could loop my televi—anyway, okay. Uh, a ten. Okay, so,
a… a capsule comes down into the prize chamber. You lift up the door to the
prize chamber and retrieve a capsule that‘s about the size of a shoe box.
And you crack it open, and appropriately enough, there are some shoes
inside! Or, to be more specific, they're more like slippers. Uh, like, house
slippers. Not like fuzzy bunny slippers.
Clint: Aww!!
Griffin: These are uh, some slippers that have small, uh, esthetic wings on
the back of them.
Clint: Cool!
Griffin: And uh, the uh, the artificer… what‘s his name? I literally just said
it.
Travis: Leon.
Griffin: Leon. Oh, of course, for Leon Rozelaar. Uh, Leon the artificer takes
these slippers and eyes them over, and opens up his giant tome. His own
spreadsheet. His own triple monitor spreadsheet on his desk. And uh, flips to, uh…
Leon: Let‘s see, let‘s see… uh, S… these—
Magnus: For 'slippies.‘
Leon: —are your slippies of haste. And these are a very wondrous magic
item. While you're wearing these, if you ever find yourself in danger or about
to enter into combat, you will be able to move a little bit faster than those
who are trying to get the drop on you.
Griffin: He says. Which, in D&D gamespeak means, uh, you will have
advantage on all of your initiative rolls from now on.
Clint: Whoa!
Travis: That‘s good for you!
Griffin: So whenever you—yeah. Whenever you roll for initiative, uh, you
roll twice and take the higher result. So these are really good shoes.
Clint: Cool!
Travis: Those are some badass shoes. Those are some cool ass slippies.
Griffin: Yeah. You toss on those cool ass slippies, I'm guessin‘?
Clint: I'm tossin‘ them on. They're a perfect fit.
Griffin: It‘s weird how that worked out!
Clint: It is weird. 
Travis: Ah, they're too small. Aww. Well, what are you gonna do?
Griffin: Oh, well, damn. Well, okay. Maybe you can sell them at the
Fantasy Costco.
Travis: Maybe they're just like—maybe they're just a little too small, so
like, they fit. You can wear them. But like, you don‘t like it. Y'know? You're
gonna get a little chafing on the back of your heel.
Griffin: You love them. They feel great.
Clint: I think I'll keep them.
Griffin: They got some Dr. Scholl‘s inserts. Only… I guess it‘d be like…
Magister Scholl. And he‘s a warlock. A foot warlock. Who wants to go next?
Travis: I'll go!
Griffin: Okay. Magnus, you step up to the machine.
Travis: I rolled an 11.
Griffin: Give me some flavor! Don‘t just—
Travis: Oh!
Magnus: I uh—I will now spin the wheel!
Griffin: Okay, you spin it. Whatever.
Magnus: Of justice.
Griffin: Uh, you got an 11?
Travis: I got an 11, if that‘s good.
Griffin: Oh god, no. It‘s not.
Travis: Nooo!
Griffin: Uh, no. It‘s okay. You uh… a capsule drops down—
Magnus: Shield, shield, shield, shield, shield…
Griffin: It is not shield-sized. It is much smaller than the capsule that you
got the Railsplitter out of. Uh, it‘s uh… it‘s maybe the size of like, a
volleyball.
Magnus: Is it a volleyball?
Griffin: It is actually a… a green cloth glove. Uh, that uh, is made for your
right hand, and uh, you hand it to Leon, the artificer, and he flips through
the book.
Leon: Let‘s see, uh… don‘t see anything for this in G. 
Griffin: And he keeps flipping. It takes him a while to find this one. And he
goes…
Leon: Ah! Ah. This, uh, is a magic item called a Fletcher‘s Mitt. And uh,
what this does is, if you ever find yourself on the receiving end of an arrow
or a crossbow bolt, this glove will uh, give you a little bit of help in avoiding
or even catching the projectile being fired at you.
Griffin: He says. Which means you have a plus one AC against ranged,
non-magical attacks.
Travis: Ooh!
Griffin: Um, and if you avoid any ranged non-magical attacks, you uh, grab
the projectile and have it.
Travis: Well alright then! I can deal with that.
Clint: Nice!
Griffin: Uh, that is the Fletcher‘s Mitt.
Travis: Now, does that in any way conflict with my, uh, Phantom Fist? Or
do they—can I wear both?
Griffin: Uh… I mean, you can—you can wear both.
Travis: Great.
Griffin: We‘ll say the Phantom Fist is for your lefty.
Travis: Okay, great.
Griffin: Taako? You want to hit this—you want to hit this shit?
Justin: Yeah, I uh, walk up to Leon, and I hand him the token.
Leon: Oh god. How do you—how can this be? How—I can't believe you've
done this.
Taako: I'm ready!
Leon: Okay.
Griffin: He hands it back to you
Leon: Sweetheart… I want you to pop it into the machine and turn it
yourself. I can't do it for you. Remember the monologue I did last time
about like, how I can't give you magical items? It has to be fate?
Justin: I hand him the coin. The coin.
Leon: Okay. Do—I'm going to—if you hand this to me again, I'm going to
take it away from you, and you won't get a magic item, and you'll be very
sad.
Taako: No, I want a magic item!
Magnus: Just do it—Leon, just do it.
Justin: I put—
Leon: I can't—what it—it‘s against our—
Magnus: Leon. Be cool. Be cool.
Leon: Think about out—
Magnus: Leon!
Leon: This machine has been sanctified by the gods. If you get a magic
item out of it, it is like the gods are giving it to you. If I turn the wheel, and
something dope drops out, it‘s my thing. Do you understand?
Taako: But you didn‘t hurt the guy with the stinky hand!
Leon: No, you hurt him.
Taako: I hurt him.
Leon: Yes. You hurted him great. Here‘s the coin. Put it in the machine.
Turn that there knob, and Bob‘s your uncle.
Taako: Alright!
Justin: I put the token into the machine.
Leon: Okay.
Taako: Hit me!
Leon: Halfway—halfway there. Oh boy.
Taako: Now which way do I turn it?
Leon: The—to the right. And I want you to take both your hands and make
L‘s with them, and the one that looks like an L is the left hand.
Taako: Okay.
Leon: So turn it the opposite direction.
Taako: Is that clockwise or counterclockwise?
Leon: It is clockwise.
Taako: I don‘t understand clock—I'm a digital man, myself.
Leon: Why did you ask the question between the two if you—
Taako: I'm still trying to figure it out! So I use that learning opportunities
like this. Okay. I'll put my hands on the crank, and you just turn my hands.
Griffin: He leans in under the table—
Taako: How does that sound?
Griffin: He leans under his desk.
Travis: While all of this is going on, I've handed my bow and arrow to
Merle, and I'm telling him to shoot me while I try to catch the arrow. Just in
the background.
Travis: Just quietly in the background.
Griffin: Okay, that‘s fun. Merle, you want to roll to make a ranged attack
roll against Magnus?
Justin: This‘ll be his critical.
Clint: Yeah, this is good. Yes.
Justin: This will be his critical roll.
Clint: Okay. Ranged attack roll. Two.
Griffin: Two. Okay. The arrow just falls out of the bow, and…
Travis: And I run over and pick it up. I'm like…
Magnus: I did it!
Griffin: I did it! This is like the scene in the James Bond movies where he
gets the tools and is immediately like, ―Oh, I want to shoot this at the
thing. 
Justin: In the interim, I have figured it out, and I have just turned the
crank.
Griffin: Okay, you've turned the crank. Roll a d20 for me.
Justin: 16.
Griffin: 16. Okay. Uh, a small, ovular… more like a cylinder pops out of the
uh, prize chamber. Uh, and you take it and pop it open, and inside—
Taako: Uh oh, tampon! Why is it every time I put a quarter in a machine, a tampon comes
out?
Griffin: It‘s not a tampon, I promise. It is—
Taako: I told you I didn‘t want to turn it.
Griffin: It is a small—
Taako: This is punishment. I'm being punished.
Merle: It‘s a timepon.
Taako: Timepon?
Griffin: Timepon, the time traveling tampon! It is a small folding fan. Like a handheld, folding fan. Uh, and on it
is, uh… it is blue, and there‘s a lovely tableau of some clouds on it. And uh,
you hand it to Leon, who flips through his book. Opens it up to an entry and
says…
Leon: This… oh, this is a fun item! This is the Gustmaster 5000. Uh, and this fan is capable of, once per day, producing an incredibly
powerful gust of wind that you can use to, say, knock back a foe, or put out
a flame, or uh, send some dishes flying, or uh, anything you could do with a
stiff breeze. This fan will allow you to produce that breeze once per day.
Griffin: Which, uh, in layman‘s terms means, you can cast the spell, gust of
wind, using this fan once per day.
Taako: Oh.
Clint: It'll come in handy when your soup‘s too hot.
Taako: Yeah, thrilling. Y'know, between the uh, between this fan and this
fancy sunbrella, I'm one 17-inch waist away from Scarlett O‘Hara. A real… real plantation lady over here.
Griffin: Uh, Leon says, uh…
Leon: Actually, let me see your uh, sunbrella there. It looks like there‘s
something different than the last time. This item is very interesting.
Taako: Yeah, it ate somebody else.
Leon: Your… staff… ate somebody?
Taako: Well, it eats their magic, I think?
Magnus: Yeah, it eats their—eats their wand?
Leon: Oh, that‘s right. So the Umbrastaffs—staves, I should say, is the
plural. Is uh, they're capable of devouring the power of the magical objects
used by any wizard that you defeat in combat. Let me see it.
Griffin: And he takes the umbrella and looks at the handle, and says…
Leon: Did you notice this sigil of an umbrella appear on your umbrella‘s
handle after you consu—
Taako: I did, yeah!
Leon: This is interesting. This, uh, Umbrastaff is now capable of, uh, at any
time, uh, casting slow fall on yourself and your adventuring party whenever
you need it.
Taako: Ooh!
Griffin: So the spell‘s actually called feather fall. Uh, it is essentially the
spell that Killian had in her magic feather duster thing. And you can choose
up to five falling creatures within range, and their rate of descent slows to,
uh, 60 feet per round until the spell ends. That doesn‘t mean anything.
People just slow down while they're falling.
Justin: Got it.
Griffin: Uh, and you can channel that through your umbrella once a day,
and it doesn‘t consume a spell slot or anything like that. So…
Leon: Well, thanks for stopping by! It‘s always good to see you three.
Magnus: Can we—can we have some more stuff?
Leon: Nooo, no no no no.
Magnus: But I really like this stuff!
Leon: Yeah, go get some uh… go get some tokens. Go uh… if you get an
A+ on your report card, maybe you'll uh, get some for free!
Magnus: Okay!
Griffin: That‘s a Chuck E. Cheese joke. Y‘all want to hit up the Fantasy
Costco?
Travis: It‘s also Pizza Hut.
Griffin: Did they do that, too?
Travis: Well, it was accelerated reader—wait, why am I doing it in my
Magnus voice? It was accelerated reader that I'm thinking of.
Griffin: Fantasy Costco, where all your dreams come true!
Justin: Got a deal for you!
Griffin: Got a deal for you! Uh, you—that‘s the jingle
that plays as you—there‘s like a motion sensor in the Fantasy Costco, and it
just blasts that every time anybody walks in the store. You imagine this is a
terrible place to work.
Clint: Oh yeah.
Griffin: 'Cause that tune‘s just gonna get stuck right in your dome. Uh,
yeah. You guys should have the email with the Fantasy Costco inventory.
Travis: Yes. How many monies do we have?
Griffin: Uh, so you got 2,100 gold pieces for completing your last mission.
Yeah, so each of you would have, if you split it up evenly, which I‘m
assuming you do.
Travis: 900 dollars.
Griffin: Oh, no no. Uh, 700, but then also Taako, you‘ve got some stuff to
hock, right?
Justin: Yeah, I‘ve got a lot of valuables. I don‘t know exactly what, you‘re
gonna have to tell me.
Griffin: You had, let‘s see… you had a tiara. And you take this to the
customer service desk, and maybe you say like, ―I‘m returning this stuff, I
don‘t have— 
Taako: I bought these!
Griffin: Uh, so, for—for the tiara, you get, uh, not much. About 20 gold.
Taako: What?!
Griffin: Yeah. It was fake. It was fake gold. Also, the—
Taako: Why was it in the safe?
Griffin: They didn‘t—maybe they didn‘t know it was fake.
Taako: Oh.
Griffin: They‘re not especially interested in the other items. They are
interested in the, uh, the silverware set. And the appraiser is going over the
silverware set and looking over it saying like…
Appraiser: This could be worth thousands. The could be worth—this could
be worth tens of thousands! This is very rare—oh, wait, one second. It
seems like a fork is missing from this set. Oh dear.
Taako: Yeah, I gave it to some idiot.
Appraiser: Oh dear.
Taako: Some idiot baby.
Appraiser: Oh dear, that is so unfortunate. A full set of this extremely rare
silverware – true silverware, is what it is – we could have exchanged that for
20, maybe 30 thousand gold pieces. Unfortunately, because a piece is
missing, I can give you… uh, 280?
Taako: Alright…
Travis: Griffin, does he say anything about the patina? 
Appraiser: The patina‘s quite nice. Quite—a lovely pa-tina.
Griffin: He doesn‘t—he doesn‘t know the word, and he‘s just trying to
sound impressive.
Appraiser: Uh, so 300 all together?
Taako: Yeah, fine.
Clint: That‘s 100 each!
Appraiser: And you want that in store credit or cash?
Taako: Just give it to me in cash and please hurry, my friends are nearby.
Appraiser: In cash it‘ll only be 15.
Taako: Okay, store credit. Store—
Merle: Taakoooo!
Taako: Yeah, I‘ll be there in a second.
Griffin: You get a—you get a voucher for 300 Costco bucks.
Taako: Good.
Merle: Taako c‘mon, they got free cheese!
Taako: Okay, I‘ll get some cheese, just hold on.
Justin: Alright, I stuff it in my pocket and I go find… free cheese.
Griffin: Okay, so—
Justin: That Dad invented.
Griffin: 2,400 altogether. Although, if you wanted to split it up in the canon
of the story, everyone has 700 gold pieces, and Taako has a secret extra
300 in Fantasy Costco bucks.
Taako: Excelenté!
Justin: Now, I thought I bought the Unlimited Pasta Pass.
Griffin: Did you? I couldn‘t remember.
Justin: It has—this is the pasta pass that has no—from Danisthe23rd that
has no practical value for the game, unless…
Griffin: Can you read the description again?
Justin: ―Can be used at any participating Olive Garden for free unlimited
pasta for the owner of the pass, and free soft drinks for their guests. It is
just—
Griffin: I don‘t remember if I—I don‘t remember if I said this last time you
guys went shopping, but the original description said that it was only good
for six weeks. That seemed like it was hemming you in to like, haul ass to an
OG.
Justin: To whatever Fantasy OG.
Griffin: So we got some old stuff, some new stuff, some stuff I came up
with, some stuff that other people sent in. If you wanna submit an item for
Fantasy Costco the next time our boys go shopping, it‘s
AdventureZoneCast@Gmail.com, and you can send in an item. But yeah, we
got a—
Justin: Do you want to read the ones that people sent in? You don‘t have to
read yours.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. There‘s uh, a haunted doll. Some people have sent in
variations of the haunted doll, but this one will basically take the third death
save that you roll. You have to roll death saves when you go down, and if
you roll three, you die. This one will take that third death save instead, and
die in place of you.
There‘s the Ring of Pointing that Daniel Keefer sent in. This is basically a
laser pointer. There‘s the Tankard of Potent Drink from Troy Hoffmockle.
This makes beverages more alcoholic, or if you drink water from it, it
immediately sobers you up.
There‘s some healing potions, there‘s the—this is a new item from Bodhe
Brookwhite? Bodhe? From Bodhe Brookwhite. They are the Glasses of
Lightning Comprehension, which allow you to read and comprehend text of
any language that you know 10 times as fast. So speed reading glasses.
And then there‘s the Lens of Straight Creepin‘ from Dylan Duarte that allow
you to find footprints, tracks or markings of any person or thing that
traveled through the area recently once per day.
And then there‘s some other items in here that I came up with, like the
Alchemist‘s Ring that gives you extra healing when you drink a healing
potion. There‘s the Ring of Recall, which allows you to regain a spell slot for
a failed spellcasting. There‘s the mystery bag. That one‘s exciting. 300 gold
pieces, you don‘t know what‘s gonna be in it.
Travis: I‘m really eyeballing that mystery bag.
Griffin: There‘s the Pocket Spa for 900 gold pieces, which pops out, and
whenever you take a short rest, you can chill out in this little spa tent and
regain extra hit points when you recover. Yeah there‘s a lot of good stuff on
offer.
Travis: Griffy, will you be straight with me?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Is that 300 dollar mystery bag worth it?
Griffin: Do you—what‘s the point of it being a mystery bag if I‘m gonna
ruin—if it wasn‘t a—
Travis: I just need to know if it‘s worth it!
Griffin: If I ruin the m—if I ruin the mystery, Travis, then it‘s just a bag.
Justin: Let me ask you this, Griffin. When you—when he finds the mystery
bag on the shelves, what does he see?
Griffin: Uh, it is a—
Travis: Yes. Paint us a word picture.
Griffin: It is a patchwork leather bag. Small. And uh, it‘s about the size of a
fantasy softball. And there is some sort of spherical object inside.
Travis: Does it literally or figuratively call to me? Am I looking at it
and thinking, ―Finally, I am complete. 
Griffin: No, you know what? You know what Trav, it—it does. It calls out
to you, Magnus. It call—you feel it calling. You don‘t know—
Clint: Well, if he doesn‘t buy it—if he doesn‘t buy it, I will.
Griffin: Maybe it‘s just your curiosity. Maybe it‘s something deeper and
more spiritual.
Justin: Are you both looking at it?
Clint: I‘m thinking about it, seriously.
Travis: Is this some kind of like, cursed bag that drives people insane?
Justin: And Travis, you‘re looking at it? Magnus, you‘re looking at it?
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: Okay. while they‘re looking at it, I buy the Pocket Spa and diiip.
Griffin: Alright, so you‘re buying the Pocket Spa?
Taako: I‘m buying the Pocket Spaaa!
Clint: Do we not have any gold from last time?
Justin: I don't know, that‘s your—you gotta monitor that yourself.
Griffin: Yeah, I cannot keep track of that shit for you.
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: So that‘s—that‘s 900. So I guess you‘re spending 200 of your
voucher and your other 700 gold.
Merle: Wait a minute, how did he spend another 200?
Justin: No—I—what do you mean? No, I specifically waited until you guys
were looking at the bag, that‘s when I checked out. You have no idea.
Clint: Ooh. ―Guys, wait 'til you see this spa I bought for 700! 
Taako: The guy gave me a great deal.
Griffin: Yeah, you got a great deal.
Garfield: From me, Garfield, the Deals Warlock!
Travis: You made it!
Garfield: I made it into your game!
Travis: It‘s our first cross-universe character!
Garfield: I‘m a new hire here at the Fantasy Costco. The benefits are
terrible!
Justin: Dad, we have—I should mention to Dad. We do a comedy advice
show called My Brother, My Brother, and Me.
Clint: Oh!
Justin: And on that show, there—we have a new character that Griffin
invented named Garfield the Deals Warlock that appears whenever deals are
made.
Clint: Oh, that‘s cool.
Justin: Yeah.
Clint: Is it doing well for you? The—the show?
Travis: We‘ve seen some solid response.
Justin: Not really. There‘s been some up and down.
Clint: Good. Okay.
Magnus: Alright, I‘m eyeballing the mystery bag and the Lens of Straight
Creepin‘, but I also want that, uh, the Tankard of Potent Drink.
Garfield: Oh sure, why don‘t you just take everything in the store without
paying for any of it?
Magnus: I‘ll give you 700 for those three items in total.
Justin: I think you should have to roll to haggle, right?
Garfield: Yes, yes, prepare to contest me, Garfield the Deals Warlock, in a
test of mercantile wits!
Travis: What is that?
Garfield: Have at thee!
Travis: What does it fall under?
Griffin: Uh, charisma I guess?
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Garfield the Deals Warlock has plus 50 charisma.
Justin: I can attest that he does not.
Travis: Oh, I rolled a 14 plus one. I rolled 15.
Justin: As someone who has personally interacted with Garfield the Deals
Warlock twice, I can personally attest that he does not have plus 50
charisma.
Griffin: No he only has plus two charisma, and he rolled a six, so eight.
Travis: I rolled a 14 plus one.
Garfield: Okay, f—fine.
Magnus: What‘s in the mystery bag!?
Garfield: Don‘t tell my boss though. Don‘t tell—I know I‘m called the Deals
Warlock, but—
Taako: ―I‘m kind of an entry-level sales associate. 
Merle: Everybody answers to somebody.
Garfield: But we have a very strict bottom line!
Justin: It really disappointed me that the Deals Warlock has to consider
petty earth concerns like margin. That‘s very disappointing for me.
Travis: ―Gotta keep the lights on! 
Griffin: Um, uh, okay. Merle, what do you wanna pick up?
Travis: What‘s in the mystery bag!
Griffin: Oh right. Uh… You… crack open the mystery bag, and inside is a
glass sphere, almost like you would find in a, uh… like a snow globe? And it
is filled with water. And floating in that water is a goldfish.
Travis: 
Clint: Aw, finally.
Griffin: Uh, and that‘s it.
Travis: It—what does it… do?
Griffin: It‘s a—it‘s a goldfish! You have a pet! Get off my—get off my back! This could not have worked out any better for you.
Travis: Okay. It‘s a—
Griffin: Maybe it‘s—maybe it‘s a—
Travis: I‘m going to name the goldfish Steven.
Griffin: Steven. Okay. Steven the goldfish. Travis, I thought you would be
psyched about this.
Travis: I‘m pretty psyched, Griffin, but it is very much like the feeling when
a kid is begging for a dog, and the parents like, bring home a goldfish.
Griffin: Well, if you show that you‘re—
Clint: I will give you 400 gold pieces for the fish.
Griffin: Oh my god.
Travis: No! It‘s my fish.
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: Okay, so you‘ve got—you got Steven, you got a Tankard of Potent
Drink.
Travis: Steven Q. Fletcher, Esquire, the Goldfish is the full title. Lord
Steven Q. Fletcher, Esquire, the Goldfish, the Third.
Griffin: And you got your Lens of Straight Creepin‘. Okay. And make sure
you write this shit down, please.
Travis: I‘m writing it down right now.
Griffin: Okay, and Merle?
Clint: Only one mystery bag?
Griffin: Yeah that was the only mystery bag.
Clint: Wow.
Griffin: Sorry man, this is like Survivor auction rules, baby.
Clint: Well, I tell you what, I‘m… if you‘re still in a haggling mood, I‘ll give
you all 700 for the Ring of Recall, 'cause anytime I can retrieve a used spell
slot…
Griffin: Yeah, so the, it‘s not—it‘s not any spell. It‘s if you cast a spell and
it fails, you…
Clint: Right, I don‘t lose the spell slot. I understand.
Griffin: Okay.
Taako: It‘s a good ring, I wish I‘d seen that one. Well, I got my spa.
Magnus: At such a deal on that spa!
Taako: What a bargain, right? Can‘t get over it. I‘m out here in the spa, by
the way. And you guys are going shopping.
Magnus: Oh, I can go out to the spa. May I join you in the spa?
Taako: Join me in the spa!
Magnus: Alright.
Griffin: Uh, you‘re in the spa. It‘s beautiful, there‘s a fountain.
Justin: Can I call it the Chill-Out Tent?
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s your Chill-Out Tent. There‘s a fountain, there‘s a—
Travis: I have a little orange juice.
Griffin: There‘s a mud bath. It‘s—it‘s actually bigger on the inside than on
the outside, there‘s some sort of interdimensional stuff going on. But yeah,
it‘s uh, it‘s lovely in there.
Justin: Like a—what, like the thing from, uh…
Griffin: There‘s Sade playing nonstop. There‘s nonstop Sade.
Justin: It‘s bigger on the inside like the… like the Targis? That um…
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Clint: I think it‘s ―Tarmis. 
Justin: Doctor guy… Tarmis. Tarmis, the Tarmis.
Garfield: Uh, I shall meet you in a test of wits, as well. Wits and wagers! If
you so choose, but if you lose, your first child is mine!
Travis: Goodbye Justin.
Merle: Alright.
Garfield: I will have your child!
Griffin: He says. He rolled a 16, plus two is 18.
Merle: Wow.
Garfield: Are you tough enough?
Griffin: He says.
Merle: We‘ll see.
Garfield: Wits and wagers!
Griffin: He yells, apropos of nothing.
Clint: So a 20? I rolled a 10.
Garfield: No.
Clint: Plus one is 11.
Garfield: I will name him… Craigory. Or her. If only you could somehow
come up with an extra 100 gold pieces.
Taako: Here, I have an extra 100 gold you can use.
Magnus: You got the—you got the spa for 600 gold?
Merle: Taako, that‘s amazing!
Magnus: That‘s incredible, what did you roll?
Griffin: He uh—he looks at Taako and says…
Garfield: Yeah, he really, uh… he really beat me in a test of wits and
wagers.
Taako: Yeah.
Griffin: And winks. Winks at Taako. Over and over. Just winking. Wink wink
wink wink wink.
Clint: Like he‘s got something in his eye.
Taako: Yeah.
Merle: Okay, what do I with the hundred—the hundred gold?
Garfield: You trade it in for goods and services.
Justin: What are you talking about?
Clint: There‘s nothing left!
Justin: You lost your thing.
Griffin: The—the Ring of Recall.
Justin: The Ring of Recall. I‘m giving you the hundred you need to buy it.
Clint: Ohh.
Justin: Yeah.
Merle: Thanks.
Taako: Yeah, no problem.
Travis: You‘re welcome, Christian Bale.
Taako: But remember, you owe me. This is a loan.
Travis: This whole time, I‘m sitting in the spa, singing to Steven.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: We‘re starting to bond! There‘s definitely a connection being made.
Clint: And Steven‘s starting to parboil.
Griffin: As you sing… as you sing to Steven… The ball seems to pulsate with magic—no, it‘s just a goldfish. Okay. So you‘ve got the Ring of Recall. Leveling up time! Let‘s
make this brisk. I‘m‘a bump you all up to six. Let me get my Player‘s
Handbook to make sure I do this right. Everybody‘s gonna get extra hit
points.
Travis: Griff—yeah, I‘ve already got mine all sorted out. Do you want me to
just tell you what it is?
Justin: Yeah, I did my hit points too, just to streamline.
Griffin: Oh yeah, sure.
Travis: Okay, cool. So, I, at level five…
Griffin: You get—oh, your shit‘s about to pop off.
Travis: Yeah! The fighter gets some pretty awesome shit, y‘all.
Griffin: So you need to get some extra hit points. Have you rolled that
already?
Travis: Yeah, I‘ve got both of those done. I—I‘ve got everything done. So
at level five, the fighter gets the ability to roll an extra attack. So basically, I
get two attacks per turn, and if I use Action Surge, I can hypothetically
attack three times in one turn.
Griffin: Yeah, now it‘s important to note that it is—you get double your
attacks when you take an attack action. So you cannot take an action and
then get a bonus attack. It is if you choose to attack, you attack twice.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: You can‘t—you can‘t like, mix and match your—your actions. But
yeah.
Travis: Then at level six, I got an ability score improvement, so I brought
my wisdom to ten, making my modifier zero instead of negative one.
Griffin: Cool, good call.
Travis: 'Cause that was starting to hurt. Uh, I rolled my hit point dice and
brought my max hit point total up to 57.
Griffin: Nice.
Travis: And then, I also realized that I was not putting the right attack
bonuses on everything, so it‘s even across the board.
Griffin: Nice. One other thing – all three of you – the proficiency bonus that
you have that has been plus two this whole time is now plus three.
Travis: Correct.
Griffin: So that‘s gonna—that‘s going to change a lot of stuff for everybody.
Basically if you‘re proficient in a skill, and you make a check with that skill,
now you get an extra thing to that. Or if you cast a spell, you‘re proficient in
spellcasting, you get an extra plus one to your spellcasting attempts. 
Your attacks with weapons you‘re proficient in, that‘s an extra one there
also. So everybody—this move up to level five, and then up to level six is a
pretty big one.
Travis: But that‘s—that‘s for attack bonus, not damage type, right? Like
you don't, I don‘t get plus one?
Griffin: Exactly. Right.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: I think that‘s it for you.
Travis: I think that‘s it for me as well.
Justin: So I rolled my hit points, I‘ve got 37 hit points now. Whatever.
Uhh…
Travis: Why are you so dismissive of that? For a wizard, that‘s great.
Justin: I‘m not, it‘s just, like, it‘s not that interesting or funny. I‘ve got 37
hit points. That‘s me. Okay.
Travis: So Griffin—Griffin laughed like some kind of anime character.
Justin: My uh… everybody remembers what my, um, what type of magic I
do, right?
Griffin: Transmutation?
Justin: Thank you. Okay.
Griffin: So you clearly did not.
Justin: At level six, I can spend eight hours creating a Transmuter‘s Stone
that stores transmutation magic. I can benefit from the stone myself or give
it to another creature. This creature gains a benefit of my choice, as long as
the stone is in the creature‘s possession. That includes Darkvision, out to a
range of 60 feet, an increase of speed up to 10 feet, proficiency in
constitution saving throws, resistance to acid, cold, fire, lightning or thunder
damage. And each time—
Griffin: And you can change—
Justin: —I cast a transmutation spell of first level or higher, I can change
the effect of the stone if the stone is on my person.
Griffin: Okay, so cool, you can create a little thing that—
Justin: It‘s like a power gem.
Griffin: Right, you can make a little power gem and then… I—I think the
damage resistance one would probably be helpful if you‘re like in a volcano
fighting fire monsters and you can make yourself resistant to fire damage.
Justin: Right. Exactly.
Griffin: Cool. Nice. So by moving up to level six, you also—your proficiency
bonus is now three also, um, and that‘ll affect stuff across the board. And
you also now can cast third-level spells. And I assume that you get some
new spells that you need to learn and write down? I‘m—
Justin: Yeah, I‘ll do that in my private time.
Griffin: Okay, uh, cool. I think that‘s it for you.
Justin: Whoop!
Clint: Okay, and it says at level—at fifth level, I got destroy undead.
Griffin: Yeah, so that‘s dope! I don‘t think you‘ve had to use this spell yet,
but you have a—you can use an ability called Channel Divinity, which you
can only do a couple times or so per day, and you can channel your divinity
to do something special, particular to your domain.
So I think for like, the nature domain, you can use it to like influence plants
and animals. Or, you can use it to cast this spell called turn undead, which
you cast into a big group of zombies that are shuffling at you, and it makes
them run away, it makes them get away from you. With level five, now that
spell becomes destroy undead, where if it affects any weak undead things –
so, like a Puny Skeleton or a Weak Zombie or something, they are instantly
destroyed. They are instantly killed.
Clint: So that is, that is in my spell list, or is that—
Griffin: No, that is—that is totally separate from your spells. You don‘t burn
a spell slot or anything, channeling divinity. It‘s just something you can do.
It‘s situational, but if you‘re ever in a situation where you guys are being
surrounded by zombies, you cast this spell, and whatever it hits basically it‘s
gonna insta-kill.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: Oh, okay so, starting at level six, you can Channel Divinity twice
per day. And you get a new feature based on your domain, which is the
nature domain. You‘re a big Pan fan.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: So, starting at sixth level, this is a—this is a feature called Dampen
Elements. Starting at sixth level, whenever you or a creature within 30 feet
of you takes acid, cold, fire, lightning or thunder damage, you can use your
reaction to grant resistance to the creature against that instance of the
damage. 
So, you guys are fighting some sort of lightning wizard guy, and he hits
Magnus with lightning magic, you can, as a reaction — which is something
you basically do between turns — you can halve that damage. Or if
somebody gets hit with fire damage, you can halve that damage.
Clint: ―Halve as in cut in half. Not take it on myself.
Griffin: Right, you—you cut the damage in half that anybody takes like
that.
Clint: Alright, and what‘s that called?
Griffin: It‘s called Dampen Elements. So just remember, any time anybody
takes any kind of elemental damage, you can cut it in half, which is pretty
helpful for a cleric.
Clint: Do the hit points change?
Griffin: Yeah, so roll a—roll a d8.
Travis: Do you get any kind of modifier to it?
Griffin: Yeah, plus your constitution modifier. Did you not do that, Juice?
Justin: Uh, no.
Griffin: So add—add your constitution modifier twice to your total HP.
Clint: Okay, so I rolled a seven.
Griffin: Okay, plus your constitution modifier.
Clint: Two.
Griffin: Is two. So that‘s nine. And then do it again.
Clint: Okay. I rolled a five, and a seven.
Griffin: So 16 total gets added to your total.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: I might edit out those rolls. You just got 16 more total hit points.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: You also, last thing, you learn two more nature spells at level five,
which is plant growth and wind wall. I don‘t know what those do, but I‘m
sure you‘ll find a use for them.
Clint: 'Kay.
Griffin: I think that‘s it.
Travis: Yeah.
Clint: So nothing—nothing but hit points goes up? Right?
Griffin: So, right. Travis is the only one who got, at level six, got some
extra ability points. I think you guys get some at level eight.
Clint: Alright.
Travis: But your proficiency bonus went up too.
Griffin: Your proficiency bonus went up.
Travis: Right.
Clint: Right.
Griffin: I‘ll—I‘ll crunch the numbers for you guys.
Clint: Thanks.
Griffin: Yeah. Should be pretty easy. Man, I wish there was a D&D insider
app. Do you think any Wizards of the Coast people listen to our podcast that
can do that shit for us, please?
Clint: All of 'em?
Griffin: Even the Magic the Gathering people?
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: Have you guys listened to our—our Magic the Gathering podcast? It
is… not very good.
Travis: McEl-Magic?
Griffin: McEl-Magic is what it is called, yes, Travis.
Justin: We do not even have a rudimentary grasp of the rules.
Griffin: No.
Travis: No. And Griffin keeps shuffling Pokémon cards into his deck.
Griffin: I tap two swamp energy, and then it‘s Charizard. And the Charizard‘s fighting a Blue Eyes White Dragon. That was
a Yu-Gi-Oh reference. Bye everybody, see you next week. In two weeks.
Clint: Here on Dork Patrol.
Griffin: Thanks for listening to Dork Patrol, see you in two weeks!
Justin: The end of Dork Patrol, we‘re taking our Doritos and going
home. We drunk up all your Mountain Dew, now we‘re headed down the
road. It‘s the end of Dork Patrol!
Griffin: Hateful. Just hateful. A hateful song. Before I let y‘all go, I just wanted to say one more time, thanks to
Nature Box, where you can order hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks.
Go to NatureBox.com/Adventure to sign up for a free sampler box of great
tasting, healthy snacks! We‘ll see you again when the next episode pops up
on July 2nd. Bye, y‘all!

[BAL18]

Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone…
Director: The seekers look out for any information that can aid in the
finding of these Relics, but they are forbidden from claiming them
themselves. That‘s where you come in, the Reclaimers. Your job duties will
just include following up on any promising information that our seekers and
spies find for us. We will send you out on missions and you will do what you
did in Phandalin… ideally, without involving the destruction of an entire city
and the loss of thousands of souls.
Magnus: Well… I mean, ideally, yeah…
Griffin: The three of you can see, in the sky, for just two seconds, the sky
is filled with thousands of bright white eyes.
Clint: Magnus immediately assumes he got a hold of some bad unicorn
dick.
Announcer: Come on in! Come to the place where fun never ends! Come
on in, it‘s time to party with… Garfield and Friends! It‘s The
Adventure Zone!
Griffin: Are you ready to start a new storyline? A new grand adventure.
Justin: Yes, yes.
Clint: A new chapter!
Travis: Please, Griffin, please start. I‘m so hungry for it.
Griffin: In the… in the Blood—in the Blood Eagle saga. Which is what I‘m
calling this, this whole storyline, is the Blood Eagle saga.
Travis: The Blood Eagle sausage.
Griffin: Uh, this Blood Eagle sausage chapter… begins… right… now! The three of you are fighting. You‘re in a fight and you‘re in—
Travis: Like with each other? Like we‘re in a disagreement? Like, ―You
drank my milk! 
Griffin: You‘re in combat.
Clint: Hitting the ground running!
Griffin: No, you are in the icosagon, the training dojo for the Bureau of
Balance and you are squaring off. The three of you are fighting against a
three-strong team of formidable combatants. You‘re fighting against Killian,
you‘re fighting against Avi—
Clint: And Mobius!
Griffin: And you‘re fi—who?
Clint: I‘m sorry.
Justin: I think he meant to say Morpheus.
Griffin: Did you mean Morpheus?
Clint: No, Mobius, as in the guy that invented the strip.
Griffin: The Breathe Right strip.
Travis: And the—and the fight is taking forever. 
Griffin: The fight is going on for long time. You three are fighting against
Avi, Killian, and Robbie. It‘s a friendly sparring match.
Travis: And then we killed Robbie.
Griffin: Well, no, you can‘t kill Robbie. I have big franchise plans for
Robbie. But you are… you are doing some friendly sparring, you‘re doing
some training. Robbie is, is throwing some cocktails at you, Killian is doing
some acrobatic evasion, and firing off some dulled crossbow bolts your way.
Avi seems like he‘s holding back a little bit. Maybe he‘s too nice to actually
do any damage. He‘s too friendly to take an honest-to-god full-force swing
at you.
Justin: You drop us in the middle of the fight—I don‘t know the stakes. Are
there any babes that I‘m trying to impress?
Griffin: Yeah, sorry. Circling the ring, there are dozens of Bureau of
Balance employees that are there to see what these three Reclaimers that
have brought back two Grand Relics, they wanna know what these three
people are capable of. And so, yeah, I guess there are a few women in the
audience, Taako. If, if—
Justin: But, okay, Griffin, there are women in the audience, but are
there bubs?
Griffin: There are no more than four—no less than four behbs, and—but no
less than 16 belbs.
Travis: Oh, I know this one! And one of them has a birthday in May and
only wears red hats—
Justin: Somebody draw me a matrix.
Travis: Okay, I‘ve got this.
Justin: Y‘know, remember, The Matrix starring Mobius?
Clint: Oh, you just sat back and waited for that one didn‘t ya? Just waited.
Justin: Just waited. Step into my web!
Griffin: The fight is interrupted before you can do anything impressive, by
the voice of—
Travis: But I was just about to. I want to let the record show…
Griffin: Yeah, it sure sounds like it. The voice of the Director booms
through the uh, the danger room, and requests your presence in her office
for an urgent matter. Killian says…
Killian: Aw man, I was just about to put the hurt on y‘all. I was just about
to use my limit break. Y‘all don‘t even know what I‘m capable of.
Clint: Wow. She sounds like Holly Hunter.
Travis: She sounds like Griffin.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: She basically sounds like Griffin, yeah.
Griffin: I mean, she was the first voice—she was the first voice I ever did,
so it was—
Travis: Ditto, at this point, are we lining up to high-five and say good game
and stuff?
Griffin: Oh yeah, yeah. It‘s all very, very cordial. There‘s a special Bureau
of Balance handshake that you do, and it‘s basically the handshake, the
secret handshake from Big. That‘s sort of the greeting for members of your
order.
Travis: So when we show up a half hour later to the Director‘s
office she‘s like, ―What were you guys doing? Was it the handshake again?
Ugh! 
Griffin: ―Ugh! Thank you for coming to my— She says, ―Thank you for
coming to my office. Shimmy shimmy cocoa puff. And does the whole thing.
Justin: So, should we go to her, like, office, or whatever?
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re there.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: Whoa! Oh, hey.
Griffin: She is speaking to Davenport, going through some papers when
you enter into her office, and looks up at you with a start as you enter into
her room. And she stands tall with her white oak staff and addresses you
and says…
Director: I have an urgent mission for you. You‘ll need to depart
posthaste—
Magnus: Well, hi. Hello.
Director: Oh, sorry. Hey. Shimmy shimmy cocoa puff, listen to me now—
wait, no that‘s Country Grammar…
Merle: How ya doin‘?
Director: I‘m doing just fine. Uh…
Magnus: Say hello to my fish.
Director: You want me to—
Merle: That‘s Steven.
Director: You want me to addr—oh, look at that. Yes, I see you‘ve got a
little friend there. Does he do anything?
Magnus: He swims around in his tiny ball. And he loves me.
Merle: And right now he‘s doing his trick of swimming upside down on the
surface of the water.
Magnus: Steven is not dead! Steven is eternal.
Merle: He‘s in a sphere! He‘s not in a fishbowl. How do you feed him? How
do you—
Magnus: Steven is eternal!
Merle: 
Director: If you‘re quite done, I have a job for the three of you. It should
be quite, uh, much easier than your last job; although, your last job entailed
you literally going to a train station and getting a thing out of a box…
Magnus: Well, there was a little bit more to it than that.
Travis: I just remembered to do my Magnus voice.
Director: Terrific. I have a job for you. I need the three of you to report to
the city of Goldcliff.
Magnus: Mm-hmm.
Director: Certainly, you‘ve been? Certainly, you‘re familiar with Goldcliff?
Magnus: Very.
Taako: We actually have only been to three places.
Merle: And they‘re no longer there.
Taako: And most of them aren‘t there anymore. 
Director: Goldcliff, certainly, you‘ve heard of. It is the financial seat of
power in all of The Realm. It‘s w—it‘s where the money lives.
Magnus: Of course.
Director: There‘s a Grand Relic one of our seekers have found in the city of
Goldcliff, and it is in the possession of a master criminal known as The
Raven. We‘ve been unable to apprehend The Raven.
Magnus: Ugh, that is so Raven. 
Director: It is…
Merle: First blow! Magnus!
Director: The first, the first of many, I assume. The Raven is named for the
black feathered mask that she wears. You—you will need to apprehend her
and retrieve the relic that she has been utilizing to wreak havoc all around
Goldcliff. This time, I can actually give you some helpful information as to
the nature of this Relic.
Magnus: Sweet. I—is—just out of curiosity, this Raven, is she, like, evil,
chaotic neutral… like, is she kind of a Catwoman-esque figure or…
Justin: I can‘t imagine that people in this universe refer to other people as
chaotic neutral. Like, that cannot be in fiction.
Director: I‘m almost certain that that sort of information—how… how
should I say this—should be developed throughout the course of your story.
Life is like a story, I guess, if you want to think about it like that.
The Relic she has used to up her criminal game is called the Gaia Sash,
which gives the wearer control over nature. It gives them immense control
over the powers of wind and thunder and flora.
Magnus: And heart and fire!
Director: Um… and what makes this so curious is that The Raven has taken
up residence in one of the biggest cities in all the land, and not in the forest,
where she would be a god.
Merle: Hmm.
Taako: Hmm.
Director: She has been impossible to apprehend, thanks to the powers lent
to her by the Gaia Sash. You will need to go to Goldcliff, work with the
Goldcliff Militia to bring The Raven in, and secure the sash while still
acting under the sort of level of discretion that we require from you, without
too many, uh, too many people catching on what you‘re going for.
Taako: That sounds pretty easy. It sounds better than the train.
Magnus: Yeah.
Taako: I mean, it‘s harder because there‘s a whole city… But if we just
work at it, I‘m sure we‘ll figure something out.
Magnus: If we just work together and stay positive!
Taako: Yeah, like he said.
Merle: Guys, we suck. We suck!
Taako: Speak for yourself, homie, I‘m level six.
Magnus: I‘m chaotic good!
Director: I‘ve been very impressed with the three of your job performance,
but you sound—this level of confidence, I‘ve never heard this from you three
before.
Magnus: I think it—a lot of it has to do with, uh… our yearly review is
coming up pretty soon, and we‘re all hoping for a pay bump.
Director: Oh, I see. It‘s like The Secret. You‘re acting confident because
you want money. Which is the—that‘s the secret, right there.
Taako: Law of attraction, y‘know?
Director: One st—one step forward, two steps back. We get
together… She hates cigarettes and I like to smoke. Okay. Let‘s go see, um… do we need any relevant equipment for
this, or should we just like, get moving?
Director: I mean if—that‘s up to you, homie.
Taako: Got any leads?
Director: We have a seeker on the ground that you can get more
information from, that you‘ll need to regroup with. He‘s also acting
discreetly, because his position is fairly high up, and he doesn‘t want
anybody knowing he works for a shadowy cabal like ourselves.
Taako: Does he—is he with the militia? Do we have a way to get in contact
with him?
Director: I‘m sure you‘ll figure that out.
Magnus: How ‘bout a name? Can we have a name?
Taako: Something? You‘ve met us, right? Like, you‘ve met us? Right?
Director: Uh…
Justin: On this week‘s Adventure Zone, the third one in this series, they‘re
still looking for the guy! Also—
Director: He‘s the captain of the Goldcliff Militia. His name is—his name is
Captain Bane.
Taako: There we go.
Magnus: Is ―Captain his first name?
Director: Captain Captain Bane, yes, it‘s—
Clint: I am a captain!
Griffin: Who was that?
Clint: That was Bane. Sorry.
Travis: We‘ll work on it later.
Clint: Why don‘t you call him Captain Benny? 'Cause I do a great Jack
Benny.
Griffin: I mean, I‘m naming it after a real person, so I can‘t just change the
real person‘s—
Clint: You know a real person named Bane?
Griffin: Yeah. I don‘t know him. He‘s on Twitter. He listens to the show.
Is—are you new?
Travis: Not anymore!
Clint: That‘s not his name, is it?
Justin: That‘s probably not his Christian name. Listen, uh…
Taako: We‘re gonna get going, okay? Unless you have anything else to
impart. Any other leads, hot leads…
Magnus: Any road snacks.
Director: Yes.
Taako: Yeah, got any road snacks?
Director: I‘ve brewed you up a phial of GORP, and I think you‘re gonna
love my special blend. Do you wanna know the secret?
Merle: Mm… love?
Taako: Don‘t, don‘t say raisins.
Director: It‘s not raisins. Those are a shoe-in for GORP; I think that‘s what
the R in GORP stands for. No, my secret…
Griffin: She says…
Director: Come in, lean in close.
Justin: I lean in close.
Travis: I lean in far away.
Director: Pistachios.
Griffin: She says.
Merle: Shelled?
Director: Yes, I leave the shells on them. Gives you stronger, sturdier
teeth. Now get the hell out of my office.
Magnus: You‘re a loose cannon!
Taako: Are you saying to me right now you made GORP-P?
Director: I made GOR—I actually call it PGORP. Please leave. You have
stuff to do.
Clint: Leave your badge and gun.
Taako: GPORP.
Director: You don‘t have guns. Please go. Please go, you‘re going to lose
the trail.
Taako: Do we need to go see Avi?
Griffin: Yeah, you go see Avi at the launch pad. He‘s still a little sweaty
from his workout, he‘s wearing uh, he‘s wearing a tank top and just get—
Merle: Hey, did you like it when we kicked your ass down at the omagabraga-maga-fran?
Griffin: The what?
Taako: The… omega…
Merle: The omaga-braga-splaga-fran.
Taako: The omega sphere?
Griffin: If any one of the three of you can tell me what a 20-sided shape is
called, I will mail you a check for 200 dollars.
Clint: Round.
Justin: Uh… a…
Griffin: Alright, that‘s fine.
Justin: Dodecahedron?
Griffin: Nope, that‘s a 12-sided shape, but thanks for playing.
Avi: Oh, are you talking about the icosaho—
Griffin: I—oh, shit, I can‘t even do it.
Travis: Oh! Do you know?
Avi: Are you talking about the icosagon? Yeah, uh, I don‘t think that fight—
I think you‘re misremembering it. I got in quite a few good blows on you
guys! I love you guys though, you—
Magnus: Listen, we don‘t wanna talk about who blew who. We gotta go!
Avi: Oh, I see what—you‘re taking—you turned my words on me. You got
me again!
Taako: It‘s classic. Can we go?
Merle: Classic Magnus!
Magnus: Can we please start an adventure now?
Avi: Yeah, hop in. Hop into the fun ball.
Griffin: He says.
Taako: Isn‘t there some sort of anti-nausea medication that we‘ve received
before, or am I misremembering that?
Magnus: Okay, bye! Launch!
Griffin: What are you talking—you want some fantasy dramamine? You‘re
worried I‘m gonna ca—inflict—
Justin: I need a dram of dramamine.
Clint: It‘s dragamine! It‘s a dram of dragamine.
Griffin: Okay, here‘s a dram of dram—he says…
Avi: Oh yeah, happens to the best of us, buddy, don‘t even worry about it.
Griffin: Uh, he says.
Justin: Oh, y‘know what I think I‘m thinking about? The last time we did
this, Travis was high.
Travis: I was drunk, thank you very much.
Clint: He was drunk.
Justin: Drunk, okay.
Clint: He does have his mug, y‘know. He could be like Mr. T on The A
Team. He can‘t fly unless he‘s medicated.
Griffin: Avi pulls a flask out of his jacket and he says, uh…
Avi: Actually, if you guys remember, I keep this on hand for when new
folks show up, if they are having trouble getting acclimated. Give 'em a li‘l
nip of hooch. So if you guys want a nip of hooch to help you on the way
down, uh, that‘s fine.
Justin: Oh, we‘ve been down this road.
Avi: But I‘m worried—I‘m worried if you make it a habit, then it‘s a
problem.
Taako: They should come up with a name for that, making a habit out of
drinking.
Avi: So, why don‘t you guys hop right in that fun ball and I‘ll get you going.
Justin: I do that.
Travis: We do that.
Clint: I do that.
Griffin: I‘m gonna get T-shirts printed that just say ―I do that. Okay, he shuts the door to the glass cannonball. … And it depressurizes and you die, I guess? Oh, no, it re—it has re-pressurized. Now it‘s at about half pressure so you‘re j— Now the ball is breathing?
Justin: Oh my god, it‘s sentient!
Griffin: You‘re inside of the living glass ball! No, it‘s not living. You get
inside, it rolls down a chute into the cannon chamber, and you hear the
muffled voice of Avi from outside yell…
Avi: Good luck! Uh, have a good t—have a good time down there on the b—
in the… world.
Griffin: And with a start, you are fired off! This time, in a totally different
direction than the direction you went towards Rockport on your last
adventure. This time, you‘re flying east. I think you went west last time. And
you‘re flying through the sky. One of you is at the tiller, I‘m guessing. The
till? What‘s it called? The thing. The handle? For flight!
Clint: The steering mechanism.
Griffin: The steer—well, it‘s more of a brake. You‘re not—you‘re not really
flying this thing, but you can slow its descent by pulling this lever.
Clint: I‘m not touching it. Last time I did, we crashed in a swamp.
Justin: That‘s true.
Griffin: Last time, you destroyed some unicorns, if memory serves. And
those are endangered, and you were billed. You were fined heavily for that.
So you‘re flying down for a few minutes before you part through the clouds,
you pass through the cloud layer. And this trip down is the most scenic one
you‘ve taken yet, largely in part of the—to the natural beauty of Goldcliff.
It‘s, as its name suggests, it‘s situated on the edge of a cliff, and it‘s sort of
carved out of this bleak landscape by these two wide, crystal blue… crystal
clear… Crystal Gayle rivers.
Clint: Don‘t it make my brown water blue…
Travis: That‘s icky.
Griffin: Gross. And so uh… so it‘s surrounded by these rivers, and they sort
of split at the end of the city and surround it, and then, just flow freely over
the cliff, forming these two large, breathtaking waterfalls.
The city itself is largely comprised of these towering buildings that are kind
of shimmering in the unrelenting sun in this sort of desert-like area around
this oasis. And despite the fact that the land outside the rivers is sort of a
bleak wasteland, the city itself is kind of lush and green.
Outside of those rivers, it‘s sort of just this blasted, featureless land, which
sort of makes the city itself look all that more impressive. In that wasteland,
outside of the city limits of Goldcliff, you see something peculiar. You see
these long lines of dust clouds, and they‘re just carving a straight path
through this bleak scenery.
And as you watch them, and you get a little bit lower to the ground, you
realize they‘re actually extending and following a path that is marked by
these large pylons, these large black pylons. And as you get even closer, you
realize that the clouds are being whipped up by wagons that are speeding
through the wasteland, and you see some occasional bright flashes of light
moving between the wagons.
Justin: They‘re heading towards the city or away?
Clint: Yeah, towards or away?
Griffin: They're not even heading towards or away from the city. They‘re
almost circling the city. They‘re pretty far away. It doesn‘t look—this is not—
nobody‘s mounting an assault on Goldcliff. You see these lines just sort of
racing out in the desert.
Clint: Is it a race?
Travis: Good question.
Griffin: From—with the untrained eye—with your six untrained eyes – eight
if you count the goldfish – it kind of looks like it a little bit.
Clint: Hmm.
Travis: Hmm.
Griffin: But you pass over, uh, you pass over that scene and you are
finishing your final descent into Goldcliff.
Justin: I‘ll start pulling the brake.
Griffin: Okay. You pull the brake and uh, your descent begins to slow,
giving you a closer vantage point of appreciating the city. And you are just
gob smacked by the largest building in town, which is this 20-story-tall
golden tower with a sort of gaudy golden statue on top of it, holding a
wreath emblazoned with the words, 'Goldcliff Trust.‘
Clint: Is it made out of gold?
Griffin: It‘s all gold.
Justin: Is it gold? I love gold.
Griffin: It‘s—a lot of this stuff is very, very gold. And as you are trying to
figure out how much you could hawk a statue of that size for, you realize
that this building is actually slowly being swallowed up by these gigantic,
thorny vines that are growing out of the ground at the bottom of the
building.
And there‘s a lot of activity just in front of the building, with like dozens and
dozens of… you can make out some, some people and some wagons just
sort of surrounding the entrance to the Goldcliff Trust that‘s being enveloped
in these vines.
Clint: How high up are they?
Griffin: They are climbing up. I mean, they are about halfway up the
structure at, at this point.
Travis: Now, Griffin, should we assume that these might be relevant to the
story?
Griffin: No. Okay. So you land, and then you are, you‘re—you land, and then
you go to Mark‘s house —and you just kick it there for a while, and he‘s like, ―What do you
need? Grand Relic? Gaia Sash? I got that for you right here. See you later,
dawgs. And—
Clint: Alright, let‘s level up!
Griffin: The end, time to level up. You guys are level eight now.
Justin: Another great adventure!
Griffin: Your sphere comes, uh, lands with a thud in an alleyway just about
a quarter mile away from the Goldcliff Trust. And as you emerge from it and
look around, you realize that nobody has really seen—taken any notice of
your entrance into the city. And as you exit, the door automatically shuts
behind you, a balloon pops out of the top of the ball, and your vehicle floats
away.
Taako: My wallet!
Merle: I left my Kindle in the seatback!
Magnus: We all left shit.
Justin: Dad‘s—dad‘s third Kindle. Lost another one.
Griffin: You left your Zune charger in there and now it‘s as good as dead.
See, that‘s a real—
Clint: You talked me into buying that Zune!
Griffin: Well, listen, it was 2006. I said a lot of shit back then.
Clint: Good point.
Justin: What do we see immediately in front of us?
Griffin: You see a couple of vagrants. They‘re in some shabby, sort of
makeshift dwellings in this alley. There are some kids playing—playing
hoop—hoop and stick.
Justin: Where are we in relation to the trust?
Griffin: You‘re pretty close to it. It‘s uh, it‘s around the corner.
Travis: Well, now, hold on, I wanna hear more about these vagrant kids.
Justin: That seemed like a promising thread.
Travis: Did they seem to like… like, love is the true value kind of thing, like
they‘re poor but they‘re happy?
Griffin: Yeah, like, they get—this is a very one percent town, um, and
these vagrant kids are also in the one percent, but on the other end. But 
they are just so—they have found a fulfillment with this hoop and stick that
all of the tea in China couldn‘t make you happy, and so, I guess the moral of
the story is… love was the real treasure all along, and—
Justin: I‘m like, I‘m like, already at the building. I‘m like, I‘m there.
Travis: So, Ditto, at the Fantasy Costco, I bought the Lens of Straight
Creepin‘, which, uh, when looked through, highlights the footprints, tracks,
or markings of any person or thing that traveled through the area recently.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I think that‘s gonna come in handy finding The Raven.
Griffin: I mean, you can use it right now and see if you can pick up on The
Raven‘s tracks.
Travis: Okay, I use the Lens of Straight Creepin‘.
Griffin: Okay, all you see are straight line tracks, and you try to deduce
exactly what these could possibly be, and you realize… it‘s a ring! It‘s a ring
and stick. It‘s from the ring. And these kids have been playing ring and stick
for a long time.
Travis: Oh. No, see, I didn‘t use it. That was a trick. I can‘t believe you fell
for that.
Griffin: It‘s all hoop tracks. And—but god, there‘s so many hoop tracks,
you think these kids must have been playing hoop and stick for like a
thousand years.
Justin: Okay, I‘ve been at the building for like five minutes. What‘s
happened to me since then?
Griffin: Uh, you are at the—are you all at the Goldcliff Trust?
Travis: Yes.
Clint: Yes.
Griffin: You‘re at the Goldcliff Trust. There are some police wagons…
sorry, militia wagons. You understand when I‘m saying ―militia, I‘m talking
about fantasy police, right?
Justin: Yeah. You can just say ―police. 
Griffin: We got a few fantasy police in our—in our listenership who are like,
―Mm, elevators? I don‘t think so! 
Justin: ―I noticed that you used this one skill when I was… farting in my
hand and smelling it. Get outta here. Doofus.
Clint: We love you guys.
Travis: We love 99% of you.
Griffin: Just not you hand-sniffers.
Travis: Not you hand-sniffers.
Griffin: Uh, there are a few militia wagons surrounding the entrance to the
building. There—the building is now almost completely enveloped in these
vines. And uh, the vines have also started to sort of spread, almost like
carpeting the street around the Goldcliff Trust, and so, these militia people
are giving it a pretty wide berth.
There‘s about a dozen or so militia folks surrounding the entrance to this
building, and in the back of the crowd, near a particularly large wagon is a,
uh, broad, mustachioed man in his late 60s, you would think, who is yelling
gruff orders at his, uh, at his underlings.
Travis: Is he bigger or smaller than Magnus?
Griffin: He‘s big. He‘s brick-shithouse big, and you are like a… I don't
know, like an oak shithouse. And that‘s not a—
Travis: Mm-hmm. The rustic value is very charming.
Griffin: Yeah, for sure. But it‘s not advisable because it soaks up the…
smell.
Justin: I wander over to him.
Taako: Hail and well met and stuff. Uh, I‘m Taako and we‘re from, well,
you know…
Justin: And I wink seven times.
Gruff Man: Hold on, shit, stop. Hold on, wait, wait, wait. Barry! Get, get
Private Barry out of the vines! Oh my god.
Travis: Wait, wait, did you tell Barry to get Barry out of the vines?
Gruff Man: Listen—
Travis: Barry H.!
Gruff Man: Sergeant Barry, get Private Barry out of those vines! He‘s
getting all swallow—
Clint: B-A-R-R-Y and B-E-R-R-Y.
Travis: Ahh.
Gruff Man: Sorry, what were you saying? I—my Sergeant Detective
Strawberry… he‘s got a lot of different titles. Who the hell are you three?
What are you doing? I‘m busy here.
Taako: Are, are you Bane?
Bane: Yeah I‘m Captain Captain Bane. What of it?
Magnus: We‘re, we‘re from the wink and the nudge sent us. Hm? Hm?
Clint: And we‘re wiggling our eyebrows.
Travis: And leaning in suggestively.
Taako: Let‘s put it this way… You can understand us when we say the
words ―Voidfish. 
Bane: Yep. Yep, that does it. Good stuff, good stuff. Let me see your arms though.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: I flex.
Bane: No, not—
Magnus: What do you think?
Justin: I hold out the arm that—I hold out the arm that doesn‘t have a
bracer on it.
Bane: Okay—
Clint: I hold out my leg.
Taako: Check out that meat.
Bane: And it looks like you‘ve got an ankle monitor on it there, dwarf man.
What‘s that all about? Anyway, alright, you seem like trustworthy folks.
Taako: Can I just compliment you on your judge of character?
Magnus: You‘re a great police captain guy.
Taako: Good policing, captain.
Magnus: So what are we looking at here? What‘s—what‘s the, what‘s the
sitch?
Bane: Listen, I‘m more big picture, kind of, uh, y‘know, direction. A lot of
producer… credits… on this.
Magnus: Listen, we‘re not hiring. What‘s the situation here?
Bane: I mean we, we are co-workers already, so…
Magnus: I guess that‘s true.
Bane: Here‘s the situation. The Raven is in the building, I‘m guessing
stealing all the gold. I‘m just gonna go out on a limb. There‘s a lot of, uh, a
lot of people‘s finances are all tied up in the Goldcliff Trust, and so… she‘s in
there. We managed to evacuate a lot of the building, but as you can see,
we‘re having trouble gaining access to it ‘cause of—what on account of the
vines.
Taako: Do you think… do you want us to go in and get her?
Bane: That would be ter—that would—can I tell you something? That would
be terrific.
Taako: Let me ask you this follow-up—
Bane: Hit me.
Taako: Do you think we‘re high enough level to do that? I don't know how
high level those vines are.
Magnus: We‘re only six. Does that sound good, sound bad?
Taako: We are si—we‘re this many.
Bane: You‘re six? I‘m about to send three 6-year-olds into a building?
Magnus: Well, we‘ve seen a lot of shit. We‘re 6-year-olds who have been
around the block, y‘know what I mean? Like, this isn‘t our first rodeo. It‘s
our second.
Bane: I‘m familiar with your rodeos. You guys are legends.
Magnus: Wow.
Merle: Ahh…
Taako: Go on.
Magnus: Say hello to my fish.
Bane: You‘re legends in some small circles. I host a podcast—a fancast
about you guys.
Taako: Oh. Okay, a narrow, narrow but impactful fan base. I‘m into it.
Well, listen, we‘re about to turn this shit into our hidden temple, we‘re wan—
these legends are wandering right in there.
Magnus: How many uh, how many civilians are left in the building?
Bane: We uh, we think we cleared them all out.
Merle: Oh, too bad. We‘re pretty good at offing civilians.
Magnus: Yeah.
Bane: I gotta say, that‘s an upsetting thing to hear. I‘m an officer of the
law, I…
Magnus: Well, they usually turn out to have been bad in the first place. But
we don‘t know that when we do it.
Taako: Through pure, stupid luck.
Justin: Griffin, when I look at the building, do I see an entrance on a level
we would be able to get into? Have the vines like, made, made egress—and
ingress—impossible?
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: So, the vines are not completely covering every single square inch
of the building, but they are completely wrapped around. So you can make
out sort of where the entrance of the building is. It‘s right in front of you.
They are parked out in front of the main entrance of the Goldcliff Trust. But
yeah, you get the impression that these vines are going to make getting into
the front door pretty tricky.
Travis: I run up and start blithely attacking them. Just hackin‘ and slashin‘.
Giving it a couple chops of the ol‘ axe.
Griffin: Captain Captain Bane yells…
Bane: Well, okay, see you later. Boy, you guys sure are rude at ending
conversations.
Travis: Oh, no, I‘m still talking to him. I didn‘t stop the conversation.
Griffin: Okay, you‘re a good, you‘re a good 60 feet from the entrance of
the… of the building…
Travis: I‘m at the building.
Merle: Then let me point out, Captain Captain—
Bane: Please, call me Captain.
Merle: Captain, um—
Bane: Just one. If you just call me one, I assume you‘re just using my first
name.
Merle: Okay, One, uh… Magnus and I kinda have the gruff voice thing kinda
staked out, so… if you could kinda change that…
Bane: Do you—sorry, do you wanna have a gruff-off?
Merle: Oh yeah, let‘s roll gruff!
Bane: Okay, Taako, you‘re the only non-gruff individual here. I want you to
give me a word.
Taako: Don‘t have to make a big federal case out of it…
Bane: And then we‘re gonna go around in a triangle and say the word and
see who does the gruffest job with it.
Merle:Yeah! Bring it! Bring it, copper!
Taako: Okay, your phrase is ―Taako rules. 
Magnus: I feel like I‘m really making some progress!
Bane: Taco rules.
Taako: No, try again!
Merle: He only gets one shot at it!
Taako: Okay, you just—
Bane: No, you‘re right. I fucked up. You‘re right, I had one chance and I
fucked it right up.
Taako: You‘re gonna have to change it—well, let me hear the other two and
I‘ll be the final judge—
Merle: Taako rules.
Bane: What the hell?!
Merle: Yeah, that‘s gruff, baby!
Justin: Oh, oh no, Lobo ate my dad.
Magnus: I could really use some help over here with the vines!
Griffin: Magnus is over there getting David Alan Grier‘d in Jumanji.
Justin: Why did he rush in? Oh. Well, stupid me.
Clint: Yeah…
Griffin: Hey everyone, this is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master and
your best friend. How are you doin‘? You doin‘ okay? Thanks for listening to
episode 18 of The Adventure Zone, the first part of a story arc that I just for
the life of me cannot come up with a name for. But hopefully, by the time 
this is published, I will have a name for it, and it'll be really clever and you'll
read it and just get really hypey about hearing the rest of it.
The Adventure Zone is sponsored in part this week by One Month. One
Month is an online service you can use to learn how to code, which is
basically the only thing that you're gonna need to know in the future when
we all subsist on protein slurries and gamma food. That‘s food that is shot
into your body with radiation.
One Month students learn to code by building real websites and apps,
growth hacking their businesses and websites and building payment systems
and security solutions. Their courses are the easiest way to learn new tech
skills, and it only takes 15 minutes a day for 30 days. Hence the name, One
Month.
You can enroll now at OneMonth.com/AdventureZone. Now, enrollment is
typically $99, but if you join now using that URL, you will receive your first
month for 25% off. Again, that is OneMonth.com/AdventureZone.
We‘re also sponsored in part this week by Casper. Casper makes super
comfy mattresses that they send directly to your house, and then you can
sleep on them. Travis sleeps on one, and he sure does… Travis sleeps on
one, and I haven‘t heard any complaints. Nay! Nay, I tell you! I have heard
nothing but non-complaints. Anti-complaints. Whatever the opposite of those
are. Celebrations.
Casper is an online retailer of premium, obsessively engineered mattresses
that you can get for a fraction of the price of a non-Casper mattress. They
have a risk-free trial and return policy. You can try sleeping on a Casper
mattress for one hundred days with free delivery and painless returns.
Adventure Zone listeners can get $50 towards any mattress purchase. You
can go to Casper.com/Adventure and use the promo code 'Adventure‘ at
check out. Now, terms and conditions do apply, so I don't know what that
means, but stay frosty out there.
Got a personal message here from one listener to another, or maybe one
listener to… a non-listener, in which case, they're just kind of shouting into
the void. If you want to shout into the void, you can go to
MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron, and that‘ll tell you how to get a personal
message on the show.
This message is for Lindsay Iserman, and it‘s from Arthur. And Arthur says,
―Happy birthday to the only person that could talk me into listening to a D&D
podcast! Now a romantic evening means a bottle of wine, a synth-heavy
score, and the sultry voice of that sweet, sweet dungeon master. Love you,
sweets. Not sure if that last part is directed at me or not. But… just in case
it is… I love you too. 
One last message here, a commercial message, which you can also pick up
at MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron for your small business or your creative
works. I want you to go check out ElderwoodBoxes.com. Elderwood Boxes
makes pocket-sized, artistic, wooden boxes to transport your Dungeons &
Dragons dice in style.
They personally select the finest woods to hand-craft pocket-sized dice
boxes with a unique, hexagonal look. With literally thousands of
combinations of engraved art and wood type, no two boxes are the same. If
wood carving, dice, and Dungeons & Dragons is your thing… and it is… go
check us out at ElderwoodBoxes.com, and customize the right box for you.
P.S. We miss Barry Bluejeans.
We all miss Barry Bluejeans. He was a beloved character that appeared in
like, two episodes, and then he died. It was the name, wasn‘t it? I kind of—
it‘s like, the best name, and I just sort of… wasted it on a… on a red shirt.
Hey, if you could do us a favor and maybe tell a friend about The Adventure
Zone, we sure would appreciate it. We don‘t market or advertise the show in
any way. We rely entirely on word of mouth. We just made, about a month
or so ago, we made episode one point five, which is the super pared down
version of our pilot episode that just gets to the story stuff and the chuckles
that is a way easier way to onboard people onto the show.
So yeah, even if your friends maybe aren't big D&D fans, like—we weren‘t
either before we started doing the show, so… Uh, if you could just try and
spread the word, we would really appreciate it. Leave a review on iTunes
and do all that good stuff. We thank you. Thank you.
Also, go listen to the other shows on the Maximum Fun network. There‘s a
ton of really, really good shows on there like Pop Rocket, Jordan, Jesse, Go!,
Judge John Hodgman. We do other shows on the network like My Brother,
My Brother, and Me, Sawbones, and Bunker Buddies.
Justin does a YouTube show called Things I Bought at Sheetz, and Travis
does a podcast with his buddy Brent called Trends Like These. We got our
fingers in a lot of pies, but there's infinity pies at MaximumFun.org. Go check
'em out. They're all free. Free pie. You're gonna love 'em.
Also, last thing – if you want to get on the show, be a character on the
show, uh, just tweet about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag, and
you might end up in the show, much like Captain Bane, who is named after
Vinton Bane, who is @FleshEater on Twitter. Got a few more characters. Uh,
few more open spots for this story arc, so get those toots in now.
Alright, I'm gonna let you get back to the show. Thank you all very much for
listening. I really do appreciate it. Uh, I'm excited to start a new story arc.
I'm excited for the 4th of July. Um, that‘s neither here nor there. Uh, next
episode‘s gonna go up on July 16th, so I'll talk to you then!
Justin: Okay, so what—what is Magnus actually doing, Magnus?
Griffin: Um, Magnus said he was hacking at the vines.
Travis: And slashing.
Griffin: Oh, okay, well, that was—you solved my puzzle, because slashing
was the real secret.
Travis: I‘m just trying to do my best here, Griffin, y‘know what I mean?
Every day.
Griffin: As you are hacking and slashing at these vines, I‘m guessing using
Railsplitter?
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: You are managing to get some… get some meat off the bone…
plant—plant meat?
Justin: You should be able to cut through any of them, right? Instantly.
Clint: Well, they‘re not necessarily just a tree.
Justin: That‘s true.
Travis: And not until I push the button on the handle.
Griffin: I-Is there a button the—okay. Uh, no it‘s just trees only, and you
can only do that once per day. Um, so… or else Magnus could singlehandedly deforest the entire planet. 
Clint: I have a spell called blight.
Griffin: What‘s that do?
Clint: It‘s a necromantic energy that washes over a creature of your choice,
but it can also be used on a plant creature or magical plant.
Justin: That is—this is fourth level in necromancy. You aren‘t level four.
You can‘t do level four spells.
Clint: Oh… I know! I was just saying that, eventually, I'll be able to cast it.
Justin: Eventually, he‘ll be able to cast blight!
Travis: Wouldn‘t that be cool, you guys? Anyway, back to reality.
Clint: So if you can stall—if he can stall…
Justin: Let Dad squash some bugs.
Griffin: Let Dad, let Dad run outta town and go kill some level one goblins…
Clint: Yeah, I‘m gonna go grind. I‘m gonna go grind, and then I‘ll come
back.
Travis: He‘s gonna go take out some kobolds.
Justin: Dad‘s gonna buy, with microtransactions, another level.
Griffin: Gonna pick up and turn in some crushbone belts. That was the nerdiest reference I‘ve done on the show
so far, and this is a Dungeons & Dragons podcast.
As you cut them down with Railsplitter, which Magnus has been doing
fruitlessly now for like, 10 minutes. You‘re knocking some plant matter,
you‘re knocking some meat off of these vines, but they are re-growing back
in just as fast as you can cut them, even thicker than they were before.
Justin: 
Clint: I, uh… no, can‘t do that…
Travis: Oh, wait, no, I've got this.
Magnus: Vines, vines, go away. Please let me through… I can‘t think of a
rhyme.
Griffin: The vines part. And—nope. They do not.
Clint: I have channel divinity, charm animals and plants… If I present my
holy symbol – which I think you all know, I have my Extreme Teen Bible –
then invoke the name of my deity, which I‘m sure you remember is Pan…
Griffin: Did you pick Pan just because it was the shortest and easiest to
remember?
Clint: Oh yeah, yeah.
Griffin: Do you even remember the name of the deity you had before Pan?
Clint: Of course I do, Griffin. Malodorous… something or other. ―Each beast
or plant creature that can see you within 30 feet of you must make a
wisdom saving throw. If the creature fails its saving throw, it‘s charmed by
me for one minute. And while it is charmed, it is friendly to you and other
creatures you designate. 
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: So, I could actually ask it to part, right?
Griffin: Yeah, I mean you are—you can command it. Um, I‘m not gonna
make a saving throw for a vine, 'cause…
Travis: Does Steven need to make a saving throw?
Griffin: Yes, Steven actually does need to make a saving throw.
Travis: Okay. He rolled a 13. I don‘t know if he has any plusses…
Griffin: I think I would do it, but that‘s fine, 13 is not—so, right now, Merle
has command over your goldfish, and I don‘t even know—I don‘t even know
what that means! I don‘t know what that means in the context of the game,
the context of the story. I don‘t know what that means.
Clint: I could make it poop.
Griffin: It does. It poops in the ball, and then the poop immediately
dissolves in the water, so stop asking me how—where the poop goes. There
were a lot of tweets last week, ―How does it poop? It just—the, the water is
magic—
Travis: It‘s a magic fucking fish.
Griffin: It‘s a magic ball and it dissolves poop and it turns the poop back
into air, okay?
Clint: Wow. You gotta back off that T-level medicine, it‘s really making you
anxious.
Griffin: You‘re right, I‘m sorry.
Clint: Alright, so what do I roll?
Griffin: You don‘t. You just talk dirty to these plants.
Merle: Hey, baby, I love your tendrils.
Griffin: 
Justin: Grossarooni.
Merle: Lemme see your pistils and stamen.
Justin: Grossarooni! I‘m two feet from you!
Griffin: Oh, man.
Clint: You started it, McElroy!
Justin: My knee is basically touching your knee, please don‘t do this
anymore.
Clint: I didn‘t move!
Griffin: The vines enveloping the front door begin to flower and bloom.
Justin: I die.
Travis: And jerk it.
Clint: Which ought to be a lot easier to cut.
Justin: I die in fiction. And remove my headphones. And go to Gino‘s Pizza
Pub and Family Fun Center.
Clint: Ooh, onion rings!
Justin: And play skee ball for two hours.
Clint: Bring back onion rings!
Justin: I will. Will do.
Griffin: The flowers start to wilt and kinda fade…
Merle: Hey there, vines…
Justin: Can I leave?
Merle: Y‘know what? My buddies over here are gonna sing a little, uh, sexy
music.
Magnus: No, we‘re not—
Merle: Sing some—help—come on! Sing something!
Magnus: No—they‘ve already parted, you pervert.
Griffin: Oh, oh, wait! But the vines, the vines begin to flower sort of
curiously…
Merle: Uh-huh, see? Come on! Come on, sing something!
Taako: Let‘s… let‘s bloom together…
Merle: Oh yeah… y‘know what? I'm lookin‘ at you, vine.
Magnus: Here is my penis…
Merle: I got here a few minutes ago, and I cannot take my eyes off of you.
I looked at you across the square—
Travis: Eww!
Merle: Sixty feet away, and I said, ―Do not be choppin‘ on this baby! 
Travis: Ewww!
Griffin: 
Merle: ―Look at that sweet, sweet pollen sac! C‘mon, let‘s go over there. 
So, uh, anyway, y'know, it‘d be really, really good if you would, like, spread
your vines…
Travis: Ewww!
Justin: I can‘t— I just wanna die! Is this ASMR?
Travis: This is the worst!
Merle: And, uh, and open up and let us… walk in through your door, if you
know what I‘m talking about…
Griffin: The vines, the vi—
Justin: Statistically speaking, at least one of our listeners has just
discovered that they are in possession of the world‘s worst fetish.
Griffin: The vines, uh, flower. The flowers—there‘s a jubilant puff of
honeysuckle dew, and the—
Clint: Ewww.
Travis: Oh, now you‘re grossed out.
Griffin: —the vines part, allowing you entrance into the building, and I
think I just described a plant orgasm.
Travis: Yep.
Clint: And I hold my thumb and little finger up in the universal symbol of
―I‘ll call you. 
Griffin: Okay, and this has been Fifty Shades of Green, starring
four idiots.
Justin: I-I am in the door.
Travis: Oh, I‘ve already left.
Clint: I wink at the vines and I go in.
Griffin: The vines wink back, which is weird.
Merle: Mm-hmm…
Justin: That was very unpleasant.
Merle: Yep. Once you‘ve been cultivated by Merle, you‘ve been cultivated
for life.
Travis: Oh. No. No. Nope. Nopenopenopenopenopenope.
Griffin: As you enter in the door, one of the vines rears back and just whips
your butt, just like wa-pow.
Merle: Thank you!
Griffin: The vine shuts the door behind you.
Justin: Hey, if you‘re thinking of making some fan art for that last scene… dooon‘t.
Clint: Please do.
Justin: Please don‘t.
Griffin: You, uh… the three of you are standing—
Clint: Please do.
Griffin: —in the posh lobby of the Goldcliff Trust. There is a regal carpet
that you‘re standing on as you enter in, uh, atop a marble floor. Jutting out
of it are these massive white columns that are surrounding this grand
fountain in the center of the room. And in that fountain, there‘s something
that looks like a gigantic tree that is growing out of it sort of unnaturally.
And you get the impression that that tree wasn‘t there before, because it
has sort of displaced a lot of the water from this fountain, so the floor is a
little bit wet. Some of the vines have started to like, creep in through the
foundation of the, of the building, but not very many. Other than the tree,
this foyer is sort of still in its undisturbed, lovely state.
Justin: Do we hear anything?
Griffin: You hear a—it‘s funny you ask that, Justin. There is a shrill alarm
that is causing—
Clint: I just heard it.
Griffin: Yeah, that was crazy. There is an alarm that is piercing the
silence… that‘s not there, because of the alarm in the room. The alarm is
ringing out, unanswered.
Justin: Real vivid word picture of just, there‘s an alarm.
Griffin: There‘s an alarm. And the alarm, if there was silence, would be
ruining it, is basically what I just said.
Justin: So you‘re saying there‘s not not silence.
Griffin: That‘s exactly what I‘m saying.
Travis: There is the absence of silence.
Griffin: Uh, it‘s loud. It‘s a loud room, because of this alarm that‘s going
off, but nobody seems to be doing anything about it.
Justin: Wait, if there‘s an alarm going off, how is it silent?
Travis: Oh, good question, Justin!
Griffin: So uh, on the far end of the room, behind the fountain, from where
you‘re standing, are a row of booths, like uh…
Justin: Teller booths?
Griffin: Yeah, teller booths. A row of booths there, with a pretty secure
door dividing the main lobby from them. And then, on the left side of the
room from where you‘re standing, are a few doors.
Travis: Griffin, does the tree—is the tree doing anything other than—like, is
it going up through the roof, or is there anything on it? Does it seem to have
a purpose aside from just being a tree in a room?
Clint: Is it checking out my ass? Anything like that?
Griffin: Strictly platonic from this point on.
Justin: I can‘t—please. Please.
Clint: Do I have time to smoke a cigarette?
Griffin: You absolutely do not. Um. You could make a check,
Trav.
Travis: Yes, I would like to do that, please. Is that perception?
Griffin: Probably investigation.
Travis: Investigation… Yeah, I rolled a 17.
Griffin: Okay. You don‘t notice any sort of obvious, like, movement or
anything from the tree, but it‘s—some of its leaves are falling off, which is
curious, because there‘s not, like, a breeze in here. There‘s not like a stiff
breeze, you‘re indoors. But this tree is shedding some of its leaves.
Travis: Hmm…
Justin: He‘s really deciding whether or not he wants to use that ‘ol—
Travis: That is correct.
Justin: Okay. Is the tree blocking our way to anything?
Griffin: No, it is—you are about 40 feet away from it, and it‘s sort of in the
center of the room. The only obvious exits are those doors to the left side of
the room.
Clint: Is it climbable?
Griffin: The tree?
Clint: Yes.
Griffin: I mean, it‘s a tree, so it‘s as climbable as trees get.
Travis: Okay, now I would like to use the Lens of Straight Creeping now.
Griffin: You look straight down. You are basically standing right in front of
the entrance. And you use the Lens of Straight Creepin‘. You see a lot of
footprints moving out of the building, originating from all around this room,
probably the evacuees of this building.
But you detect one pair of footprints that is really curious, because they start
right there at the front door, and then they vanish for like… a good 15 feet, 
and then they reappear, and then they vanish again for another 15 feet,
and, and so on and so forth.
Yeah, it is not the usual sort of footprint pattern that people leave. Pretty
cool sentence. And they lead directly to the middle of the room, into the
fountain, and then, they lead to the left side of the room through one of the
doors over there.
Travis: Wait. Before we head through the door, is there any loot?
Griffin: I mean—
Travis: Is it—we‘re in a bank, is it—
Justin: Yeah, like, do we see any—is there—that‘s actually not a bad
question. Is there, is there like, any sign of money or anything, like,
obviously like, stolen or destroyed or anything?
Griffin: Nothing, like, obviously stolen or destroyed on this floor. But y—
again, you only have access to about half of this lobby, unless you get into
those booths in the back of the room.
Taako: Magnus, you wanna go look at the booths, or go through the door?
Magnus: I mean… let‘s check out the booths first.
Merle: Booths!
Taako: Merle? Okay, let‘s go check out the booths.
Merle: Booths!
Taako: We go to the booths.
Griffin: Okay! As you walk towards the booths, towards the booths on the
back side of the room from where you‘re standing, you walk forward. And as
you begin to approach the fountain in the center of the room, between you 
and these booths, the tree awakens and turns toward you, and you can
make out some knots and features in this tree, which is not a tree at all my
friends… it is a treant!
Part tree, part ant! Can you even imagine anything more terrifying
than a treant? And his name… is Trent. That‘s not a listener. I just thought it
would be a fun joke. And as it turned out—
Justin: You were right.
Griffin: I was right, it‘s a really fun—
Travis: His name is Trent Reznor.
Griffin: His name is Tre—nope, just Trent. Doesn‘t have to be a reference.
Just a fun joke I made.
Justin: Does it look as though he‘s rolling for initiative?
Griffin: No, it looks like he‘s gonna do a surprise round, because y‘all just,
just walked right up on him. He is going to rear back, and he‘s got one sort
of big limb, and one sort of small limb with some sharp barbs on it, and he‘s
gonna go ahead and swing in a pretty wide arc at all three of you with his
big limb. Why don‘t you make a dexterity saving throw to try and get out of
the way of his attack? He rolled a 16.
Travis: I rolled a four plus two… a six.
Justin: Uh, 14 here. No dice.
Clint: 17.
Griffin: 17! Okay—
Justin: Do you have a dexterity bonus, Dad?
Clint: No, mine‘s zero.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: Merle, you duck outta the way and shout, ―Hey guys, look
out! Maybe give a fair warning to your, to your compatriots, who do not
acknowledge it. This massive limb smashes directly into Magnus and Taako,
and hits you both for…
Travis: Negative three damage!
Griffin: 14 damage.
Travis: Whoaaa.
Griffin: Picking—and picks you up and slides you back toward the entrance
of the room about 30 feet away. And now we‘re gonna get into initiative.
Travis: Okay.
Clint: And it says, ―Groot! 
Justin: Oh my God, it‘s Groot.
Griffin: It‘s Groot from the hit movie, Groot and His Buds!
Justin: 14. 14.
Travis: I got, I got a 12.
Clint: I have a 14 and a four… so I‘ll take the 14.
Griffin: Are you sure? Can I sell you on that four? Wh—yeah, you are going
right now, Taako.
Justin: I cast blink.
Griffin: Okay. You blink and your eyes get moister than they were before,
and you feel relieved.
Griffin: It had been—you—this—you guys realize, in the whole time we
been doing this podcast, you‘ve never blinked because you never said you
did it. This is crazy.
Justin: The world is new.
Travis: I swallow.
Justin: No, I cast, uh, blink. That‘s one of my new third-level transmutation
spells.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Welcome to the show, blink! So here‘s how blink works. I roll a d20
at the end of each of my turns. And on a roll of 11 or higher, I vanish from
this plane of existence and appear in the ethereal plane, uh, and—
Griffin: What the shit?
Justin: I know! And at the start of my next turn when the spell ends, I
transport back to the physical plane within 10 feet of where I was before.
And while I‘m in the ethereal plane, I can see and hear what‘s going on in
shades of gray, but I can‘t affect anything and nothing can affect me.
Griffin: So you can—you can fucking Nightcrawl now?!
Justin: Yeah, I can bamf.
Clint: Bamf!
Griffin: That‘s radical!
Justin: Yeah, I know, it‘s really cool. I work—I was very proud of that
selection.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: So, yes, I cast blink.
Travis: I also have that, according to my sheet here. I‘ve written it down.
Griffin: Interesting. Everyone, everyone‘s blinkin‘.
Justin: My turn is over and I roll… ‘kay, 16.
Griffin: Okay, you blink into the ethereal plane… and… do you disappear
from sight from Magnus and Merle?
Justin: Yes.
Travis: And Magnus loses his goddamn mind.
Justin: They have no clue what‘s happening.
Griffin: Okay.
Magnus: What the—huh?!
Griffin: You blink into the ethereal plane, and suddenly, your vision goes
gray. You blink out of view from Merle and Magnus. And the scene in front of
you, other than the, the color swap change, stays relatively the same. But
for a split second, for a flash after you enter this ethereal plane, you see
three gray figures with bright white eyes.
Travis: What the fuck?
Griffin: Standing all around the room, sort of positioned around the room,
sort of surveying the scene. And as soon as you appear in this ethereal
plane, you can see ‘em for just a second. Before you can even discern what
they are, they blink out of view.
Justin: Oh man.
Travis: Nothing weird here!
Justin: Are they in the physical realm now?
Griffin: No. Magnus and Merle, you see nothing.
Travis: They just changed the channel they were on. They all switched to
5.1.
Justin: Not this idiot.
Griffin: And that‘s it for your turn. Next in the order is Merle.
Clint: I wanna cast prayer of healing on Magnus.
Griffin: Oh, okay, yeah, he took a hit.
Clint: Yeah, he would regain hit points equal to 2d8 plus my spellcasting
ability modifier.
Griffin: Which is, I think, six now?
Clint: It is.
Travis: Nice.
Griffin: Can you—is that a touch spell? Is that a ranged spell? Does it say
the range on it?
Clint: Anyone that I can see—
Griffin: Okay, you can see him.
Clint: —within range.
Travis: Uh, seven—oh, are you doing it? Yeah, you‘re doing it.
Griffin: Merle, you are still standing right next to the fountain with the, with
Trent in it. Are you gonna kick it there or are you gonna back up?
Clint: Yeah. No. I‘m not.
Griffin: Hell yeah.
Clint: I‘m not going to. So I roll my eight… so that‘s eight, and that‘s twice
that, correct?
Griffin: Well, you roll a second time.
Clint: Okay, eight, and… one, so that‘s nine, plus six… so I heal him all the
way, right?
Justin: Wait, why‘s this—wh—how do you figure out the spellcasting
modifier again? I‘m sorry, this is the one that always—I always forget. These
are hit dice, by the way.
Griffin: It is your, your spellcasting modifier is your… so, for clerics, I think
your wisdom modifier, plus your…
Travis: Proficiency bonus.
Griffin: Your proficiency bonus.
Clint: Which is three, correct?
Griffin: Right. So—
Justin: Three plus three…
Griffin: Three plus three.
Clint: Three plus three is six.
Griffin: Plus your… Actually, plus one, 'cause you have your Extreme Teen
Bible, and that‘s plus one.
Clint: So I heal him for 16.
Travis: But I can‘t go above my base number, right?
Griffin: No, no, no.
Travis: I‘m about to—
Griffin: There‘s a mechanic called temporary hit points—I actually don‘t
know if 5th Edition has temporary hit points. Probably.
Travis: It does.
Clint: And I would just like to point out, for the first time in this history of
this podcast, I think I actually cast a healing spell.
Travis: That was nice.
Justin: That was a healing spell, confirmed.
Clint: Ha ha!
Griffin: That was a good one.
Justin: You had, you had 17 fucking episodes in… but cool.
Griffin: Next in the order is Magnus.
Travis: I‘m gonna run up to the tree, push the button on Railsplitter, and
chop it in half.
Griffin: Okay. You run up to the tree…
Clint: And you‘re welcome, by the way.
Travis: Yep.
Justin: That ain‘t gonna work. The treant.
Griffin: You click the, the button on Railsplitter. It powers up and you rear back, and with a mighty swing cut through
it like a hot knife… through… water. And you hear it emit a, ―Uuugh! 
Travis: ―Oh, my butt! You chopped my butt! 
Griffin: And it topples backwards away from the front door, and topples
and falls backwards into the booths in the back of the room, which sends up
paperwork and receipts, and ledgers go flying up into the air as you fell
Trent, the treant, who uses… who uses his two giant, meaty tree branch
arms, and he rears himself up and looks square at Magnus in the face, who‘s
standing in the fountain, looking very proud of himself. He rears up his barklike face—it‘s bark-like because it is bark—and he screams at you very loud
with sap pouring out of his mouth.
Travis: What‘s he saying?
Clint: ―Bleeerhegrh! 
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s some, some sort of tree language, which Merle
understands, I guess, maybe.
Merle: Yeah, I do. I do.
Griffin: Okay.
Merle: So let me, let me translate. That means he aggressively is going to
retaliate against you and cause you some kind of harm.
Travis: But… I chopped him in half!
Griffin: And he did take some damage for that.
Travis: Yeah, I should hope so!
Griffin: I think cutting in half counts as a crit. So it‘s 16… and then some
falling damage…
Travis: And some halving damage.
Griffin: Extra… uh, 14 damage, so 30 damage altogether.
Justin: That‘s a pretty good hit.
Travis: I would like, I would just like to point out that if I were fighting a
human being and I did an attack that chopped them in half, cleanly, like, as
I believe you said, a hot knife through water, I don‘t think we‘d be rolling for
damage.
Griffin: Well, it is a magic tree and not a human, so…

[BAL19]

Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone…
The Director: There‘s a Grand Relic one of our Seekers have found in the
city of Goldcliff, and it is in the possession of a master criminal, known as
The Raven.
Griffin: And you are just gob smacked by the largest building in town,
which is this twenty story tall golden tower, emblazoned with the words
―Goldcliff Trust. This building is actually slowly being swallowed up by these
gigantic, thorny vines.
Taako: Do you want us to go in and get her?
Captain Bane: Can I tell you something? That would be terrific.
Taako: Let me ask you this follow up.
Captain Bane: Hit me.
Taako: Do you think we‘re high enough level to do that? I—I don't know…
Magnus: We‘re only six.
Taako: … how high level those vines are.
Griffin: It is a treant. And his name, is Trent. That‘s not a listener,
I just thought it would be a fun… joke. And as it turned out…
Justin: You were right.
Travis: I chop it in half.
Griffin: It topples backwards, into the booths in the back of the room, and
he screams at you very loud with—with sap pouring out of his mouth.
Travis: What? I chopped him in half!
Griffin: And he did take some damage for that.
Travis: Yeah, I should hope so!
The Announcer: If you don‘t like this episode, you can make like a tree,
and leaf! I‘m sorry, I didn‘t mean that, it‘s been a really rough week. It‘s the
Adventure Zone!
Travis: So when last we left off, I just killed a treant with a single blow!
Griffin: No, Trent—
Travis: Chopped him clean in half! Bunyan-esque, they called it!
Clint: Yeahhh.
Griffin: Trent the treant—
Clint: Then he ate a flapjack the size of a house!
Griffin: The… tree did? Or Magnus?
Justin: They both did. They shared it.
Travis: Both.
Clint: Yeah, they had it—
Travis: And we kissed in the middle.
Clint: That‘s a lot to eat.
Justin: They worked it out.
Griffin: Lotta kissing plants this adventure arc. I‘m w—I‘m kind of
surprised. Uh… I mean, it had to happen eventually, right? Y—y—
Justin: Okay, is it my turn yet?
Griffin: Uh, no, it‘s Trent the treant's turn.
Travis: I mean, I get two attacks.
Griffin: Okay, we‘ll say, yeah, it is still your turn. You‘ve just chopped him
over, and he uh… He lets you know…
Trent: Hey. I‘m still here. It‘s still me, Trent. And I‘m still alive.
Travis: Now, let me ask you this – I have a special skill, th—called
Disarming Strike. Can I do that and take his arms? Probably not,
right?
Griffin: What is disarming st—I don‘t even know what Disarming Strike
means, I don‘t think it means dis… arm.
Travis: Well it means that when I hit, I use one of my, um—the special
dice, the reaction dice, to disarm them. But I guess since he doesn‘t have
weapons, he‘s basically just doing melee, right?
Griffin: Yeah, he‘s a tree.
Travis: Okay. Well, then I‘m just gonna attack him with my battleaxe—
Griffin: He‘s actually got a—he‘s actually got a gun. He‘s got a—
Clint: And thus, guns are introduced into our universe.
Griffin: He‘s got an AK. He‘s—he‘s got it, and he‘s—he looks like he knows
how to use it.
Justin: I shout from the Ethereal Plane…
Taako: Oh, he‘s got a gun!
Justin: But nobody can hear me, and I‘m just watching this unfold.
Clint: Are you still in that plane?
Taako: Mmm, whatcha say…
Travis: Alright. I‘m rolling to attack him. I‘m gonna do, uh…
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I‘m gonna do a one handed, so then I‘ve got my shield out. 'Cause
I don‘t wanna get hit for 14 points of damage.
Griffin: Okay. You—you used your move, um, to get to that fountain. But
you can—you can still access his, like, butt from where you just cut him.
Travis: I wanna chop his butt again.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Travis: Uh, I rolled a 16, plus seven, so that‘s 13. Or sorry, 23.
Griffin: Yeah. Plus seven! Jeezer creezer!
Travis: Yeah dude. That‘s my attack bonus now.
Griffin: I don‘t doubt it, but… yeah. People be rollin‘ some high numbers,
now. Uh, yeah, you hit him.
Travis: That‘s one d8… Four… plus six. So I hit him for ten.
Griffin: Yeah. He did not like that. Uhhh… Is that it for you?
Travis: I mean, I could action surge and hit him again, but I think… that
might be greedy, so I‘ll wait.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uhh… Okay. So, now Trent the treant, uh, rears up on his
uh, his two broad branches to sort of lift himself up and get a good look at,
uh, the face of the person who just attacked him. Um, and he, uh, is going
to whip at you, with his smaller, um… spikier branch arm. Uh, and he rolls…
A 21 versus AC.
Travis: Whoa, woof. Yep. Um, so, I have reaction—or parry. When hit, use
reaction dice plus… 'S‘ dice, to reduce damage by d8 plus dexterity modifier.
Griffin: That was a lot of shit. I don‘t—what—what are 'S‘ dice?
Clint: Maybe it‘s pronounced… sssdice.
Travis: Sdice. Um, so basically that—I have three reactions I can do, before
a short rest.
Griffin: So you roll a d8…
Travis: Yeah. Okay. So, it was four… Plus my dexterity modifier, which is
two, so I reduce the amount of damage I take by six.
Griffin: M‘kay. Did I say how much damage you took yet?
Travis: No, not yet.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: He‘s gonna add 6 to it.
Travis: Aw, that dick.
Griffin: No, that‘s not true. Uh, it was 14… So, minus six is… eight.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Griffin: Uhhh… You take eight poison damage.
Travis: Oh, no!
Griffin: And we‘re back up to the top of the order! Taako, you are in the…
ethereal plane.
Justin: Okay, I come back.
Griffin: Can you move in the ethereal plane and then come back?
Justin: Uhhh... Yeah, I mean, I can get—
Clint: That‘d be pretty cool.
Justin: I‘m cool where I‘m at. I can—what happens is, when I come back—I
mean, I can move in the ethereal plane. I automatically come back at the
beginning of my turn. When I come back, I can come back to an unoccupied
space within ten feet of where I left.
Travis: Man, that‘s a good fucking spell.
Justin: Umm, so… How far was I from… how far am I from… he who was
Trent?
Griffin: Um, you‘re still about 30 feet away from him.
Justin: Okay. That‘s—
Griffin: At the like, front door.
Justin: That‘s fine by me.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I‘m going to cast scorching ray. On Trent.
Clint: Are you scorching ray?
Griffin: 
Justin: Who wants to know? Um…
Travis: You know what‘s funny? Dad‘s never listened to My Brother My
Brother and Me before, he‘s just a big Jimmy Ray fan.
Griffin: Yeah, sure. Aren‘t we all?
Justin: So, let me tell you the story here. I‘m gonna create three rays of
fire, and hurl them at targets within range. Uh, I can do one target or
several. Obviously, I‘m just doing the one target. Um, I‘m assuming that the
whole of Trent is now… not connected to the stump, right? The stump‘s just
like… is no longer part of the Trent.
Travis: I set him free.
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s just like—it‘s like if you were fighting Ta—if you were
fighting Magnus, and you cut his foot off… you wouldn‘t attack his foot.
Justin: No, that‘s true. I don‘t—correct. If he was cuttin‘ his foot off, I
wouldn‘t do that. Uh, so I am, um… making a ranged, spell attack for each
of the three rays. And then on hit, the target takes 2d6 fire damage.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: This will be unpleasant.
Clint: I hope it works.
Justin: The first one is a… a two, plus…
Griffin: That‘s gonna miss.
Justin: Tha—I mean, it‘s gonna miss, there‘s no reason to do that. That
math. Uh, next one is a 20.
Griffin: Yeah, that‘s a hit.
Justin: That‘s a hit. Um, my spellcasting modifier, is that where we were
just talking about the proficiency bonus, plus my…
Griffin: Intellect.
Justin: Intellect, okay.
Griffin: Plus, if you have a—plus your umbrella is plus one now, so seven, I
think.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: I don‘t know what your intellect is actually, so—
Justin: So that‘s… 16. So there‘s 26 and 16.
Griffin: Uh, the 26 hits, the 16 juuust misses.
Clint: Aww.
Justin: Sheesh, okay. Five… and… six. 11.
Griffin: Uh, okay! Wait did you hit him twice? Or each one does—
Justin: Each one does 2d6.
Griffin: Oh, damn.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Uh, so you do 11 damage. You actually did 22 damage.
Justin: Oh! Fire?
Griffin: 'Cause he is vulnerable to that shit.
Justin: Nice. And then I wink out of existence.
Griffin: Cool. How long does that blink go? Until you fail… the roll?
Justin: It goes for a minute.
Griffin: Okay. Well, each round of combat is six seconds, so…
Justin: Yeah, right. So that‘s—I was thinkin‘ we probably wouldn‘t use it all
up, but yeah. If we go ten rounds, just remind me that I can‘t do it anymore
and need to use it again.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uhh…
Clint: And where did you go?
Justin: I‘m in the ethereal plane.
Clint: Is there anything you can steal in the ethereal plane?
Travis: Which one?
Justin: No, I can‘t interact with anything up here.
Clint: Hm. Well, good.
Griffin: Uhhhh… Next in the order are… the vines!
Clint: Whaaat?
Griffin: The vines, uh, in front of the fountain, have uh, been drenched in
some of the sap, uh, that came out of Trent‘s whole situation. Uh, and have
begun to animate. Uh, and two of them raise up into the air, almost like, uh,
snakes that‘ve been charmed, and they rear back, and they strike… at Merle!
Clint: What? Oh, yeah, right. Okay.
Griffin: Uh, one of them critically misses. And the other rolls a 24.
Clint: Alright. What do I roll?
Griffin: Nothin‘.
Clint: Oh.
Griffin: You—is your AC higher than 24? 'Cause if so, your character is
broken, and we need to restart.
Clint: No, I got 18.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you take… 11 points of damage. Uhh, and you are…
restrained. And I know you‘re wondering, what does that mean?
Clint: Tell me, Griffin.
Travis: It means that you‘ve learned how to control yourself and keep
yourself from lashing out at others.
Griffin: This appendix leaves much to be desired. Uh, you‘re restrained. A
restrained creature‘s speed becomes zero, and it can‘t benefit from any
bonus to its speed. Attack rolls against the creature have advantage, and
the creature's attack rolls have disadvantage. The creature has disadvantage
on dexterity saving throws. So you‘re—you‘re all tied up, um, in these… in
these vines.
Clint: Okay. So I can‘t do anything?
Griffin: At the end of your turn, you can make a dexterity saving throw.
Uh, trying to beat a 10. Uh, but no, for this turn, you‘re all tied up. You can
do stuff, you just can‘t move.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: And if you‘re attacked, then the attack has advantage, and if you
attack anything, the attack has disadvantage.
Clint: Okay.
Justin: How would he attack something if he can‘t move?
Griffin: I don't know, with his—with his God magic!
Travis: With his brain.
Justin: Quite a disadvantage. Okay.
Clint: Alright, but before I do anything like that, let me hit you with
something else. I talk to plants, we‘ve already established that early.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Can I just… look at Trent, and ask him… why? Can I just ask him
why?
Griffin: I‘m furiously flipping through the book, trying to find a way… Uh,
you can—I mean, you can—you have two channel divinities. So… at level six,
you got a second channel divinity. You can bust that one off again.
Clint: Hm…
Justin: I think it would be good… for the podcast, if you would use this spell
slot…
Travis: To talk to Trent.
Clint: For something else?
Justin: To talk to Trent. No, for the podcast, you should talk to Trent.
Travis: No, Clinton.
Justin: We need to hear from Trent.
Travis: We need to check in with Trent at this point.
Clint: Okay. I am going to use… my other channel divinity. And I
am going to—
Trent: My buuutt!!
Clint: Trent—
Trent: My buuutt!! Nooo, my buuuutt! Aaaugh! Ahhh!
Travis: What‘s funny is that this is not the character of Trent, Griffin just
sat on a porcupine.
Trent: My buuutt… I was just born! And then my butt came
off! Why would you do this? I‘ll kill you aaall!
Merle: Trent…
Trent: I just got born, I‘m a baby, and you cut my butt off! You cut my
whole body off my butt!
Merle: I have a power to heal you! I have plant—
Trent: I don‘t wanna hear it, man! You‘re like—
Merle: No, listen! I can grow—
Trent: Listen, no, you listen! I don‘t have a butt anymore 'cause you‘re
rolling with some genuine dicks!
Merle: I—I‘m not with them! I‘m not with them!
Trent: You entered into the room with them, and you healed one of them,
bud! Nice try!
Merle: No, I saw them attack you, and I came in here and I said, ―Can‘t we
just talk to Trent? I just wanna talk! I don‘t know who these guys are. I
have plant growth! I can heal you!
Trent: What is plant growth? Wh—what is—
Merle: That‘s when I make a—listen, shhh shh shh shh shh. I know it hurts.
It‘s a boo-boo. And he hurt your butt. And he‘s a bad, bad man.
Trent: He is the worst man. I‘ve only met four men, and he‘s one of them,
and I hate it.
Merle: He is the worst man. He‘s the worst, I know, and here—I can do
plant growth and make your butt feel good!
Trent: Do you—
Merle: Oh, god, I worded that wrong.
Trent: Well, from what I‘ve heard, it‘s actually something you‘re very much
into.
Merle: Here, you can read this Extreme Teen Bible, and why don‘t—
Trent: I can‘t read, I‘m a plant! And I‘m like, thirty minutes old!
Merle: No no, listen, Taako can read it to you, and I—
Trent: Ohhh...
Merle: Can use plant growth—no, shhh shh shh! And make you all better.
Trent: That was a fart. I have to do those out of my mouth now thanks to
your friend.
Merle: That‘s okay! Oh, wow! Ohh. Oh.
Trent: Yeah, it‘s a real horror show in here.
Merle: Holy shit, that‘s the worst. No no no, it‘s not the worst—
Taako: I‘m so glad I‘m on the ethereal plane for that!
Merle: I—I really—I like it. Oh, I guess Magnus will have to read the Bible
to ya, and I‘ll heal you!
Travis: This whole time, Magnus is just s—I don‘t understand any of this, I
just hear—
Griffin: No, you f—
Travis: — a lot of tree sounds coming out of Merle, I hear…
Griffin: Merle is—Merle‘s just talking like… Um, yeah. You—
you can‘t comprehend any of this. Uh, Trent says, uh…
Trent: Is it… can you… are you gonna re-attach me to my old… butt? Or
would I grow a new one?
Merle: I will—I will—I will try to do that, but if I do… We have to stop this
silly little conflict and be buds! And you can really be a bud! Hah! See what I
did there?
Travis: It was good.
Merle: It was a plant thing!
Justin: I couldn‘t hear it, I‘m in the ethereal plane.
Clint: … the ethereal plane, yeah. Okay.
Griffin: And you‘re speaking tree.
Clint: Yeah. Uh…
Travis: Did you just rewind yourself?
Trent: I don‘t wanna get… Listen. I‘m gonna get kind of existential now. But I was born… like a… like a minute ago.
Merle: Yeah.
Trent: And I was put here to stop people from going upstairs! And I think I
can—here‘s the thing. And it‘s the only problem. I‘m sad about my butt.
Well, I‘m angry about my butt. Sadness is part of it, I‘ll—and there‘ll be lots
of time for sadness later. But right now, it‘s mainly just anger. And here‘s
the thing, is that I think I can—I think I‘m winning this fight, and that I
might be able to beat you guys.
Merle: No… The bad lady is the one that sent you down this path!
Trent: But she—
Merle: Nobody else told—sicced you on your three best buds to come.
Trent: But the bad lady grew me up out of the ground, out of nothin‘.
Listen, I want a butt very badly. And I‘ll tell you what. If you give me my
butt back, I‘ll only… kill your friends.
Merle: Hmmm.
Trent: Th—now, wait—
Merle: You mean you‘ll let me—you‘ll let me go?
Trent: Yeah. Now, really think about it.
Merle: Oh I am! Oh, believe me, I‘m really thinkin‘—I mean— I‘m really thinkin‘ about it. You know anybody that
would hurt trees? They, they suck.
Trent: Yeah.
Merle: They suck.
Trent: No friend of mine! Obviously, since I‘m a tree.
Magnus: Merle, what‘s he saying? Are we gonna get out of this one?
Taako: Listen. Do it!
Merle: Chop him, will you please freakin‘ chop him!?
Taako: Do what you‘re gonna do, homie.
Magnus: It‘s not my turn!
Taako: I‘m in—
Merle: Chop him!
Taako: I‘m in the ethereal plane, it‘s like I‘m watching this on Netflix. You
can do whatever you want.
Merle: I‘m gonna keep talking to him, chop his—
Trent: Guys, I actually understand common English…
Travis: Okay, I attack him.
Clint: That was French. I was talking in French.
Trent: Oh, I don‘t understand French then. Sorry, go ahead.
Merle: —chop him!
Justin: Dad thinks Plant and French sound the same.
Clint: It did sound exactly alike.
Justin: They‘re the same language.
Travis: Okay, okay. I am uh, I am attacking him now.
Griffin: Is it your turn?
Travis: I go after Merle, I guess Merle got a—
Clint: Can I keep talking to him to distract him?
Griffin: Yeah you can talk to him, as— As Magnus chops him
apart.
Travis: I‘m gonna chop his butt again.
Justin: I think—I think—
Merle: He‘s—he‘s a bad, bad man.
Justin: I think Magnus should get advantage.
Griffin: Yeah. He is—he is distracted. Magnus, you have advantage on your
attacks.
Travis: Okay.
Merle: Yeah. So you know, pay no attention to that man with
the great big axe.
Travis: Okay, well that‘s a 16… That‘s 23…
Merle: He‘s a baaad dude.
Travis: Uh, yeah, so, my first attack, I rolled a 23.
Griffin: It hits.
Travis: It hits. That‘s a d8, plus six… Uh, so that‘s eight damage.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: And now I‘m going to attack again! I assume I don‘t have a surprise
advantage now, though.
Griffin: No, he is—he is well aware.
Travis: Well, I rolled a 25.
Griffin: Wow.
Travis: Well, it‘s hard to miss when you have a plus seven.
Griffin: That‘s true.
Travis: And, I hit him for seven.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Clint: And I turn, and go…
Merle: Magnus! What did you do!?
Magnus: But you—but you said—!
Merle: Magnus!
Magnus: But you—!
Merle: Aww, Trent…
Griffin: Trent—Trent goes…
Trent: Ah! Ahhh!! Okay! Alright! Okay! Okay! Guys? Alright, guys? I‘ll
think—I‘m thinking about it now. Now I‘m giving it some serious
consideration. Just the whole backin‘ off and letting bygones be bygones
thing. Please. Please don‘t—I have kids. I don‘t. I was just born. You know
this. I‘m a baby, though! You wouldn‘t hurt a baby, would you? Waaah,
mama mama! Baba, please! Pass me my binkie! Waaahhh. Ohhh.
Travis: Is he dead yet?
Trent: Change my dipe-dipe! Please! My binkie now.
Travis: So like… is he dead?
Griffin: He‘s not dead. But he‘s beg—he‘s asking—he‘s asking for you to let
him go.
Justin: We can‘t understand that.
Clint: I understood it. What do you—well, you‘re in the ethereal
plane! You wouldn‘t understand it anyway!
Justin: Yeah, that‘s true. Uhh, uhh… Whose turn is it, Griff?
Griffin: It‘s uh, Mag—it‘s uh, it‘s Trent‘s turn. He spends his turn
pleading and uh, crawling his way towards the front door, uh, leaving a uh…
Justin: Sappy…
Griffin: Ghastly trail of sap behind him.
Clint: Hmm.
Justin: Okay.
Trent: Aw, man…
Justin: Am I back yet?
Griffin: Uhh… yeah, Taako. It‘s up to you.
Taako: Oh, okay. So… just born, huh?
Trent: Yeah?
Justin: I raise my hand, and I cast scorching ray, and I say…
Taako: Welcome to Earf!
Justin: 17.
Griffin: Yep.
Justin: 24.
Griffin: Yeeup.
Justin: 15.
Griffin: Mmm no.
Justin: M‘kay. So, five, two, one… Five two one five. Five, two—
Clint: 13.
Travis: 13.
Justin: 13. 26.
Griffin: 26?
Justin: Yeah, 'cause it‘s double, 'cause it‘s fire.
Griffin: Oh, yeah. Uh… uh, One of the beams, uh, cuts a line up the wall
behind him, and just goes right through his big arm, uh, which falls to the
ground with a thunk.
Clint: Oh!
Griffin: Uh, and the other ray just hits him right square in the chest, uh,
and he… collapses to the ground and sort of disintegrates.
Clint: Treeent!
Griffin: Uh, and as he does, the two vines that were restraining Merle, uh,
release him.
Merle: Oh, Trent…
Taako: I guess we solved your baby Trent puzzle, huh?
Merle: Trent! Nooo…
Griffin: You guys would have no idea what Merle is so sad about.
Magnus: Yeah, we did great! Merle, come on!
Merle: I know, I know. It‘s just… I don‘t know, he was so
young…
Magnus: It… He hit me, like, real hard.
Merle: I know, but you‘re a douchebag, and he‘s just so young…
Magnus: I mean… fair…
Taako: I miss him—I miss… I miss uh, I miss him too. It was a
him? That‘s fine. Is there any good gold or anything?
Griffin: You find Trent‘s wallet on a wallet chain.
Justin: So young.
Griffin: He had a wallet chain going into a small… bird‘s hole.
Clint: I keep staring at Taako the entire time.
Griffin: Uh, he does not have a wallet on him, he‘s a tree, but uh… you
could, uh…
Travis: He does have pockets, and we find his Subway stamp club card.
Justin: I go right—it has no stamps, he was born 30 minutes ago. Uh, can
I—I go over to the booths then. I‘ve moved on with my life.
Griffin: Okay. Yeah, there is a pretty clear gap looking into the booths
where Trent fell. Uh, so you can sort of climb over some of the rubble and
access those booths. Um, there are some, uh, registers back here that have
been… uh, picked over, picked clean. They‘re all open and empty. But
underneath one of the—the uh, booths, the far booth, uh, underneath, sort
of tucked away, is a small… a small black iron lockbox.
Travis: Cool.
Griffin: It‘s lock—it‘s locked.
Justin: It‘s locked, right? I figured it was locked.
Travis: Well, we put it in our bag.
Clint: What‘s the size of it? Large, small?
Griffin: Uh, um… shoebox sized.
Justin: I wish we had some rogues. Why don‘t we have rogues?
Travis: We need a rogue. Can we have another brother?
Justin: We need a rogue.
Griffin: Hey dad? Hey dad, can you—hey, Dad?
Travis: Dad?
Justin: Daddy?
Clint: Yeah? Yes?
Griffin: Hey Dad, I‘ve been wanting to talk to you about this for a long
time. How about a brother or sister that can play D&D with us? Now listen, it
is gonna take 'em a while to learn the ropes.
Justin: He could adopt.
Travis: You could adopt.
Justin: Can you adopt Wil Wheaton?
Clint: Actually, you do have… a fourth brother.
Griffin: Whhhat?
Travis: What?
Griffin: Wait, why are you telling us this—
Clint: You should‘ve asked! You‘ve never asked before.
Griffin: Can we end—can we end the call and talk about—this seems like a
bad venue for this.
Clint: No, I—you opened the can of worms.
Justin: This is what the donors paid for.
Clint: Let‘s talk about it. His name is Jon Snow. He uh, he has a job in the armed forces.
Griffin: Oh, I love him! He did that, uh,
Justin: No, that‘s just Snow. That‘s Snow.
Clint: And he‘s—he‘s kind of stationed far away. But um, y‘know, he‘s
always askin‘ me if he has any brothers, uh, and I didn‘t acknowledge,
'cause he‘s a real bastard. So I haven‘t really said anything before, but…
maybe we can get him on the phone after the show.
Travis: Hey Dad, just real quick. Uh, how proud of yourself were you for
that joke?
Clint: Uh, pretty proud! I‘ve been saving this since episode two. 
Griffin: And a second question, follow-up question: Dad, did you get my
Informer by Snow joke?
Justin: No way.
Clint: No, uh-uh.
Griffin: A licky boom-boom downnnn.
Justin: Now he gets it.
Clint: Why did you licky my boom boom down? I don‘t understand.
Griffin: Aaand I‘m dead. Hey everyone, this is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master, your
best friend, your life… colleague. Thank you all so much for listening to The
Adventure Zone, episode 19, the second part of our newest story arc. It‘s
good to have you here. I hope you're having a good Thursday.
Uh, I want to take a break from the show real quick to tell you about some
of our sponsors this week, like for instance, One Month. One Month is an
online service that teaches you how to code and all kinds of tech skills that
you're gonna need to survive in the upcoming technopocalypse.
One Month students learn to code by building real websites and apps,
growth hacking their businesses and websites, and building payment
systems and security solutions. One Month‘s courses are the easiest way to
learn these new tech skills.
It‘s called One Month, and it‘s 15 minutes a day for 30 days. That‘s nothin‘.
Everyone has 15 minutes to kill every day for a month, at least. You can
enroll now at OneMonth.com/AdventureZone. Enrollment is typically 99
bucks, but if you join now, you will receive your first month with One Month,
your first one month period, for 25% off. That‘s a crazy good deal.
And then, maybe you can develop the new Adventure Zone website. Maybe
you create the sequel to One Month called Two Months. The possibilities are
endless. Again, go to OneMonth.com/AdventureZone, enroll, and save 25%.
I have two personal messages here. You can get a personal message on the
show by going to MaximumFun.org/jumbotron and telling them that you
want to purchase a spot on The Adventure Zone. 
This first one is for Maxine Frank, and it‘s from Beth and Jordan. Beth and
Jordan say to Maxine, ―Happy birthday to the greatest sister, video game
consultant, weird porn connoisseur, and voice twin. Hope you have a great
dirty 30 birthday, and I hope this message from your favorite McElroys
brightens your day like Taako the wizard brightens our lives. 
They asked for this around July 4th, which is her birthday, and what a great
birthday to have! You get drunk, you eat hot dogs, you watch ID4, and then
you get drunk again, but this time, for your birthday. I think that sounds like
the best day ever. Maxine, I hope it was real special.
Here‘s our second message. It‘s for Julia, and it‘s from Tom. Tom says to
Julia, ―Happy one year anniversary, my love! You mean the world to me, and
I love you so much. I can't wait for what the next year will bring with you.
Here‘s to a lifetime of wonderful memories. There is nothing to make fun of
in that message. Nothing to goof about. It‘s just so sweet that I started to
get a little bit faint, so I am going to drink some of this goji berry juice and
reconstitute myself.
And I'm back. Uh, congratulations to Julia and Tom. It sounds like you both
found some love in a hopeless place. Or maybe a hopeful place. I don't know
where you live. Congratulations though, for real.
Thank you all so much for listening to and sharing the show. Again, if you
tweet about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag, you might end up
as a character in the show, like Captain Captain Bane from this last episode.
We‘ll be introducing a few more characters during this story arc, so get
those tweets in now, and you might end up as one of them.
Also, if you can, please share the show with any friends you might have that
you think would be into this nerdy ass shit. We don‘t pay to market the show
at all. We rely entirely on word of mouth, and you all have been so, so great
to us so far. But if you could help us, uh, get out there just a little bit more
by sharing the show with your friends, leaving a review on iTunes, that
really helps, too. We sure would appreciate it.
If you're enjoying The Adventure Zone, you may want to check out some of
the other shows on the Maximum Fun network. There‘s lots of really great,
really free programming on there, like Destination DIY, Judge John
Hodgman, Stop Podcasting Yourself, Throwing Shade, and so so so many
others.
We all do other shows on the network too, like Sawbones, Justin‘s medical
history show that he does with his wife, Sydnee; Bunker Buddies, a show
that Travis does with his buddy Andy; and the three McElroy sons do My
Brother, My Brother, and Me. Our OG podcast product.
There‘s a lot of stuff on there, and it‘s all for free, so go check it all out at
MaximumFun.org.
That‘s it for the commercial part of this episode. I don‘t have anything left to
say, except that I sure do appreciate ya. Um, I'm excited to keep doin‘ this
story arc. It‘s gonna go some places that I'm pretty excited about. Uh, and
uh, yeah. Thank you all so much for listening. This podcast has been such a
great experience, and uh, it‘s sort of gone beyond our wildest expectations,
so, um… thank you all so much, and enjoy the rest of the episode.
Next one‘s going up on… let me do the math… July 30th
? Is there a July 30th?
Yes. There is. July‘s not one of those months that peters out at 28. Next
episode‘s gonna be up on July 30th. I am… a dumb-o.
Travis: So we pocket the… the lockbox. 'Cause none of us know how to
open it.
Griffin: Uh, you—
Justin: No wait, that sucks. Is there a spell? It seems like there should be
like… lock opening spells.
Griffin: Uh… I mean, you could just—
Justin: Doesn‘t it seem like there should be? I—I don‘t have any, but…
Griffin: You could throw it really hard at the floor?
Travis: I just kinda hammer on it with my fist for a while.
Griffin: I—I‘ve never seen—listen. We been playing—
Travis: Oh, it turns out Steven‘s a rogue! The goldfish picks the lock.
Griffin: We‘ve been playing D&D for like seven months now. And I
have never heard the three of you give up on something as quickly as you
gave up on that lockbox. ―A lockbox? It‘s locked? Welp! I guess—I guess
we‘ll never know! 
Clint: We‘re thinkin‘ ahead too much!
Griffin: You might not be alive to open up that lock box! You could die in
the next encounter!
Travis: Okay, I open it. I think my way through it.
Griffin: Telekinetically open the box?
Justin: No, no, he uses his wits.
Travis: Yeah.
Clint: Actually, he uses his forehead.
Justin: That‘s right. Should there—there should be like a… Can he use a
dexterity check?
Griffin: To get—
Clint: To pick the lock!
Griffin: Okay, yes, use a dexterity check.
Travis: I—I rolled—uh, well four plus two, so, six.
Griffin: Okay. With your dexterity check, you throw the box into the air,
and try to dodge it as it falls.
Clint: 
Griffin: And with a six, you failed.
Travis: Okay, let me try strength check.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: That‘s an 11, plus four. 15.
Griffin: M‘kay. You lift that box up, and you lift it really high, and you lifted
it really fast.
Travis: Okay, let me try constitution.
Griffin: With your super, super big muscles. Okay!
Travis: Uh, that‘s 16 plus two… 18.
Griffin: Okay. You, and the box, both drink poison. And you survive, but the box has died.
Clint: That means it‘s open, right?
Griffin: Yes. With that, the box pops open. It has 900 gold pieces inside.
Clint: Yeaaah!!
Magnus: I did it!
Merle: Way to persevere!
Taako: I—we can‘t take these. This is—
Magnus: Nope, totally can.
Taako: This is a bank.
Clint: I keep staring at—at Taako.
Taako: No, listen.
Clint: I don‘t blink.
Taako: This is—
Magnus: No, insurance will cover this. It‘s fine.
Taako: No, listen. It‘s a bank!
Magnus: This is a victimless crime.
Taako: We‘re not looting! We‘re st—
Magnus: FDIC will cover this.
Taako: We‘re literally stopping a bank robbery.
Clint: I keep staring at Taako.
Taako: Just cause you found money in a bank doesn‘t mean that you can
just take it with you!
Travis: I put the money in the bag for safe keeping.
Clint: I‘m staring.
Taako: Great, I grab some chairs. Like, I grab furniture. What—why are
we looting!? This isn‘t a dungeon, people do business here! Put that back!
Magnus: Listen, the government's gonna pay this back.
Taako: Nobody‘s gonna do anything, you‘re gonna get arrested! You‘ll go to
jail! You—we‘re literally talking to the chief of police. He‘s outside.
Magnus: Yeah, and he would want it—listen. He would do this if he were
here. The corruption in the militia…
Merle: You know what… Magnus, I think he‘s right.
Magnus: Nope!
Taako: Of course I‘m right!
Merle: Let‘s—let‘s put the chairs back, and let‘s—let‘s, you and I, spend all
of our energy looking for a door, from the booths, so we can continue our
quests like good adventurers.
Magnus: No, I know where we‘re goin‘, and I‘ve been down this
road. Pocket Spa, or whatever the fuck he‘s got now.
Taako: You don‘t know I have that.
Griffin: Oh my god, did you buy the Pocket Spa so you could have a secret
handheld place to stea—put your stolen loot!?
Taako: I—you don‘t know—you don‘t know me.
Clint: We‘ve been in your spa! We were in the spa last week!
Justin: What—uhhh… Yeah, you‘ve been in it. You guys have. But Griffin
hasn‘t.
Merle: Come on, Magnus.
Taako: You guys can split it 50/50 if you want. I swear to god, first thing I
do when I get outside is I rat you out.
Justin: I‘m writing it on my goddamn character sheet so I never forget
to rat you two out.
Magnus: Listen. Listen. I‘m just taking it… so The Raven doesn‘t take it.
We could maybe use it to negotiate with her. And then return it to Captain
Captain Bane when we get out.
Taako: So you‘re keeping it for safe-keeping… and then convenient
forgetting.
Magnus: Yes!
Taako: Got it. Well, I can—that‘s morally gray, I can roll with that.
Travis: Okay, we‘re gonna head to the left.
Griffin: So you‘re saying you‘re gonna get back to the—to Moonbase Alpha,
and you‘re gonna go, ―What‘s in my bag? Why is it so hea—oh shit, guys! ―We forgot. 
Justin: I—you can‘t plan on it, just has to happen.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: This is starting to sound a little premeditated.
Justin: No, it‘s not!
Travis: No!
Griffin: Okay… um… Alongside this lockbox, you also find—
Travis: A note that says, ―This money is for whoever finds it! 
Griffin: It says, ―Do not steal. For kid medicine. Uh, you find an odd-looking square key.
Clint: I steal it.
Griffin: With the gold—oh, it‘s gone. Whoop! Poof. Uh, with the uh, Goldcliff
Trust insignia on it.
Justin: Aw man, was that the key to the lockbox? 
Griffin: No.
Justin: Okay, good.
Clint: Phew!
Travis: Okay, we head towards the door on the left, that we saw earlier
with the tracks and stuff.
Griffin: There are two doors on the left, and I will describe them… Right
now. One of them has a sign over it that says stairs. And the… And the other one, uh, does not have—
Travis: It‘s like I‘m there!
Griffin: The other one… uh, does not have a sign on it that says
stairs. It is a, uh, much sturdier metal door with a part in it, and there is a,
uh, small panel to the left of this metal door with a button on it and a slot.
Justin: I uh, take the key that we got and I try it in that slot.
Griffin: Uh, you put it in, and the button lights up.
Justin: And I walk away.
Travis: I—I press the button.
Griffin: Adventure over. You press the button, uh, you hear a 'bing-bong!‘
That‘s right motherfuckers, another elevatorrr! Does everyone get that I have an elevator fetish at this point? It‘s
just like, what‘s not to like about them? And uh, the door opens up!
Clint: Doo doo, doo doo…
Griffin: This is a—it opens up to reveal a glass elevator. Uh, Wonkavator.
Travis: A Wonkavator, if you will.
Griffin: Well, if you will. But we won‘t, 'cause it‘s not that. It‘s just a glass
elevator with a glass, uh, bottom, glass walls. The top of the elevator car is
a, uh, a sturdier metal, with some lights built into it. And the exterior of the
elevator shaft is also glass, so you can sort of look out over the, uh, the city
of Goldcliff… or you would, if the building had not been sort of surrounded by
these vines.
So there‘s little shafts of light poking in. But otherwise, it‘s mostly just sort
of vines that you can see through the… through the elevator, uh, wall.
Travis: Now if I remember from the last episode, Griffin, you said it was a
20 story building? Is that correct?
Griffin: That‘s right. Uh, and you—
Justin: God it‘s been two weeks, how do you remember that?
Clint: Look who‘s writin‘ shit down!
Travis: That‘s all m—in my dome piece, y‘all.
Griffin: Um, and there are in fact 20 buttons on the panel in the 
interior of the elevator. Uh, they go from 1 to 19, and then, the, uh, at the
very top, of the row of buttons, is the letter V.
Merle: You guys are gonna have to do this, 'cause I can only reach the
10th floor.
Travis: I hit all the buttons.
Justin: Ugh.
Griffin: Okay, so you‘re going in the elevator?
Taako: You know, I‘m gonna take the stairs.
Magnus: What? But… We‘ll race.
Taako: Oh yeah, that‘ll be fun.
Magnus: Okay, I‘ll see you on the second floor.
Taako: A mini—a mini game.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Now everyone call in your votes. Press one if you want Magnus to
get there first. Press two if you want Taako to get there first. Press three if
you want Merle to take a nap.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, so, you—Taako, you are taking the stairs.
Taako: Yeah.
Griffin: You‘re racing up, maybe it‘s a—like a calorie conscious decision?
Taako: Yeah, I‘m trying to slim down. Lose the LBs. I might be back on TV
someday, I—I never know. So I gotta, uhhh, slim down.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, so, you deliver that touching, heartfelt monologue to
Merle and Magnus as the elevator door shuts, and you start your long trek
up the stairs.
Merle: When was he on TV before?
Justin: We‘re goin‘ to the—we‘re going, um… remember, I had a cooking
show?
Griffin: He had a cooking show.
Clint: Ohh.
Griffin: That was in the—oh, Dad, that was in the bonus episode? Uh,
maybe you didn‘t listen to it because you don‘t support our…
Clint: I don‘t get a chance to hear any of 'em.
Griffin: Sure.
Clint: I don‘t subscribe to this. 
Griffin: Also you‘ve got a Zune, and I don‘t think those do podcasts.
Justin: Wait, we‘re just going to the—we‘re going to the second floor is
what we agreed on. Right?
Travis: Yes.
Justin: Okay, so… I just go up one flight of stairs.
Griffin: Okay. You go up one flight of stairs to the second floor. And the 
elevator door opens, and there they are, and you‘re on the second floor. And
that was—boy, that was boring.
Magnus: We did it!
Taako: Listen—listen, guys, I think we should go to the one marked V. So
I‘m gonna hop in there with ya. Make room for ya boy.
Magnus: But what if—
Taako: Make‘a room!
Magnus: —there‘s something on all the floors?
Merle: Look, look. We gotta make sure. I‘ll go up the stairs. I have the
shortest legs!
Magnus: Okay, you check every floor. We‘re gonna head up to the vault.
Taako: That‘s fine.
Merle: I‘ll check every floor… You guys go up in the elevator, since I‘m the smallest and—and you
know, the shortest legs—
Magnus: Sounds great.
Merle: —and it‘s gonna take the longest time.
Taako: And the funniest if you fall down the stairs.
Merle: That would be kind of—I make noises. Bing bing bing bing bing bing bing. Alright!
Griffin: But that‘s not your armor, that‘s just like, something you do while
falling down the stairs.
Travis: Oh, I give him the Stone of Farspeech!
Justin: Oh, yeah yeah yeah.
Clint: Oh, good thinking. Alright. I got my insight earring on too, y‘know.
Griffin: So… what is that, you‘re gonna—what is that?
Clint: Nah, it just gives me more insight.
Travis: He just looks really good.
Clint: I could put the scuttle buddy in with you guys.
Griffin: Actually, Dad, I‘ve… been looking for the right time to tell you this…
Clint: What?
Griffin: Your scuttle—your scuttle buddy was on the train that got
destroyed.
Clint: Shit!!
Griffin: He did forget to get the sc—
Travis: No, he gets three uses out of it!
Griffin: Not if it‘s destroyed!!
Justin: Not if it‘s on the train!!
Griffin: It—you can‘t use it once and throw it in a volcano and go, ―Here
comes number two and three! 
Travis: Oh, is this—Griffin, is this gonna be one of those moments where
like, two episodes from now it‘s gonna be like… ―You hear a slight scuttling
out of the garden! 
Griffin: No, this is one of those moments where you learn to take care of
your shit! Where you learn to be cautious with your possessions!
Travis: I hug Steven even closer.
Clint: Well, thank you once again… Thank you, Griffin, for teaching me an important lesson.
Griffin: Yeah! Yeah.
Clint: The son has become the father.
Griffin: Now you‘re gonna think before you leave your LEGOs lying out.
Clint: I know.
Griffin: What are you gonna do?
Justin: New dad, could you push the narrative forward, ah-puh-leeze?
Griffin: Yeah, so um, Merle, you, hop out of the elevator at the second
floor, uh, and begin your trek up the stairs. Taako and Magnus, the door
shuts to the elevator, and your elevator adventure begins.
You uh, you‘re moving up, getting a satisfying 'ding!‘ with each floor that
passes. It would be satisfying if you had an elevator fetish. Which, I know
not everybody has. Um, and at floor number 11... Or should I say, between
floors 11 and 12—is somebody clipping their nails?
Justin: No.
Travis: What?
Justin: I don‘t know what that was. Did it sound—wait, did it sound like
somebody throwing a chain dice bag up in the air and catching it?
Clint: A little.
Griffin: Yes.
Justin: Okay, that might have been me.
Griffin: Uhh, between floor 11 and 12, the elevator suddenly stops. And
then, a few seconds later, the lights above you blink off.
Travis: Cool, cool.
Griffin: And the vines outside of the exterior glass wall of this elevator
shaft, uh, begin to move. They begin to, uh, move in a circular pattern
around the building, almost like they‘re constricting. And they shatter
through the exterior glass wall of this elevator shaft, and begin to sort of
close around the glass walls of the elevator car.
And below, you see a flurry of activity, as you see the vines have broken in
through the first floor, and are almost like, filling up the elevator shaft like
water. They‘re just growing wildly. It looks like a… looks like a pit of snakes 
is just sort of being poured into this shaft. Um, and that… is the situation for
you. Merle…
Travis: Still walkin‘ up the stairs.
Griffin: Merle…
Merle: What!?
Griffin: Um, so you started on floor two. Why don‘t you make a constitution
throw, and we‘ll see how… how quickly you‘re going to be able to scale these
steps.
Clint: Alright. 20.
Griffin: You rolled a 20! Okay, you are—
Clint: Actually, plus two constitution, that‘s 22.
Griffin: Alright, you‘re super sturdy! You—you are moving up these stairs in
a sprightly manner.
Clint: Gonna fly nowww…
Griffin: Every—you‘re skipping every two steps. You just sort of… Yeah.
You‘re zooming up them.
Merle: Yeah! Woo! Ha ha.
Griffin: You‘ve made it to, uh… The sixth floor, and you‘re yelling
things at every step, apparently.
Merle: Here I gooo!
Griffin: Havin‘ a great time, uh, and you are basically unaccosted!
Travis: Just havin‘ a good old time!
Merle: Love the stairs! Whee!
Griffin: Switchin‘—switchin‘ the action back to Taako and Magnus. You
are… You are in a heap of trouble.
Travis: So we‘re between floors, it‘s not something where we can get out.
 Is there like, is there like one of those roof access panels, like you
see in movies?
Griffin: There is—there is a panel above. Uh, leading up to the top of the
elevator car.
Justin: Uh… Can it—oh, okay. Uh…
Taako: Magnus, uh, can you knock the panel out?
Magnus: Yeah, probably.
Taako: Can you use like, I don't know, Phantom Fist, or your hands?
Magnus: Yeah, sure!
Travis: Can I—can I reach it, Ditto?
Griffin: Uh… Yeah!
Travis: Yeah, I‘m gonna Phantom Fist it.
Griffin: It‘s a—it‘s about at the end of your wingspan, reaching up.
Travis: Okay, I wanna fist it.
Clint: Yeah, please don‘t say 'fist it.‘
Taako: Okay, umm…
Griffin: You Phantom Fist it, and the hatch just pops right off and goes
flying into the air. It‘s just a hatch! You can lift it up with your hands! Why
are you Phantom Fisting everything!?
Travis: I must destroy!
Griffin: You Phantom Fist it and the—you hear the panel go, ―Oh shiiit! 
Clint: None of us speak panel.
Justin: How far up are we?
Griffin: Uhh, I mean, you‘re—
Justin: Like how far is there up, uh, above us? I guess we got like, what, a
hundred feet?
Griffin: Uhh, yeah, thereabouts.
Travis: Okay, I wanna lift—I wanna lift Taako out the panel.
Taako: Nah, unnecessary, my man.
Justin: I cast… are you guys ready for this?
Griffin: I am so ready.
Justin: Rrrope trick! So here‘s what rope trick does. I take my rope, that I have, in my
bag…
Travis: And he lassos the vines.
Justin: No. It‘s up to 60 feet long.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Justin: And on the other end of the rope, it ties to something in another
dimension, and we can crawl up the rope. It goes to its full height, of 60
feet, and we can crawl up the rope into another dimension.
Clint: 
Justin: Are you ready… to go into another dimension with me?
Travis: Yes!? So ready!
Griffin: You‘re gonna climb— You‘re gonna climb up the 60 feet of
rope?
Justin: Uh, well, we‘re gonna climb—we‘re gonna start, because that way
we won‘t die, and we‘re gonna start goin‘ until we can find, uhh, a way to
get out! An egress, if you will.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: I feel confident we‘re gonna find one.
Griffin: Explain this to me one more time. You—you have created a hole 60
feet above you? Into—
Justin: There is a hole 60 feet above us that a rope is now extending into.
Okay? So we‘re gonna start climbing.
Griffin: Okay. Alright, go for it. Is there a climbing check? I don‘t have a
character sheet in front of me, so…
Travis: I assume that‘s strength, agility, acrobatics… athletics.
Griffin: Ath—athletics, maybe?
Travis: Yeah, I think—I think climbing is athletics.
Griffin: Does the rope retract and bring you up? I‘m just trying to figure
out if—
Clint: No, you still have to climb it.
Travis: Athletics is strength. Um, no, we already knew that. So, athletics,
um… is… difficult situations you encounter while climbing, jumping or
swimming.
Griffin: M‘kay, so, you‘re making an Athletics check.
Justin: Yeah. While climbing or swimming each foot of movement
costs one extra foot. Uhh…
Griffin: Well, we‘re not in combat though.
Travis: Well— I think that—I think that the an—
Justin: That‘s the only thing it says about—I mean, I‘m reading under the
section special types of movement. Climbing, swimming and crawling.
Griffin: No, I‘m just gonna give this a difficulty rating, and then you guys
make the check, and then if it passes the difficulty rating, then you… do it.
Travis: Oh, okay.
Griffin: Uhh… Okay. We‘ll say you have to beat a… 10 is like medium, and 
15 is hard. We‘ll split the difference, 'cause 60 feet is a loooong way to
climb.
Justin: We don‘t have to climb the entire thing. That‘s not what I‘m—what
I‘m thinking. Uh, let me, uhhh…
Travis: We need to get up to the 11th floor and open those doors.
Justin: That—that‘s it. That‘s all we—or, or we have… Or we need to have—
I‘m talking—I‘m gonna n—We need to talk in character.
Taako: So here‘s what I‘m thinking. If we can climb up, uh, a foot, just,
you know, to the next level, maybe uh, maybe then Merle—Merle, do you
read me?
Merle: 10-4, good buddy!
Taako: Oh, okay. People listen—
Merle: Come back, rocking chair!
Taako: People listen to this, so that seems—
Merle: Cab-over Pete with the reefer on—
Taako: Ohh, no.
Merle: —and a Jimmy haulin‘ haul!
Taako: Oh golly. Oh, golly.
Magnus: Okay, well! We‘re gonna die!
Taako: How‘s—how‘s your sonic experience, everyone? Pleasurable? Glad
to have this directly in your ear buds?
Clint: Trying to add some special effects to the show!
Taako: Make sure to tell your friends to rate and subscribe.
Merle: Now what did you want there, good buddy? C‘mon.
Taako: This is our first podcast ever.
Griffin: This is golden. You—you‘re hatin‘.
Taako: So listen. Merle. Meet us on the 11th floor. As fast as your stupid
little legs can carry you!
Merle: Roger that!
Taako: Okay, great! And once you get up there, try to figure out a way to
get the doors open.
Merle: Okie dokie!
Taako: Excellent.
Magnus: Thank you so much!
Taako: Rope trick!
Griffin: Alright. You cast rope trick. Do you get to choose the dimension
that it ties off into?
Justin: Umm, it actually—hold on one second, let me tell ya.
Clint: Listen, you been spending a lot of time in other dimensions, aren‘t
you worried about sperm count?
Justin: It rises in the air… at the end of the rope, an invisible entrance
opens to an extra dimensional space that lasts until the spell ends.
Travis: So it‘s a space you create.
Clint: It‘s just like a cubbyhole.
Justin: Yeah. So it‘s just—and I, we can actually crawl into that and hide
and chill, uh, but that seems… like we‘re not gonna climb 60 feet. That
seems crazy. So…
Travis: No. Who are we, y‘know?
Justin: Yeah. Right.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, so a rope, uh, out of thin air, falls in through the hatch,
in the uh, in the elevator. And you look up, and sure enough, there is a just
sort of black hole, uh, sixty feet above you. Around floor 17 or so. Uh, and
uh, yeah! It has, lowered itself into your elevator car.
Travis: So, we start climbing for floor 12. Or 11.
Griffin: Well you‘re between 11 and 12, so you‘d be climbing towards 12.
Clint: 12.
Justin: Yeah. Climbing towards 12.
Griffin: M‘kay. Uh, let‘s take a break, hop back to Merle. Merle, you‘ll make
another constitution saving throw, see how quick you‘re moving up?
Clint: Uh, 11, plus… um, three, right? And that‘s… 14.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you‘re a little bit more winded, now. You‘re not movin‘
quite as fast. 
Clint: Got it.
Griffin: You‘ve, made it to uhh, you‘ve made it to floor number nine.
Clint: Aw, come on. Alright. Well, can I—do I get a turn, or… We‘re not in
combat, are we?
Griffin: No, we‘re not in combat.
Travis: Keep running!
Griffin: I‘m just doing a sort of 24-esque split screen. Uh, back to Merle,
and uh, back to Magnus and Taako. Um, the rope‘s in your car. And the
ball‘s in your court.
Justin: Okay I—uh, I start climbing up towards floor 12. I‘ll make an
Athletics check… Four plus… uhh… zero. Four!
Griffin: You don‘t do very good.
Justin: No, I try, and just like, fall right off.
Travis: Okay, let me try.
Taako: I‘m flashing back to gym class over here, gang.
Travis: Let me try. Uh, that is a 13… plus seven. A 20.
Griffin: Okay!
Taako: Look at him go!
Griffin: Yeah, you get up. Uh, you go up on the rope and uh, you move up, 
uh, just the few feet up to the 12th floor. You think maybe if you‘d just stood
on top of the car you might have had access to the 12th floor door, but…
Travis: But then we wouldn‘t have gotten a… rope trick!
Taako: Rope triiiick!
Griffin: That is true! Rope trick is pretty great! Uh…
Travis: I reach down and grab Taako‘s arm.
Griffin: Okay, you reach down and grab Taako‘s arm, and as you do, the
vines that‘ve entered in through the exterior wall of the building grab onto
the elevator and pull on it so hard.
Clint: Oh my gosh!
Griffin: And it collapses and falls and Taako just sort of moves through the
hatch as the elevator falls around him. And all of a sudden, you are
supporting Taako‘s full weight, and I‘m gonna need you to make a strength
check.
Travis: That is 15, plus four, 19.
Griffin: M‘kay, you are holding on to Taako. Uh, with one hand on the rope,
one hand on Taako, at the 12th floor door, uh… and we‘re gonna move back
to Merle. Merle, make a constitution throw.
Clint: May I just say… Good, vivid storytelling.
Griffin: Yes!
Clint: Good storytelling.
Griffin: Thank you.
Justin: Nothing makes a story better than someone saying in the middle of
it that it‘s good.
Travis: This is good so far.
Griffin: Call me—call me Ishmael! This book is gonna kick ass!
Clint: Jay Gatsby collapsed the elevator! I rolled a 16.
Griffin: As God is my witness, this has been a fucking dope ass movie!
Clint: Attention, movie studios!
Griffin: This is the start of a beautiful friendship! And the end of a fucking
kickass flick!
Clint: 16, wise-ass, 16!
Griffin: Thanks, moviegoers, hope you liked it! For Casanova, it‘s me! A
famous guy! Bye!
Justin: Luuuke! I am your father! Can you believe that shit or
what!? Did you see that coming? Fuuuck.
Clint: 16.
Griffin: Uh, 16, okay. You have made it up to the 12th floor, and as you
kick open the stair access—
Magnus: Open the door!
Griffin: —there are some vines.
Merle: What!?
Griffin: There are some vines that—
Magnus: Open the door!
Griffin: Oh, I didn‘t know if you were talking to me or to Magnus.
Merle: Open what door!?
Magnus: The d—the elevator door!!
Griffin: There‘s—
Merle: Why are you yelling through the door when we can talk through the
stone of blabbing!?
Justin: That doesn‘t sound any better.
Magnus: You‘re right, hold on one second— Open the door!
Griffin: As you uh, reach the 12th floor and kick open the stair
access and enter in, uh, this floor has just started to be overtaken by these
vines. They‘re coming in actually through the other side of the building than
the elevator shaft is on, and just sort of swarming into the room from the
windows. Filling it up, like, really, really, really quickly. It‘s almost like a tidal
wave of vines has started to pour into, uh, this floor, and they‘re moving at
you very, very, very quickly.
Clint: Alright. I use my crowbar!
Griffin: Do you actually have that?
Travis: Yes! There is a crowbar in the Adventurer‘s kit.
Clint: Justin—
Griffin: Okay!
Clint: Crowbar!!
Justin: Yes, he‘s got a crowbar.
Griffin: Fuckin‘ A, go for it, Gordon Freeman.
Clint: I call him Chris.
Griffin: Chris the crowbar. Let 'er fly.
Clint: Chris the crowbar! I put it into the elevator doors, and I pry the
doors open!
Griffin: M‘kay. You pry the doors open, with your—
Clint: But I do it at the last possible second, so I can … be a vivid, story-teller, too.
Griffin: Okay!
Justin: Can we actually—can Dad name the crowbar after a listener? Do
you have a listener name handy that we could just p—we could use real
quick?
Griffin: Let me open up Twitter. Let‘s just go with the top name. The last
person that tweeted about The Zone Cast.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: I take… Emmanuel the crowbar, and I jam him into the doors of the
elevator. And with all of my mighty, dwarven… might…
Travis: Mm-hmm, good.
Clint: I pry open the elevator doors, Emmanuel straining in my hands! That
sounds so nasty.
Travis: Doesn‘t Emmanuel have a face like the flute in uh, H.R. Pufnstuf?
Clint: Yeah, it‘s just like, he‘s goin' ―Hey, be careful what
you‘re usin‘ me for! And I pry open the doors at the very last second.
Griffin: At the very last second. Okay. You pry the doors—
Clint: No, wait! No no, no no, no no!
Griffin: —to the elevator—
Clint: Not at the very last second! Nope! Nope!
Griffin: —and a wave of vines crashes into you from behind, knocking you
forward into the elevator shaft. And the doors slam behind you.
Clint: Five minutes! Five minutes before.
Griffin: You didn‘t get there five minutes before, so you—so you have fallen
into the elevator shaft. Make a reflex saving throw to see if you can grab
onto your party.
Clint: At the last… 30 seconds.
Griffin: So make a dexterity saving throw.
Clint: My dexterity—aw, geez. 12 plus zero.
Griffin: Okay! 12, yeah, that‘s enough for you to grab on to Taako‘s…
ankles.
Travis: Oh shit!
Griffin: As you fall into the elevator shaft, and the doors, uh, slam behind
you, and Emmanuel the crowbar goes plummeting to its viney death at the
bottom of the elevator shaft. Thanks for listening, Emmanuel!
Travis: Griffin, you realize that crowbars are made out of metal. Like, it
doesn‘t fall and die.
Griffin: Well actually, you hear him go, ―I‘m gonna dieee! as he falls. And
so the three of you are now hanging—so this scene was really great.
Clint: This looks like the Goonies.
Griffin: It is very Goonies-esque. Magnus, you wanna make one more
strength throw now that you‘re holding up the weight of two people?
Travis: Goddamn it. Yep.
Travis: Okay. That‘s an 11… plus… 15.
Griffin: 15. Uh, yeah, that‘s enough. You are still holding onto this rope
that is tied in a dimension that none of you know about.
Magnus: Could either one of you grab the rope now please!?
Griffin: Well, they‘re below it. You‘ve got it sort of by the edge of it, and
um…
Travis: Well what the fuck am I supposed to do now!?
Griffin: I don't know. Find out, next time on The Adventure Zone! You like that shit? That‘s audience retention!

[BAL20]

Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone…
Director: There's a Grand Relic one of our Seekers have found, and it is in
the possession of a master criminal known as The Raven. The Gaia Sash
gives the wearer control over nature.
Griffin: Taako and Magnus, the door shuts to the elevator, and your, uh,
elevator adventure begins. You see vines have broken in through the first
floor, and are almost like, filling up the elevator shaft like water.
Taako: Rrrope trick!
Griffin: Sure enough, there is a… just sort of black hole, uh, 60 feet above
you. It has lowered itself into your elevator car.
The vines grab onto the elevator, and it collapses and falls, and all of a
sudden, you are supporting Taako's full weight. And so, the three of you are
now hanging—so this scene was really great.
Clint: This looks like the Goonies!
Announcer: Goonies never say die. But dungeon masters do! Ooohhh!
It's The Adventure Zone!
Griffin: I cannot wait… to hear… you got—it's been—let's take the listeners
backstage. It's been about three weeks since we were recording. You guys—
Travis: Don't take them backstage, it's all messy.
Griffin: Now I—well, that's… Whose fault is that?
Clint: Travis.
Travis: I mean, it's mine. Like, I left my water bottle lying around, there's
like a half-eaten candy bar at my station…
Griffin: And your leg—and all your LEGOs!
Travis: All my LEGOs.
Griffin: Um—
Travis: How am I supposed to be in character without my LEGOs, Griffin?
It's in my rider.
Griffin: It's been over—it's been, like, 21 days. Since our last episode. And
I can't wait to hear… how you plan to get out of this… predicament.
Justin: I reach up to the giant's face. And then I pluck the golden dagger
from within my sheath. And I bury it, and I say in the words of my people, “Ala-kachung!”
Griffin: What's that?
Justin: Which is an ancient phrase that means, “This is for… the… uhh…”
Travis: For K'chong!
Justin: This is for K'chong, the… knight?
Clint: And K'cheech.
Justin: And K'cheech. K'cheech and K'chong. The two knights errant that
you slayed.
Griffin: So… I think you, have become… untethered from our time stream.
Because that's—
Travis: He's—he's got that Mazes and Monsters vibe going.
Griffin: That is—that is in the future.
Justin: Okay, I'm sorry.
Clint: And that is some good stuff, though.
Justin: Okay I remem—I remember. At that moment, I remember that I
have a solitary silver bullet resting in the chamber. And I spin to the
steambeast, and I say…
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Mmm.
Justin: “This one's for papa.”
Griffin: You're literally— 
Travis: K'chong.
Justin: “This is for my papa, K'chong.”
Clint: You've gone all DC Convergence on us.
Griffin: You are… Steambeast is next week.
Justin: Okay.
Griffin: This week, you are… in an elevator shaft, without an elevator in it.
Justin: Can I say something? I wish I'd said somethin' funnier than
'steambeast.'
Griffin: No, steambeast—
Justin: It didn't seem lazy in the moment.
Griffin: Steambeast was—no, steambeast was really good!
Justin: I was trying to get—I was tryin'a summon up, some like, Cthulhutype shit.
Clint: No, no no, Steambeast is good for the fan art circle.
Griffin: Yeah, it's evocative. I can't wait—
Travis: Steambeast is the new Cthulhu.
Griffin: Is it made of steam? Is it a steam… steampunk?
Clint: Steam powered! Beast. I think?
Justin: List—I'm still in the fuckin' pre-alpha stage on this guy. Don't ask
me a bunch of questions about it.
Travis: Before—before we get started—
Justin: Besides, I have to write—before any of my creations, I have to 
write, uh, the full description and then mail it to myself. Y'know, to prevent
copyright infringement.
Clint: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Uh, before we get started, I went back and listened to the last two
episodes, 'cause I really like listening to myself do stuff.
Griffin: Great.
Justin: Yeah, sure! Yeah.
Travis: And I thi—and Justin and Dad… I think maybe there's a connection
between all those eyes on the moon, and the spiritual being things that
Justin saw in the extra dimensional plane.
Griffin: Interesting.
Clint: Yeah, I thought that at the time.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: Yeah, that doesn't—so if this is—
Griffin: Is it because I used a lot of the same words to describe them?
Travis: Yeah.
Clint: Yeah.
Justin: So this has been our Adventure Zone recap wrap-up fan cast,
where we talk about our own podcasting theories, about the show that we
make ourselves.
Griffin: You three are in an elevator shaft, the elevator has fallen. Uh, 
Magnus, you are hanging onto a rope that was fantastically created by… or,
it wasn't created, it was fantastically suspended in the air through an extra
dimensional portal, by Taako, who I'm… worried. About his relationship with
extra dimensional portals? I think it's gonna be a… I think maybe we're
gonna have to have an intervention episode. Here in a couple months or so.
Ah, you are hanging on to—
Taako: I'm so excited! I'm so excited to live in extra dimensional
portals! I'm so scared.
Griffin: Uh, you are hanging on to the very edge of this rope, uh, and
hanging onto your ankle is Taako. And hanging on to Taako's ankle, after an
unsuccessful rescue attempt, is Merle. Uh, below you, uh, not too far below
you, constantly growing, constantly filling this shaft, is a bed of living vines
that are, wriggling furiously underneath you. They're about two floors below
you. You are trapped between the 11th and 12th floor, uh, and uh… You
were originally heading to the vault on the 20th floor, uh, before, uh, you…
were assailed. By this arbor.
Magnus: Guys, I got this. For the last 21 days, since we first got stuck in
this elevator shaft, I've been writing on my vision board, I've been putting
the energy out into the world to save us. Um, and I've been using
everything I learned from The Secret, so now, I think we are just… saved!
Travis: … Let me roll. Okay, I rolled a 14, plus The Secret, 36.
Griffin: Yeah. What you don't know is, in the interim, these living vines
have also been creating a vision board. And their vision board is to consume
you and destroy you.
Travis: Well, what'd they roll?
Griffin: Let me roll for them. Oh, they rolled a 22, which is weird, because
the dice only has 20 numbers on it. And then, plus the vision, it's, it's… It's a
lot.
Travis: M'kay.
Clint: Well, I have an idea.
Griffin: Can't wait to hear it.
Clint: Okay. I ca—y'know, I cast speak to plants, and it was successful, and
this is basically… The same plant. Right?
Griffin: I think you might be out of speak to plants juice. 'Cause you can do
that… I think you can do that twice a day?
Clint: Ohh. Well, it's the same day!
Griffin: I think you have talked—
Clint: It's the same day.
Griffin: Right, and you have talked to two plants today.
Clint: Let me look at that. Ah, no I'm lookin' right here, doesn't say
anything about two plants!
Griffin: No, listen, you… you sex-talked the vines outside, you laid down
some—some negs, and you—you were—you displayed some true pickup
artist prowess. And then you talked to that tree! And you sort of taunted
him. Uh, about how you were about to kill him.
Clint: So, see, I feel there's a connection there, I think the smarmy talk
was a connection—
Travis: Okay, here's what we need.
Clint: —and all I wanna do is tell 'em that we're plants too. And all we want
is some photosynthesis action, if they'll just—and it's right up there! C'mon,
guys! And maybe they'll lift us up to the 20th floor.
Griffin: Uh…
Clint: That's all I'm sayin'.
Griffin: You words fall on deaf… buds.
Travis: Okay.
Justin: They're not into it.
Travis: Merle, you climb Taako, and climb me. And then Taako, you climb
me. And then we'll all climb the rope.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I uh… I would overrule Dad's talking to plants regardless, 'cause I
can't be that close to that again.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: It's… I've been in—I've been in some severe therapy.
Clint: You obviously have not been—
Justin: Intensive therapy.
Clint: —reading Facetwitter, because the… the Facetwitter people really
dug—
Justin: Oh yeah, yeah, they've… they've hashtagged it out. For sure.
Clint: On Twitterbook.
Justin: Yeah, all over the place.
Griffin: Are you gonna try—
Travis: Okay. Climb my body.
Merle: Alright, I'll climb! I'll climb.
Griffin: Okay, so this is gonna require an athletics check, from… the
climber, and then… probably a… probably a Strength check from the climbee?
Travis: I'm very strong.
Griffin: We'll say a low.. A low Strength check from the climb-ee.
Justin: Can you remind me the order one more time, Ditto?
Griffin: Um, Magnus at the top. Taako in the middle. Merle at the bottom.
Justin: Good, good good good. This—this is a bad plan.
Clint: So, do I roll? What do I roll?
Travis: Taako, could you—could you cast like, Levitate, or make somebody
lighter? Then I could climb, like, onto a—
Justin: Are you asking—are you asking Justin? Or are you asking Taako?
And if you're asking-
Magnus: Taako!
Justin: Oh, okay.
Magnus: Can you make somebody lighter so I can Andre Giant this shit?
Justin: I like this Errol Flynn, return of the Errol Flynn Magnus voice. A lot
of people will want that.
Travis: Yeah, this is—this is uh, this is golden age Magnus.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: You've retconned Magnus.
Griffin: He was sick! He had laryn—he had fantasy laryngitis for the past
few episodes.
Justin: Alright. So, Travis, let's return to the… If you could just, one more
time, in-character, so I can respond in-character, just kinda get the roleplaying…
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: … going. Just one more time. Sorry. This is the last time.
Magnus: Taako! Can you levitate or lighten something, so that I can Andre
the Giant this shit?
Taako: No!
Magnus: Okay! Um, asked and answered, I suppose.
Taako: I-I'm out of spell slots! Sorry about that.
Travis: I'm out of time reversal cubes!
Taako: I'm out of time reversal cubes! No, I—but I—this—that's
a very funny bit we just did, but I am, uh… I am actually out of them, so…
Magnus: You guys just wanna take like, an extended rest on this rope?
 Or what's the deal?
Merle: I wanna climb your body.
Travis: Oh no.
Griffin: Good lord.
Merle: Hey, it was your suggestion!
Griffin: Uh, the vines are now about 15 feet below you.
Clint: Alright, what do I roll?
Griffin: Uh, you're rolling an Athletics check. Which is a d20, and you add
your Athletics modifier. Uh, and then the other two boys are gonna roll a
Strength check.
Clint: Alright.
Travis: I rolled a 20.
Justin: Okay, can I—I wanna call… BS on the Strength check. 'Cause I've
been supporting his weight to this point, I don't see why that should be
altered by the climbing of me.
Griffin: How 'bout this?
Travis: You only have to roll a 10.
Griffin: How 'bout this? It's a tickle check.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: ‘Cause he's got—he's got those little dwarf fingers, he's gonna be
rubbin' 'em all over your body, and you're gonna be—
Justin: Okay. That… that I will concede.
Griffin: You're gonna be gettin' tickled really bad.
Justin: I will concede to a tickle check.
Griffin: So that's actually gonna be a Constitution check.
Clint: And it doesn't help that the fact that while I climb I'm goin', “Giddygiddy-giddy! Giddy-giddy-giddy!”
Griffin: Yeah, he's get—well, that's a—that's a dwarven climbing technique!
You get your fingers deep in.
Justin: Well my Constitution's a bit better, so that's okay.
Clint: Well, I rolled a 15. Plus four.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: 19.
Justin: 19 for me too.
Griffin: Wow! Jeez, guys.
Travis: Yeah, I rolled a 13 plus seven for Strength. Or plus five for
Constitution.
Griffin: Well, no, it—yeah, yeah. Well, either one. Okay! All successful.
Uhh, Merle you do a little tickle, a tickle climbing maneuver, like a—
Merle: Giddygiddygiddy!
Griffin: —like some sort of prankster goat, scaling the sheer face of a
mountain. Uh, and you make it up Taako, and you make it up Magnus, and
now you are above Magnus. You got your hands on the rope. Uh, just as a
reminder, this—I'm into this plan. The portal that you created, if memory
serves, Taako, is 60 feet up.
Justin: Uhhh… yes.
Griffin: Which wouldn't bring you all the way to the top, it'd bring you to
about floor 18.
Justin: Okay, well, we don't need to get to the top.
Travis: Yeah, we just need to get to something else.
Justin: Floor 12, is where we're headed. Right?
Travis: Yeah. To get to a door.
Griffin: Uhhh… No! 12 has been… 12 has been taken over by vines.
Travis: Oh that's right, that's why Merle's on here.
Justin: Oh, so we need to get higher. Okay.
Travis: Lucky floor 13, I always say!
Clint: How far do I climb?
Griffin: Um, you, uhh… let's just say you've climbed up above… uh, you've
gotten about… you've gotten about ten feet over Magnus, to give some room 
for Taako, so I guess you can establish your own Rope order. Uh, Taako, are
you gonna try the same sort of maneuver? To get up Magnus?
Justin: Yeah!
Griffin: Get up on this rope? M'kay.
Taako: Yeah, that sounds good.
Magnus: Climb my frame!
Griffin: One more check from you two.
Taako: Oopsie-doopsie!
Travis: Um… Still Constitution?
Justin: What's the modifier on this?
Griffin: Uh, for you it's Athletics.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: For me it's Constitution?
Travis: No, you don't have to do shit, Merle.
Clint: Oh, that's right! Okay.
Taako: Well, five!
Clint: Ooh.
Justin: Actually, that wasn't in my character voice. Five.
Travis: Wait, five was your total?
Justin: Five was my total!
Travis: 12 was my total, like, Constitution.
Justin: Well good, you hung in there real good.
Travis: Um, should I like, try to grab him?
Justin: Wait, wait, why did I have—okay, so that was just me climbing a
rope. Right?
Griffin: No, that was you climbing Magnus.
Justin: Okay. So, we're like… Okay.
Clint: If you threw a five, like, your face is right in his butt.
Justin: Okay, so I—yeah. Five is the roll.
Griffin: M'kay. You… attempt to scale Magnus. Uh, but you place one errant
hand on his belt, in a—and it was not a weight sustaining, belt, and you pull
his pants to his ankles. And uh, as his pants fall, so do you, into the bed of living vines.
Travis: Now, hold on.
Justin: How far away is that?
Travis: It's not gonna slip right over my shoes! Now, I think he's just
hanging around my ankles off of my pants.
Griffin: Uh, no, sort of the shock of the pants hitting the feet, it—it is
jarring, and you lose your grip, and you begin to fall into the pit of living
vines.
Justin: Okay, how far of a fall do I get here?
Griffin: Uh, about 15 feet. Into this bed of living vines.
Justin: Okay. Do I—
Clint: Soft, living vines.
Justin: Do I have time to get a spell off?
Griffin: Uh, you do, yeah! Sure. As you—as you are falling toward this bed
of living vines. This is, um—I'm trying to describe sort of the action of what
these vines are doing. It's kind of like wa—like, imagine water spilling into
this chamber. These vines are just filling… filling the chamber up. So there is
a little bit of, uh, as you land, it is a soft landing. It's a soft landing on
some… there's some give to the vegetation. And you're sort of suspended
above it, but these vines are, uh… these vines will overtake you.
Clint: Are they undulating?
Griffin: No, God. Taako, what are you—what are you—what are you hoping
to do here?
Justin: Uh, well, sir, I'm trying to, um… Yeah. I'm just trying to… just
think—I'm just thinkin' it through here, and uh, if you'll just give me one
second to come up with what I'm doin', I'll just tell ya… what I'm doin'!
Travis: Do you still have the feather duster?
Justin: What?
Griffin: You never had it.
Travis: The feather du—
Justin: I have a magical feather duster, but it's not hugely helpful to me
because that would have Slow Fall. So like I think if I like, gently caressed
into their—their bodies, like, I think that would still, uh, upset them in a
pretty major way.
Travis: Could you use your umbrella and like, Poppins it.
Justin: Uh… Yeah. I'm just gonna cast Blink.
Griffin: Okay! So… Oh man. I don't even know the ramifications of that. So
you are… blinking…
Justin: Hang on there, junior. I'll tell you.
Griffin: You're blinking out of this plane of existence…
Taako: Peace!
Griffin: But you're still gonna be in vine—vinetown. Right?
Justin: Well, no! Because, the thing with Blink is… Um, when I cast Blink, I,
uh… I vanish from this plane, and I can um… I return to an unoccupied
space of my choice that I can see within ten feet of the space I vanished
from. So, uh… I can—I can disappear and then reappear… y'know. Up at that
old rope.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: And just grab it.
Travis: Why didn't you just do that before you pulled my pants off!?
Justin: That wouldn't'a helped anybody.
Griffin: Um, so you— 
Travis: It would'a helped my dick.
Griffin: You failed—you failed your roll, and you—
Justin: In a pretty—yeah, in a pretty heinous fashion.
Griffin: In a pretty major way, and you fell into this vegetation.
Justin: Didn't fall into it! Fell towards it.
Griffin: Okay, you fell towards it. And you blinked. Are you just sort of
floating in midair, in the—in the ether space, then?
Justin: Yeah. I'm in the ethereal plane.
Griffin: M'kay.
Clint: Is that not the same place where the hole is?
Justin: What?
Griffin: No, it's a—it's a different plane. I think he has access to multiple
planes.
Justin: Yeah, I'm in a lot of planes right now. Okay, so, I rolled a 14.
Clint: Oh, god.
Justin: Uh, so that gets me into the ethereal plane.
Griffin: Okay. Poof!
Justin: Poof.
Griffin: He disappears. Before he—before he is consumed by the vines, he
vanishes. Uh, the vines grow about another five feet, so they are now about
ten feet below you, Magnus. And Merle, you're about ten feet up, above
Magnus. You're close, actually, to the door to uh, floor 13.
Travis: Is that like a little ledge in front of the door? Is there any kind of…
Griffin: Nope! It's a… It's a… a sheer sort of face. It's not… There's
nothin' to really get a good grab onto.
Travis: And tell me about the door?
Justin: Closed as hell, too, right? Is it closed as hell?
Griffin: Oh yeah, it's super-duper closed.
Travis: What's it made out of?
Griffin: Metal.
Travis: 'Kay. Now, is it something… that we could swing into, and maybe
smash through?
Justin: Oh, the ol' wrecking ball trick.
Travis: Yeah.
Griffin: Well, it is like a metal door, and it's like, the—the door doesn't
swing open, cause it's a elevator? Y'know how like, elevator door—
Travis: Listen DM, you gotta work with us here. We gotta get out of this
shaft. It doesn't go up to the top… Gimme somethin'.
Griffin: Um… I mean—
Justin: Nobody's gonna listen to this show, Griffin, and say, “Man, I wish
they'd spent longer in that elevator shaft!”
Clint: 
Justin: “I really was enjoying it! On a lot of levels!”
Griffin: Uh, you could—
Justin: Literally.
Clint: Is Emmanuel comin' up on the top of the plants?
Griffin: Uhh, no, you cannot see him. He's been—he has been consumed.
Clint: Dammit.
Griffin: You need to be more careful with your belongings! I've told you
this! I—I tol—I literally told you that seconds before you lost it.
Clint: I wrote my name on it! I mean, I ought to be able to get it back.
Griffin: If lost, please return this crowbar to… Some guy. 
Travis: I'm gonna roll a perception check.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Nice.
Travis: I rolled… a 13, plus zero.
Griffin: M'kay. Everything is shitty. This whole situation sucks for you. Uh, no. With that, actually—with that perception check, you can
actually hear sort of a, uh… you hear the sound of something sort of rubbing
up against this door on floor 13.
Travis: Steven?
Griffin: Who?
Travis: My fish.
Griffin: No, your goldfish wouldn't be on the other end of the door.
Travis: Oh yeah, he's in my pocket.
Griffin: Yeah, that's right.
Clint: Trav, why don't you swing back and forth, and maybe we can—I can
make the jump to the door.
Travis: There's nothing really for you to—
Griffin: There's nothing really for you to—there's nothing
really for you to grab onto there.
Justin: Yeah, the problem is it's closed from our side, and not—so we'd
have to figure out a way to get…
Clint: Well, I think… Yeah, but I mean, I probably can't reach the door, but
maybe if Travis swings back and forth from the bottom, a la The Pendulum…
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: I can get close enough to whack it.
Travis: Okay, I do that.
Griffin: Sure. M'kay. So you start to sort of swing back and forth, giving
Merle a little bit of momentum. He's a bit higher up on the rope, so he's not,
y'know, going as far as you are at the bottom of it. Uh, but you're swinging
back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. Your pants are down, and
uh… Are you free-ballin'?
Travis: Yeah. My dick and balls are out and everything. But that's helping the momentum, if you know what I mean.
Justin: Should be some goooood fan art.
Griffin: Okay. So your whole business is out.
Travis: Here, I'll just knock out the door with my wiener.
Griffin: M'kay. So your whole zone is out, and your whole adventure zone
is out, and, um, you are swinging back and forth to give Merle some 
momentum. Uh, and Merle, you're just gonna try and clobber your way
through the door with your trusty warhammer?
Clint: Yes I am.
Griffin: M'kay. Uh, I guess make an attack roll against it.
Clint: Okay. Let me see. Attack roll… Alright. Um… That would be 2d8 plus
two?
Justin: That's your damage.
Clint: Oh okay.
Justin: Right?
Clint: Alright.
Justin: You just gotta make a regular—
Clint: So roll a 20?
Griffin: Uh, yes.
Clint: And add Strength?
Griffin: Add, uh… There should be a—on your sheet it should say what else
you add to it. So it's plus five.
Clint: Okay.
Justin: But you're still rollin' a d20 to see if it hits, right?
Griffin: Yes.
Justin: Okay. See if it hits first, and then…
Clint: Okay. Alright. Uh… That's… gonna not be good.
That's a three.
Griffin: Three. Yeah, okay. So you, uhh… You are, uh, coming in
at this door hot, you rear back your warhammer, you yell something
aggressive and threatening in Dwarven, uh, and you bring it in full speed
down on the door, and…
Justin: Wait! Wait! Wait, wait! Dad rolled a d10. Saved by the bell. Nope…
Clint: Nope?
Justin: No, that—that one. Nope. Nope! Nope. I'll tell ya. Yep!
Clint: Yep yep yep yep!
Griffin: Ohhh, man.
Clint: I rolled the wrong one?
Justin: Rolled the wrong one.
Travis: Your plan worked perfectly.
Justin: Saved by the bell.
Griffin: Oh my god.
Clint: Okay. I'm sorry. Nine.
Justin: Fuck me running.
Travis: Though, we must all admit… Significantly better than three.
Clint: Plus two!
Griffin: Nine plus two. Okay. With an 11, you bring your hammer down on
the door and it dents in slightly? Uh, it doesn't, it doesn't create a hole big
enough for anybody to get through. Although, you can kind of see through
the cracks, and what you see through the crack in the door that you have
just made is… a lot of vines.
Justin: Excellent. Excellent!
Travis: Alright.
Clint: And I can't—
Travis: Climb up, old man.
Griffin: That's a pretty good canary in the mineshaft, though.
Justin: So we know we need to climb higher. Basically.
Travis: Yep. Climb up.
Justin: Ugh.
Griffin: Taako, are you gonna get out of the—are you gonna bamf back up
onto…
Taako: You gotta come get me, man. I am chill here. I left a daiquiri over
on this side, so I'm just like, yes.
Griffin: The vines—the vines have, uhh, almost caught up with the bottom
of the rope. They're about five feet below. And in fact, uh, Magnus, uh,
with—
Clint: If that's the case, they got his pants!
Griffin: Magnus, with your pants around your ankles, uh, one vine has
actually sort of lifted up, like uh, like a snake charmer from this bed.
Clint: Uh oh. I know where this is goin'.
Griffin: And uh, is going to rear back and strike at you. Um… Uhh, but it
only rolls a 10, which is not gonna do it.
Travis: No it does not. I lift my legs up and do a very impressive crunch.
Justin: 
Griffin: What are you doing?
Travis: I'm like a cr—like I'm tightening my core to raise my legs up out of
the way.
Clint: It's an exercise, Griffin.
Griffin: Okay. You raise your legs up out of the way, uh, your keys fall out
of your upside-down downed pants.
Travis: No! Because I've got snap-button pockets. That's canon.
Griffin: Oh shit, sorry. Your wallet—your wallet falls out of your pants, but
the wallet chain catches it.
Travis: Yup.
Clint: Your fanny pack dangles.
Justin: Your—your comical Cat in the Hat hat falls to the ground. Your devil
sticks come from somewhere. Just careen towards the bottom.
Travis: Alright, listen. It's time to climb—wait. Ahem. 
Magnus: Listen, it's time to climb this rope. Get up it, motherfuckers.
Griffin: Uh, okay! Uhh…
Travis: 'Cause I think—what I wanna do, just so you boys know, is I wanna
Phantom Fist punch a door.
Griffin: M'kay. And that's-
Taako: Hm!
Merle: Why don't you climb, then? Cause you got like ten feet—
Magnus: Well, 'cause I'm on the bottom. And that door is… got vines
behind it. We don't wanna go in there. So we need to move to the next
level, and see if there's… if it's empty.
Justin: Alright. I'm—I'm gonna move this forward. Dad. Climb.
Clint: Okay.
Justin: We gotta climb.
Griffin: Yeah, just make an Athletics check and tell me where you're goin'.
It'll be a pretty easy one, 'cause you're not climbing up a person, you're
climbing a rope.
Clint: Okay. Uhhh, nine plus four, 13!
Griffin: Fine. That's fine.
Travis: I got 15.
Griffin: Alright. Where y'all goin'?
Travis: Up!
Griffin: And—and Taako, I gotta warn ya, the vines have caught up with
the rope. If you're gonna bamf up to it, you're notJustin: I've reappeared 10 feet up the rope.
Griffin: M'kay. So—
Travis: I wanna go to floor 14.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: That's where I'm goin'. Floor 14.
Griffin: Taako, you're gonna need to make an Athletics roll too.
Justin: That's a natural 20.
Griffin: Hell yeah. Fwoom! That's the sound you make.
Travis: You're holding onto it with your toes.
Griffin: Yeah. Uh, okay. So you've moved up to floor 14.
Travis: Okay. I wanna punch it.
Griffin: M'kay. Uh, are you guys gonna try and give him some momentum?
A little bit of swingin' action?
Travis: Yep!
Justin: Yeah. And we've got two of us now.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Ready? Baaack…
Griffin: You've got two of you. You guys are swinging back and forth at
floor 14.
Clint: … fooorth.
Travis: Baaack… fooorth. Baaack, fooorth!
Justin: Baaack… fooorth. Baaack, fooorth!
Clint: Baaack… fooorth. Baaack, fooorth! C'mon, hurry!
Travis: Okay, I got a 15 plus seven, 22.
Justin: Baaack, fooorth!
Griffin: M'kay. That, plus the natural effects of the Phantom Fist, uh, you
blow the doors backwards. Which is weird, because again, they do not
swing. These are sliding doors. So powerful. So effective, is the Phantom
Fist. Uh, and as you do, the three of you sort of tumble out of the elevator
shaft…
Clint: Yaaay!
Griffin: Onto terra firma. Well, it's not exactly terra firma. The building is
still sort of being—
Clint: Terra flora.
Griffin: Terra flora. It's getting um… It's still being assaulted. Uh, and uh,
the uh…
Travis: And thus the elevator battle ends. We've done it! Level up!
Griffin: And thus, it ends. You have arrived on a floor that is… uh, a lot of cubicles, basically?
Maybe it's a… I don't know. This is where the boring business gets done.
This is just sort of your standard office base.
Travis: Oh, the boring bank business. Not the sexy bank business.
Griffin: Right, all the sexy stuff happens in the lobby. This is just mostly
like, water coolers. Uh, there's a few water coolers, there's some
motivational posters. Um…
Travis: Does anyone hate Mondays?
Griffin: It seems like everybody does. There's nobody on this—this floor
though. They—
Clint: Dilbert!
Justin: So, just—
Griffin: Dad has just yelled 'Dilbert.'
Justin: So, just so I can understand the sort of business we've infiltrated
here. This is the kind of bank where it does all the money stuff down there
where people come in the building. And does like, the more pedestrian
things higher up. Is that right?
Griffin: Yeah, that's right.
Justin: Okay, got it.
Griffin: Sort of just like a… just sort of your standard bank.
Justin: Just a bank.
Travis: Just a real banksy bank.
Clint: Can we do a 'Travis pull his damn pants up' check?
Griffin: Nope.
Justin: Yeah. Can Travis—can I check to see if—
Travis: Oh! I rolled a zero. I don't know what to tell you.
Griffin: Whoa, that's weird.
Justin: Uh, I rolled a perception check and notice that, uh, Merle is—or
Magnus is uh, smooth down there like E.T., and that's canon and lore.
Travis: No, I already said my business was out! Wait, hold on. Oh! I rolled
'I have a very impressive penis.'
Justin: No, there's no—
Clint: No no no, huh. That was before the vine reached up, snake-like.
Justin: It has lopped off his genitalia and he is smooth down there like E.T.
Clint: Canon! Locked!
Justin: Locked.
Travis: But before I—before I pull up my pants, I want everyone to notice
that I'm wearing MeUndies. They are incredibly comfortable. Oh no, excuse
me, I am wearing 'YeUndies.'
Justin: YeUndies! Okay.
Clint: This portion of our podcast brought to you by YeUndies.
Justin: Uh, I roll a perception check, just to see what we can see now that
we're standin' up. It's a 17. Plus… some stuff. Probably like two or some
shit. No I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Don't be like that. Don't
be like that.
Travis: Nah, be cool be cool be cool.
Justin: Nah, be cool be cool be cool be cool. One. So, uh, 18.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, with an 18, uhh, you see a few things. Uh, first of all, uh,
like on the other floors, uh, floor 14 has, uh, the… access to the stairs. Uh,
directly next to the elevator shaft. Uh, floor 14 also has some windows,
looking outward on the exterior walls of the room. Not the wall that you are
closest to, that you just swung through.
But the other walls are mostly windows, and through those windows, you
cannot see much daylight. You see vines sort of, uh, constricting around the
building; although, they have not broken through to take over this floor
quite yet.
Travis: So. DM. Um…
Griffin: Yeah?
Travis: Remind me. Our goal is to get up to the top floor. That's—as far as
we know, that's where it feels like this is all gonna kind of go down. Right?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: 20th floor.
Travis: There has not been anything to indicate to this point that there
would be any civilians throughout these floors, or anything of interest
between floor 14 and floor 20.
Griffin: You haven't—I mean, you haven't seen any… any civilians. No.
Travis: So, should we just like, head up the stairs? To the top floor? And
like, bypass all the other floors?
Griffin: Boy, that sure would make my job easier. I mean, that would keep
me from needing to describe five more offices.
Clint: That feels kind of on the nose-y.
Justin: Yeah, let's just go for the chance.
Travis: Alright, let's just do that.
Clint: Yeah.
Griffin: M'kay.
Justin: Or is that… too easy?
Travis: Ohhh!
Justin: Is that maybe what he wants us to do?
Clint: Ohh, maybe he'd want us to think—
Travis: His puzzle of laziness!
Clint: —it's not too easy.
Griffin: One of—one of the floors—
Justin: He's thinking that we think that it's too easy. But it is in fact, just
the right amount of easy.
Travis: What if this whole thing is just a game?
Griffin: As the three of you are debating whether or not you should stop at
every floor, uh… A giant plant bursts through the open elevator, uh, shaft
door—
Travis: Feed me, Seymour!
Clint: Run! Run away!
Griffin: And it is, in fact—
Justin: Stairs! We're going up the stairs.
Griffin: —a venus—oh, okay. I was gonna make you fight a venus fly trap.
Justin: No, fuck—I mean, I'll fight a ve—
Clint: Yeah! Hell yeah.
Justin: Yeah, I'll fight a venus fly trap.
Taako: Maybe it'll have some gold.
Griffin: No. It—
Travis: No, we're on the stairs.
Griffin: You guys are on the stairs. Did you guys see that? That is the—that's the power that I wield. I
can will a venus fly trap into existence, and then I can just—
Justin: Can we see—
Griffin: —and then I can just evaporate it!
Travis: Snuff it.
Justin: What did—did we see, did we see like, right before you did that, like
a dawning awareness in its eyes, like this was—that it was gonna wink into
nothingness?
Griffin: Uh, yeah. It knew. It had a—it had a very very quick
existential crisis.
Travis: Please don't let me die!
Justin: Okay, got it, got it.
Clint: Feed me, Seymour!
Travis: I don't wanna go back to the void!
Justin: Okay.
Travis: So cold!
Griffin: Hey everybody, this is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master and
your very good friend. Thank you so much for listening to episode 20 of The
Adventure Zone. My apologies if you hear some sort of grinding sound? That
just started from outside. I think somebody's building a smaller house in
front of my house.
This week's episode is sponsored in part by One Month. One Month is a
service you can use to learn real life, technical skills that you will be able to
put to use in a work place, the home place, any place that you feel like
putting these skills to work at.
One Month students learn to code by building real websites and apps,
growth hacking their businesses and websites, and building payment
systems and security solutions. One Month's courses are the easiest way to
learn new tech skills.
Here's how it works. You do 15 minutes a day of learnin' for 30 days, hence
the name One Month. You can enroll now at OneMonth.com/AdventureZone.
If you use that link—uh, enrollment is usually 99 bucks. But if you join now, 
you'll receive your first month for 25% off. Go check it out. It's a great way
to pick up some new coding and tech skills. Again,
OneMonth.com/AdventureZone.
I have a personal message here. If you want to get a personal message to
somebody else, or for your small business on the show, go to
MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron. It's really easy to sign up for a slot on the
show, and we will read your message, like this one here.
This message is for Tristan, Lara, and Ainsley, and it's from Big. And Big
says, “Thanks so much for your hospitality this summer. I loved seeing you
and look forward to doing it again soon, and perhaps actually meet an
awake Ainsley this time. You're missed in Boston, and on the Mont and Flip
teams, but it's great to see you doing so well. Also, thanks for introducing
me to The Adventure Zone! It's pretty great. Excelsior!”
He actually—that was in the message. I didn't just like, get excited about
something and yell out Stan Lee's catchphrase. Um, thank you so much
Tristan, Lara, and Ainsley for spreadin' the good word. And Ainsley, I'm so
sorry for your sleeping sickness.
So uh, we have some very exciting news. I'm gonna eat a little bit of croak,
because I said we would never, ever do a live Adventure Zone, and… we're
doin' a live Adventure Zone! We got contacted by the LA Podcast Festival to
join their roster and do a show there, uh, and do a My Brother, My Brother,
and Me performance, so… yeah, if you're going to the LA Podcast Festival
from September 18th to September 20th, we're gonna be there. MBMBaM's
gonna be there. There's a lot of really great shows on the roster, actually.
Doug Loves Movies. The Giant Bombcast is doing a show there. Never Not
Funny.
So, if you can make it to that, that's awesome. If you can't make it to that,
if you don't live in Los Angeles or you can't get there, there is an option for
you to live stream the show. Live, obviously. Uh, you go to LAPodfest.com,
and you can purchase a ticket to live stream not just our show, but the
entire event. It's gonna be a lot of fun. 
So if you do want to do that, if you do want to live stream the show, go to
LAPodfest.com. You're gonna be able to enter in the coupon code 'Zone,' and
you'll be able to save five bucks off your ticket. And again, that's not just for
our show. You can live stream the whole event. You can watch My Brother,
My Brother, and Me. You can watch—you can watch all the podcasts that are
gonna be doing live performances. There's, again, some really, really great
stuff, so don't miss out on that.
Speaking of, it's been a while since I mentioned it. The other show that we
do, My Brother, My Brother, and Me, that Justin and Travis and I do, we're
doing some live shows up in the Pacific Northwest in late August. We're
gonna be in Portland. Unfortunately, tickets for the Portland show have sold
out, but we're also gonna be in Seattle and Vancouver. You can find tickets
for those shows at bit.ly/MBMBaMSeattle, and bit.ly/VanMBMBaM.
Thank you all so, so, so much for sharing the show, for leaving reviews for
the shows on iTunes. If you haven't done that already, it really does help us
out a lot, and people have been so kind already with their reviews.
If you want to end up as a character on the show, uh, tweet about the show
using the #TheZoneCast hash tag, and you might luck out. We still have a
couple more characters to meet in this adventure arc, so get those tweets in
now, and you could end up mingling with our heroes.
That's it for this commercial break. I'm gonna let you all get back to the
episode. The next episode of The Adventure Zone will be up on Thursday,
August 13th, so I will talk to you all then. Bye!
Griffin: So you guys are schleppin' up to the 20th floor?
Justin: Yeeup.
Travis: Yep.
Justin: Seems that way.
Griffin: Uh, it is an uneventful, albeit somewhat exhausting climb. Well, I
guess there's only six flights of stairs. And you guys are like…
Travis: Yeah, we just like, hung off a rope and fought bad guys and shit.
Griffin: Yeah. M'kay.
Travis: We can walk some stairs.
Griffin: Yeah, you climb the stairs, and, uh, it is, uh… It is an uneventful
climb to the 20th floor.
Travis: Floor 20!
Griffin: As—what?
Justin: 
Travis: Floor-twenty!
Griffin: We're not gonna say anything better than that, like—
Travis: Griffin, we gotta fight some weeds at floor 20.
Griffin: We, have… 30 more minutes to go, and we're not gonna
say anything better than that. Did you even think about that?
Travis: I did.
Griffin: Okay. 
Travis: I did, but I wanted to pull the ripcord before Justin got to it.
Griffin: Well, well done. Uh, you—you're—
Clint: What're you guys talking about?
Travis: Don't worry about it, Dad!
Griffin: You guys emerge into the uh, the 20th floor. Uh, this is a
uh, somewhat smaller dome-shaped room than the main foyer, and
the uh—or sorry, foyer, and the other floors that you have found
yourself on.
Uh, on the far wall from the stairs that you have just, uh, exited from, is a
large, circular window overlooking the city. This one does have some
vegetation that's grown all over the outside of it, but it's not, uh… it hasn't
completely blotted out the sun.
On the left side of the room, you see, uh, a few things. You see, uh, a large
hole in the wall. A large circular hole in the wall. Uh, and next to that, you
see the giant, heavy iron door, that has more or less been ripped off of that
hole, by, uh, hundreds of really thick vines. It's almost like they reached up,
grabbed it, and just sort of popped the top off of it.
Uh, and you see, all over the floor, you see, uh, papers. You see sacks of
gold, you see tons of these iron lockboxes, just sort of scattered all over the
floor. And uh, like a carpet of vines has spread out from this… from this
vault.
And uh, standing over this sort of mess, overlooking the financial destruction
that has been wrought, you see a… a slender woman, maybe a—probably a
half-elf, based on her stature, wearing black leather armor. And on her face,
she is wearing a black feathered mask, resembling a raven.
It's not like a um… Not like a masquerade mask? It almost looks like a… Like
a weirdly realistic raven face, mask. Uh, and around her waist is a belt that 
is woven from these brown reeds, that kind of clashes with the rest of her
black ensemble. You feel like maybe somebody never had the talk with her
about accessorizing.
Travis: Is she self-conscious about that?
Griffin: Uh, I am. I've created her, and I'm self-conscious about the—how
she's clashing. Uh, but the three of you feel sort of a, um… sort of a draw
from the belt that she is wearing around her waist.
Taako: Guys. We're looking for someone named the Raven. And she's got a
raven mask. So what I'm saying is… maybe she's a fan?
Travis: Without taking his eyes off of her, Magnus just kind of
whispers to them-
Magnus: Hey, remember what happened to Gundren?
Travis: Wait, let me try it in the voice.
Magnus: Remember what happened to Gundren when
he put on the glove?
Justin: There's no way to whisper in that voice.
Travis: Yeah, there is not—
Magnus: When he put on the glove, and went a little like, bat shit cuckoo?
That's—that's probably like, going on here. So… y'know. We can try talking
to her and everything—
The Raven: The three of you shouldn't be here.
Griffin: —she says.
Magnus: Heyyyy!
Griffin: As you—as you talk at like—
Magnus: Hail and well met.
Taako: Hail!
Griffin: —regular—regular-ass volume, in the same room as her.
The Raven: The three of you shouldn't be here.
Griffin: She says.
Magnus: It—oh. Um, we didn't see any signs or anything. Um, the door
was open…
Merle: So we just came in!
The Raven: It wasn't.
Magnus: Huh!?
The Raven: The—the door was covered by vines, it's not safe for the three
of you to be here!
Magnus: We didn't—did you guys see vines!? I—I didn't see any vines,
there were no vines.
Taako: No vines!
Merle: Hmm, no. Didn't see any. Didn't see any.
Magnus: We walked up, the door was just open!
The Raven: I'll try—I can—I can make the vines pull back and give you an
exit from the building, but you need to go right now. It's not safe.
Taako: Well… We were gonna refinance, so, we… really need to get that
done! Gonna-
Magnus: Or else the bank's gonna take our farm!
Taako: Yeah, they're gonna fuck us on our farm that we own together.
The Raven: When I'm done with this bank, there won't be anything left for
them to give out. It's—your finances are lost, but your lives can be saved!
Just go! Go!
Griffin: She says. Uh…
Magnus: Raven? Uh, may I take a shot in the dark here?
Justin: 
Magnus: Is—do you have some beef with this bank? Outside of like, just
like, stealing the money? 'Cause it seems like there's money all over the
ground here that you could be taking. But you seem to be ignoring it in favor
of… some other article.
The Raven: I don't—I don't have any need for money anymore. I—I have
become… I have become unto a God.
Griffin: She says, sort of amused, at her own… Uh, godlike power.
Magnus: Cool, cool.
Justin: I cast sleep.
Griffin: … Okay. What does that mean?
Justin: I'm puttin' her to sleep.
Griffin: … M'kay.
Travis: Well, yeah!
Griffin: Yeah, how do I—how do I resolve this?
Justin: Uh, well. Let me see. Let me tell you real quick. Hold on.
Clint: Sleeping. Sleeping.
Justin: Sleeping.
Travis: It says here, she begins to snore.
Justin: Okay. So I roll 5d8, and the total is how many hit points of
creatures this spell can affect.
Griffin: M'kay.
Justin: So… Seven. Four.
Travis: 11.
Justin: One.
Travis: 12.
Justin: Seven.
Travis: 19.
Justin: Five.
Travis: 24.
Griffin: Okay. She has way more than 24 hit points.
Justin: Excellent. Okay. Well…
Taako: Ignore me!
Magnus: Let's pretend like nothing happened.
Merle: Kidding!
Taako: I was practicing!
Griffin: Uh, she, uh, pulls from behind her a thorny whip. And she says…
The Raven: Okay, I gave you the opportunity to leave. I didn't want to
hurt—
Magnus: Raven, we've seen like this—something like this
happen before. And the last time one of these articles—
Travis: I say, pointing to the belt—
Magnus: —was in the hands of someone—
The Raven: There's nothing like this belt—there's nothing
like this belt in the world. Trust me, I've—
Magnus: Well, there was. There was this gauntlet, it leveled a whole city,
and thousands of people died because the person didn't listen to us.
The Raven: I can control what this is. I'm not worried. I'm not worried—
Magnus: No, it's controlling you! Look at yourself! There's thousands of
vines everywhere!
The Raven: Yeah, it's pretty cool! I don't—yeah! Yes, I agree! It's totally
rad. I'm—listen.
Magnus: Nah, this is shit!
The Raven: I'm not going to give up the belt. A part of me wishes I could,
but I'm tell—I am telling you, there is literally no way I can give up this belt.
This—this—I need this belt in a way that the three of you I don't think can
understand.
Magnus: Or your pants will fall down, I get it. My pants fell down a little bit
earlier. We've all been there! You lose a little weight, or you bought some
pants that you thought would look really good, but you knew they were two
sizes too big when you bought 'em, and you said—
The Raven: When I'm done—when I—
Magnus: I'll cinch this, maybe get 'em tailored…
The Raven: When I'm done here, I'm going to level this building to the
ground. And the three of you don't want to be here when that happens.
Leave, now.
Griffin: She says.
Taako: We don't have a way to leave, okay? We don't—
Travis: Our DM won't let us! 
Taako: He won't let us!
The Raven: Um. Well, that's—
Travis: If we leave, they'll revoke our sponsorship contracts!
Griffin: She says, uh…
The Raven: That's… not my problem.
Taako: Well…
Travis: Let's smote this turd.
Griffin: Are you—did you say that in character? Or…
Travis: No, Magnus says…
Magnus: Look over there!
Travis: … and charges her.
Griffin: Okay. Let's roll initiative!
Taako: Oh, good. This is exactly how I was hoping this would play
out.
Travis: 19.
Justin: Seven.
Clint: Uh, my first is a 16. I get two initiative rolls.
Griffin: Right.
Clint: I guess I'll take the 16.
Griffin: ‘Kay. Uhh, first…
Travis: Um, I also just wanna state, right off the bat, that all of Magnus's
attacks will be non-lethal. Against her.
Griffin: Um…
Travis: Because so far, she hasn't made any moves against us, she hasn't
hurt anyone, no one's in danger… Magnus is all about justice, I'm not just
trying to kill her.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: So I'm trying to basically knock her unconscious.
Clint: Boy, gettin' your nards knocked off has really wimped you out.
Taako: You—you've changed.
Magnus: Listen. Respect above all else. I protect those who can't protect
themselves. I respect justice.
Travis: That's Magnus's deal.
Clint: Sure, yeah. Okay, Ken doll. That—that's okay. That's fine.
Travis: Magnus has a penis!
Justin: Okay, so, does the fight start? Are we fighting? Is this a fight?
Travis: We won. That was it, we did it.
Griffin: We're gonna start. Uh, okay. Uh, first in the order is The
Raven. Uhh, she holds up—
Travis: I r—I'm sorry. I rolled a 19.
Griffin: Yeah. She's using a… like a super powerful artifact? Um, that has
made her—
Travis: I've got like three of those!
Griffin: —has made her unto a god? Uh, she is going to, uh, hold up her
hand that's not holding the uh, whip in it, and aim it at, uhh… Merle. And,
she is going to cast… actually. Uh, she is gonna point it at all three of you,
and she is gonna cast Thunderwave.
Travis: So what are you rolling again?
Griffin: I'm not rolling, you guys are making a Constitution saving throw.
Travis: Ah, I gotcha.
Griffin: Against her spellcasting saving modifier.
Travis: M'kay. Uhhh, well, blurgh. Um. That, for me, is… five plus six. 11.
Clint: I have a 10.
Travis: Wait, no sorry, that's a nine.
Justin: I have a four.
Travis: Five plus nine, 14.
Griffin: Wow, you guys all beefed it. Um…
Travis: Sweet!
Griffin: She, uh, casts out a thunderous wave of force. Um, that sends the
three of you flying backwards, uh, to the back wall of this room, where you
came out of. Uh, and you are gonna take a significant amount of damage. Uh, all of you take 28 points of damage.
Taako: Ooh.
Travis: Cool cool. Totally sweet.
Griffin: Uhh, next, she—
Travis: You said 28?
Griffin: 28 points of damage.
Clint: 
Travis: I am bloodied! Just like that.
Griffin: Uh, she is going to take another action. And, uhh, looks at Merle.
And holds up her whip, and casts thorn whip!
Travis: I'm—I'm actually not… bloodied. Sorry. I just wanted to make that
clear to everybody.
Clint: Woohoohoo!
Griffin: Close call! Uhh, she, uhh… makes an attack roll against you.
Travis: Okay, now I am going to use Protection.
Griffin: M'kay. Uh, what does that mean?
Travis: So you have di—you have disadvantage against him.
Griffin: Okay well the first roll is a 26. And the second roll is a 22. That hits
you, I'm assuming, Merle? What's your AC?
Clint: 18.
Griffin: 18. Okay, yeah, that's a hit. And you see—
Travis: She seems fairly strong.
Griffin: You take… Uh, 21 points of damage.
Travis: Snapples.
Clint: Okay.
Travis: Listen. We might have been a bit hasty with the smiting.
Griffin: How're you doing—how're you doing on health?
Clint: Um… Uh, let's see. You said 21? I'm, uh, two points dead.
Griffin: M'kay. Uh, she's gonna take another action. And, uh, she's gonna
look at, uh, Taako! And she is going to use thorn whip again.
Justin: Isn't she—isn't it—does she understand that she's doing
it to a corpse? Does it like, bother her? Does it seem like her—
Griffin: Are you d—are you dead?
Justin: Oh I'm negative five, baby.
Griffin: Oh, okay.
Justin: I'm dead as disco.
Travis: From 28!?
Justin: Well I already had 23, from our previous excursion.
Griffin: Oh, that's right. Uhh… Then uh, she's gonna—
Travis: Wait, no no no, hold on. 23 from what?
Justin: Uhh, the fight, I guess we had with the vines? Down the stairs?
Griffin: No, you fought Trent. You didn't—yeah.
Justin: Well then- well what was the 23 from? It had to be from something.
Griffin: It was from Trent! Yeah, you didn't—you didn't rest.
Travis: No, I thought we rested before we went up!
Griffin: No, homie! Y'all rushed in.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: She's gonna attack, uh, Magnus then. Uh, first roll is a…
Justin: That's fine, I didn't wanna do this stupid podcast anymore anyway.
Griffin: First roll was a 19.
Justin: Thanks donors, you dipshits!
Travis: Uhh, I mean, 19 would hit.
Griffin: And you don't—you can't force disadvantage on an attack against
yourself.
Travis: That's correct.
Griffin: Uh, 16 points of damage.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Aaand she's done!
Travis: With—okay. Well, I'm stuck at a crossroads, because… my
compatriots are down, but I'm not like… a healer? So I'm gonna charge her.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: I run at her with, uh, with my axe out, and I'm gonna double hand
strike swing my axe at her.
Griffin: Okay!
Travis: That's a 15, plus seven, 22.
Griffin: Okay, uh, as you start to attack her, uh, she claps her hands
together, and a gust of wind sort of throws you off balance. And your strike,
uh, goes easily—easily misses her to the side. So she's gonna impose—
impose disadvantage on you. So uh, go ahead and try again.
Travis: That is a 12. Plus seven, so 19.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, that hits!
Travis: Cool! Let me get out some other dice here.
Clint: Well, I'm glad he's happy.
Travis: I mean I'm not… happy. Okay. d10, plus six. So
that's a 10, plus six, 16.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you slash at her. Uh, you catch her in the, uh, right
shoulder, uhh… And, she looks—she seems very surprised that you have
managed to hit her. Um, and you take a chunk out of her leather armor, and
you see a little bit of like, green blood flow out of the wound that you've
created.
Travis: Mm-hmm.
Griffin: And then, the wound—
Travis: And I'm gonna attack again.
Griffin: Oh! Okay.
Travis: Uh, I rear back my axe, and then I grab the belt.
Griffin: M'kay.
Travis: So that's a 17. Um… So is that sleight of hand? Or deception?
Griffin: Yeah, that's gonna be a sleight of hand check.
Justin: Be care—be careful with that. 'Cause that's gonna—that thing's got
thrall, probably.
Travis: Okay, 19.
Griffin: Uh, 19, okay. Uh, you reach out, and you put your hand on the
belt. It doesn't have a clasp, it's just made of these uh, brown, sort of like
rubber tree reeds. And as you reach out and touch it, uh, what feels like ten
thousand volts of electricity, uh, goes shooting through your body. Uh, her 
eyes, in that instant, you can sort of see them through the mask, uh, and
they glow just sort of bright blue. Uh, and you are… thrown backwards with
a wave of electric force.
Travis: Mm-hmm. But what you don't know is, Magnus is super into that.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I have it written down here in my sheet.
Griffin: You take nine damage and you are thrown back, basically crumpled
in a heap with your allies.
Travis: Okay. That does take me down to four hit points.
Griffin: M'kay. Uh, next up is The Raven, uh, who holds up her thundery
hand, and once again, points it at the three of you, um… uh, but before she
can get off her shot, the large circular window in the back of the room…
blasts open. And shards of glass, uh, go flying. Uh, and through that
window, swings, as if they were rappelling from the top of the building and
have breached into the room, a Halfling woman wearing what looks like a
karate gi. Um, or is it pronounced “jee”?
Justin: Gi, I think.
Griffin: Gi.
Clint: “Guy.” It's “guy.”
Griffin: … Is it?
Clint: It's jeero.
Griffin: It's—now you're being a butt. Uh, she's wearing a karate gi, uh,
and she's wearing a bright silver Goldcliff Militia badge. Uh, and she swings 
into the room. She is small in stature, but she's incredibly fast and as she,
uh- as she rolls into the room she holds up one hand, uh, in a flat palm,
facing her foe behind her, and the other in sort of a steady, pre-chop
motion. Sort of snake pose, maybe crane style. And she stands there, and
she yells out…
Karate Girl: Sloane! Sloane!
Griffin: She says, uh…
Karate Girl: Sloane, you're not a killer!
Griffin: Uh, and—
Taako: Beg to differ.
Travis: I point at Taako and Merle.
Merle: Helloooo?
Magnus: Ahem.
Griffin: And uh, uh—word—without saying a word, The Raven turns and
looks at this, uh, this Halfling woman that has swung into the room. Uh, and
she spins and she turns into a, uh, a grey cloud. And goes flying out the
window, and is gone.
Travis: The Raven does?
Griffin: The Raven does. Yeah.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: Uhh…
Magnus: Welp! Another successful battle, gentlemen. 
Merle: Ow.
Taako: We win!
Griffin: Uh, she—she runs over to the three of you and she says…
Karate Girl: Can you walk?
Taako: Absolutely not, I can't even hear you.
Merle: I'm in Hell right now.
Taako: I'm dead as hell.
Griffin: Uh, she—
Magnus: I can walk, but I may not.
Griffin: She uh, takes her hands and slaps them—and does a quick clap
and starts rubbing them together. Uh, sort of channeling some—some
energy. Some, some chi—
Travis: And my genitals grow back.
Griffin: And your genitals—your genitals grow back effortlessly.
Merle: Wait, wait, wait a minute! I just met Elvis! Hold on, wait wait wait!
Clint: Hey, how're you doing Merle? I'm glad you made it to heaven, oh glory be!
Griffin: Walkin' in Memphis! Walking with my feet ten feet off the
ground! And she—
Travis: His name is Elfis. 
Merle: Don't, I don't wanna go back!
Griffin: Uh, she… that's it, that's the end of the episode.

[BAL21]

Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone…
In that wasteland, outside of the city limits of Goldcliff, you see these long
lines of dust clouds. And as you get even closer, you realize that the clouds
are being whipped up by wagons that are speeding through the wasteland.
Clint: Is it a race?
Travis: Good question.
Griffin: With your six untrained eyes… uh, eight if you count the goldfish, it
kinda looks like it a little bit.
Clint: Hmmm.
Griffin: Um, you see a slender woman, and on her face, she is wearing a,
uh, black feathered mask.
Magnus: We can try talking to her and everything…
Sloane: The three of you shouldn‘t be here.
Griffin: She says.
Travis: Magnus says…
Magnus: Look over there!
Travis: And charges her.
Griffin: She‘s gonna cast Thunderwave. Uh, 21 points of damage.
Magnus: Listen, we might have been a bit hasty with the smiting.
Clint: I'm, uh, two points dead.
Justin: Oh I‘m negative five, baby.
Griffin: Uh, and through that window swings a halfling woman, wearing
what looks like a karate gi. As she rolls into the room, she says, uh…
Karate Girl: Sloane, you‘re not a killer!
Griffin: Without saying a word, The Raven turns into a gray cloud and goes
flying out the window.
Magnus: Another successful battle, gentlemen.
Merle: Ow…
Taako: We win!
Announcer: Hey everyone, this is Mark. I‘m filling in for the usual guy.
Took his family on vacation. I think they went to Dollywood. It‘s The
Adventure Zone!
Griffin: The three of you have been successfully, uh, extracted from the—
Justin: Happy birthday to you!
Griffin: Oop, okay.
Clint: Aww! Aww, stop.
Justin: Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday, dear Daddy!
Clint: Oh, Justin.
Justin: Happy birthday to you!
Clint: Oh, and a cake? Oh my lord!
Justin: I made a fantasy cake.
Griffin: Um…
Clint: Awww.
Justin: Happy birthday, Daddy!
Clint: Thank you.
Griffin: Happy birthday, Daddy! As your gift, uh, your character is still
alive!
Travis: Yay!
Justin: Oh, thank goodness.
Clint: It‘s the gift that keeps on giving!
Griffin: It‘s a gift I‘ve also given to Taako. In fact, the three of you have
been—
Justin: Oh, excellent.
Clint: It‘s my birthday.
Griffin: The three of you have been rescue 911‘d, from the uh, from the
Goldcliff Trust. Uh, you don‘t remember a lot, it‘s kinda hazy, it was kind of
touch and go there for a while. But this halfling woman that came to your 
rescue there at the very end of our last adventure, uh, pulled the three of
you from this building.
So, you‘re back outside with the Goldcliff militia, still sort of encircling the
building. Although, the vines that had grown around the building and had
started to like encompass it, have started to, uh, turn gray and start to die,
and start to sort of peel off of the building.
Clint: Are we like, on gurneys, with like, IVs and all that stuff?
Justin: Yeah, are we beat up, or are we—
Travis: Are we in the recovery tent, like, eating a couple cookies, and like,
having some orange juice?
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re in—you‘re all splitting some Halos, some tangelos, and
uh —the Goldcliff militia medics are seeing to you. You‘ve been
brought back from unconsciousness. I should point out, when—this is just
good for future reference, I guess. If your guys hit points drop to zero, you
don‘t die. We had a lot of people tweeting like, ―Well, I guess Justin and Clint
are off the show. No, that‘s not exactly how it works.
Travis: But if you would like to vote for that, push 5555 on your phone—
Griffin: Wow.
Travis: —and text the word 'Taako‘.
Justin: Only you can save—
Clint: That‘s how they killed Robin.
Griffin: Uh, no, you don‘t do anything else, you just press 5555, and we‘ll
know. We‘ll get it.
Travis: Don‘t stop pressing 5 until the next episode comes out.
Griffin: Uh, Captain Bane walks into the cool down tent and says, uh…
Captain Captain Bane: Well you guys look worse—
Justin: Wait, I don‘t want—
Griffin: Huh?
Justin: I do not want to continue this adventure and get caught up in all
your magical entanglements until I have clarified that we have taken a short
rest.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I want it clear that we‘ve rested.
Clint: Yes. Have we rested?
Griffin: Yeah, you‘re good. You guys have had uh, you guys have had a
rest.
Justin: Phew. Okay. Alright.
Griffin: You‘ve had a calm down. So if you wanna roll your hit dice and
recover some HPs, I‘ll—I‘m fine with that. I‘ll allow that to happen.
Justin: I don‘t know how that works.
Griffin: Um, y‘know what? We‘re about to get into long rest town, unless
you decide to just like, just start fighting people. We‘re about to get into 
long rest territory, and that‘ll just reset you back to zero, so um, you don‘t
have to—
Justin: Well, how many hit dice do I have? Why don‘t you just tell me, how
many—I don‘t—what‘s the deal with that hit dice? I don‘t understand.
Travis: There‘s a hit dice square.
Griffin: Yeah, and you roll those, and that‘s how you get back points on a
short rest. But I‘m gonna give you a long rest. You‘re about to take a full
blown snooze.
Justin: I just don‘t understand why me understanding the basic rules of
Dungeons & Dragons is like an unfit way to spend our time. Like, I should—
Travis: God forbid Justin knows what he‘s doing.
Justin: —understand the rules at this point.
Griffin: You have a resource called—
Justin: We‘re twenty fucking episodes in.
Griffin: You have a resource called hit dice. Right?
Justin: How many do I got? It‘s not on my sheet.
Griffin: You‘re—I‘m not your—I don‘t know dude, I‘m not—
Travis: Look directly down from armor class.
Justin: No, I mean, it‘s on my sheet, it‘s just blank 'cause I don‘t have it
filled out.
Griffin: Well, then whose fault is that?
Justin: What are you feelin‘, like four? Does that feel right?
Griffin: No, it‘s more than four.
Justin: Seven?
Griffin: Just let me—let me cradle you in my—in my narrative.
Justin: I‘m in your narrative Baby Bjorn.
Clint: Hold him to your narrative bosom.
Griffin: Captain Bane walks into the cool down tent and says, uh…
Captain Captain Bane: What happened to you guys? You guys look like
dirt.
Magnus: We got attacked by weeds.
Captain Captain Bane: That‘ll happen. That‘ll happen. I knew that was a
risk when I sent you boys in there. I knew…
Magnus: She was—she was very strong.
Captain Captain Bane: Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. She is, uh—
Magnus: Like, sup—like, it was like, silly. Like, we were not even close. It
was not a fair match up. It would be like, uh, if the kids from Mighty Ducks
were to like, take on the Monstars, but in like, hockey.
Captain Captain Bane: Well, the Monstars specifically drained basketball
talent. From Charles Barkley—
Magnus: Well, maybe they just all gained like, Wayne Gretzky and four
other good hockey players.
Taako: Yeah. Y'know, I hate to um, I hate to corrupt anybody‘s metaphor,
but uh, I think the Ducks could stand a good shot there. I mean, the Monstars, we have no guarantee that they know how to
skate, I mean, for starters.
Captain Captain Bane: He has a good point, they‘re—most of them were
pretty tall and gangly and, and for a good hockey player, you want a very
low center of gravity.
Magnus: I think the question is going to be, do the Mighty Ducks still have
Emilio Estevez, and do the Monstars have an equivalently inspiring coach?
Captain Captain Bane: Well no, that‘s—if you saw Space Jam, their coach
was kind of a megalomaniac.
Magnus: Could they do it with the coach from Iceland?
Captain Captain Bane: Probably, yeah.
Justin: In case anybody‘s wondering why the birthday boy hasn‘t tried to
get in on this one, he has taken to literally examining books on my shelf,
pulling them off the shelf, checking out the cover and then returning them
back.
Clint: It‘s my birthday!
Griffin: It‘s his birthday, he doesn‘t have to engage! With our Space Jam
fan fiction.
Clint: And I never heard of any of these movies! What are these movies?
Justin: You‘ve never heard of Mighty Ducks or Space Jam?
Griffin: —or Space Jam?
Travis: —or Space Jam? These are deep cuts, old man!
Clint: Well, I‘m familiar with Mighty Ducks, just because I‘m familiar
with real sports like the Anaheim Ducks.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: But Space Jam, I only know it from the references on that other
podcast you do.
Taako: Listen, uh, that was pretty scary. Like honestly, she‘s like, really
scary. I don‘t know if you can—
Captain Captain Bane: Tell me—tell me exactly what happened. Did she
just start wailing on you as soon as you saw her?
Magnus: Well, no…
Taako: Yeah, I mean—well, okay…
Magnus: Well, I think there might have been some talk of smiting, and
then…
Taako: There‘s more nuance, I guess.
Magnus: Um. Maybe…
Merle: It was hinted at.
Magnus: Maybe we made the first move, maybe she made the first move.
Ehh, who can say?
Captain Captain Bane: Hold on, she didn‘t—she didn‘t just attack you as
soon as she saw you?
Magnus: No, she actually told us, uh, that we should probably go. Um, and
that we should, like, that we should leave.
Taako: She seemed, like… she seemed, like, concerned about our safety.
Magnus: Yeah.
Merle: It was more of a body language thing. Body language!
Magnus: See, I mean, there was a lot of threatening behavior going on.
There were vines around, maybe somebody‘s pants got pulled down…
Merle: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Magnus: A lot of stuff happened.
Captain Captain Bane: Um, that‘s… that is peculiar.
Taako: He lost his wiener.
Merle: Yep. Ripped off his wiener.
Taako: Got his wiener cut off.
Magnus: But then it grew back, 'cause I took a long rest.
Captain Captain Bane: That is how it works.
Griffin: He looks to the uh, he looks to the medics in the room and he says,
uh…
Captain Captain Bane: Could I have the tent, please?
Magnus: Where do you want it?
Griffin: And they say uh, they said…
Medics: Yaaas!
Griffin: And then they leaved. Um, and uh…
Clint: Wait, wait, what—were they German gangsters?
Griffin: Yaaas!
Clint: Yas, we‘ll go outside the tent now.
Griffin: And, uh—
Justin: Just to be clear, Griffin, they leaved?
Griffin: Yeah, they leaved.
Justin: Is that the word you used? They leaved? Okay, I just want to make
sure they leaved.
Travis: He was using the past present participle.
Griffin: Exactly. Uh, and Bane turns to the three of you, uh, and says, uh…
Captain Captain Bane: This is, uh… this is unprecedented. I‘d never
considered the possibility that one of these grand relics could end up in the
hands of… like a good—like a good person. Like a good-natured, goodhearted person.
Magnus: Wh—I mean, she is a thief.
Taako: She wasn‘t always like this?
Captain Captain Bane: Well, I mean, sh—yeah, but the fact that… here‘s
the thing. The power that these items grant you can corrupt you so
completely that you just completely lose control, uh, of that power, and the
fact that she didn‘t just outright kill you makes me think she‘s somehow
trying to resist the thrall of this grand relic.
Taako: It was weird, she seemed like she… was buying into it almost, like
she was consciously into the thrall, but she was aware that she was in a
thrall.
Captain Bane: We need to know—we need to know more about The Raven,
uh, if we‘re gonna take her down. And I—fortunately, I think we may have
an in-road.
Magnus: Captain, may I ask you a question?
Captain Bane: Yeah.
Magnus: In your knowledge, has there ever been uh, someone who has
held one of these relics, and not been corrupted over a period of time,
eventually?
Captain Bane: I mean, all we—all we have to go on is historical sort of
evidence, uh, from before the wars. Um, but—
Magnus: The long long ago.
Captain Bane: The long long ago, the long-forgotten, and uh, I—
unfortunately, no, 100% of the time somebody gets their hands on one of
these powers, and regardless of their intentions, they lose control. Now, it‘s
possible that maybe she‘s still early on in her corruption? Uh, but it‘s hard to
say. We don‘t have a lot of, uh, modern data to go off of.
Taako: Uh, I do know—I have heard tell of one very powerful wizard who
was able to resist the thrall of the gauntlet. Uh, I don‘t know if you‘ve heard
of his name from legend, he‘s T to the double-A KO? Yeah, it‘s me, Taako.
No bigs.
Magnus: Autographs to the left.
Taako: You probably heard already. You probably have my CD—my
inspirational CD, ―Grab the Gauntlet and Don‘t Look Back. 
Captain Bane: Uh, did you ever—
Travis: It‘s on uh, lit—stream it.
Captain Bane: Are you telling me that you actually equipped the gauntlet?
Taako: Oh, no, don‘t be stupid! I put it in my bag with my
snacks!
Captain Bane: That‘s what I‘m talking about.
Taako: Ohh, okay.
Captain Bane: Once you—I‘ve coined a phrase that I like to use, uh,
around the B.O.B., and that is, uh, ―Once you pop, the corruption and power
drunkenness do not stop. Um… so once you start—
Merle: Kinda cumbersome.
Taako: A little bit cumbersome.
Captain Bane: It is a little bit. It doesn‘t feel good. It has a bad mouthfeel. But I‘m workin‘ on it.
Merle: That‘s why Pringles stopped using it, probably.
Captain Bane: Now what‘re… Prin-goes? What does it—
Travis: Pringles. There are Pringles in this universe Griffin, it‘s preestablished, our roommate wanted some Pringles. Boom.
Griffin: Oh, that‘s right.
Captain Bane: Oh yes, of course.
Merle: And Pringles are kinda like, if you look at them, they kinda look a
little bit like, I don't know, a taco shell, uh, except they‘re made outta
potato.
Captain Bane: Now you‘re just talking—
Clint: That‘s not gonna fly, is it?
Captain Bane: You‘re just talking outta your ass.
Clint: Yeah, that‘s not gonna work.
Captain Bane: We have an in-road if we wanna get more information on
The Raven. Uh, and it is my lieutenant, Lieutenant Hurley. Uh, your—your
savior. Uh, I‘ve suspected for a long time that she has some sort of
involvement with The Raven. Some sort of uh—
Magnus: Oh yeah, she called her by name.
Captain Bane: She did? What was her name?
Magnus: I don‘t remember!
Captain Bane: Well…
Magnus: I have not listened to the last episode again.
Captain Bane: That might have been handy for my investigation, but uh…
Magnus: I think it was Susan?
Merle: Margaret, I think it was Margaret.
Magnus: Margaret? Susan-Margaret. It was hyphenated. She‘s Catholic?
Taako: No, I—Oprah?
Magnus: Oprah?
Taako: Maybe Oprah. Was it Oprah?
Captain Bane: Well, I think—
Magnus: Susan Margaret, uh, Margaret Oprah.
Captain Bane: Yes.
Magnus: The third.
Captain Bane: The classic—the classic Catholic name. Uh… Well, then,
you‘ve just confirmed my suspicion. I want the three of you to talk to
Lieutenant Hurley. She, uh… I‘ve tried to bring this up with her in the past,
but y‘know, there‘s all kinds of HR implications. So the three of you, uh, talk
to her and see what you can get out of her about The Raven.
Magnus: Okay.
Taako: Sure, where‘s she at?
Captain Bane: Uhh, probably just right outside this tent. That would be
pretty handy, if you didn‘t have to like, go around looking for her, if she was
just like, right there.
Magnus: That would be nice.
Captain Bane: M‘kay.
Magnus: Send 'er in!
Justin: Alright, so we go outside. We go outside the te— We‘ll see
her now.
Clint: Perfect security! Canvas! That holds all the sound in.
Travis: It‘s better than standing outside! It‘s hot out there! There‘s the
smell of rotting vines. That‘s not a good look!
Griffin: You see, uh, Lieutenant Hurley, the halfling monk woman who
saved you, uh, from The Raven‘s attacks, uh, just a few—
Justin: Griffin, can I—can you clarify something for me? I noticed you‘re in
the habit of doing this. If you say halfling monk woman, that‘s not actually
accurate, right?
Griffin: What do you mean?
Clint: Like she‘s half-monkey…
Justin: Like, she‘s not a—she‘s not a woman, right?
Griffin: No, she is a woma—
Justin: She‘s a halfling.
Griffin: She‘s a f…
Justin: Like isn‘t a woman and a man, like, those are humans, right?
Travis: Female.
Griffin: Yeah, but that seems wei—uh, half-lette, half-less?
Justin: You know what I‘m saying?
Griffin: Yeah, I guess. Half-less? Is that—what‘s the female elf?
Justin: A half-lix? A half-lix? I don't know.
Travis: Well, a halfling isn‘t a half-elf. A halfling is like uh, uh, uh…
Griffin: A hobbit.
Travis: A hobbit.
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: But we can‘t use that because of licensing, right?
Griffin: No, we can‘t. In fact, I beeped it out, uh, every time we‘ve said it
so far.
Justin: So, for, for—
Travis: Hobbit hobbit hobbit hobbit hobbit hobbit hobbit hobbit hobbit!
Griffin: God damn it.
 
Travis: Monks in the um, the D&D universe, that‘s like the fighting style
class, right? Not like a religious—
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s more Friar, uh, Friar Laurence, less Friar Tuck. Or did I
get those confused?
Travis: You switched it.
Griffin: Okay, well, you know what I mean.
Justin: You swapped it.
Griffin: Uhh, you—
Travis: But they use a staff right?
Griffin: —use bo staffs, use their hands…
Justin: So it‘s more like Friar Donatello than Friar Laurence.
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: You see Friar Donatello, uh, a few dozen yards away, and she is
tending to two militiamen who had been sort of swallowed up by these
vines. They‘ve suffered some pretty serious scrapes and bruises, uh, and
you see her clap her hands together, and sort of rub them together to build
some sort of friction. Uh, and then she places her hands on the wounds, and
then, you see like a sort of radiant light, uh, come from her hands, and then
the wounds are gone, and these—these wounded soldiers look a little bit
more vital.
Magnus: Did you see that, fellas? She Miyagi‘d the shit out of those guys.
Griffin: That is, in fact, what she did to you. You can—
Travis: She Miyagi‘d us?
Griffin: Yeah, you remember sort of through the haze of your uh, your
unconsciousness that she, uh, she tended to your wounds, back up on the
top of the vault. So she brings these two, uh—
Travis: She gave us good good touches.
Griffin: Well…
Clint: In my opinion, she used her chis, 'cause I‘ve read about that, before.
Griffin: That‘s right, she cheesed y‘all.
Travis: She harnessed her cheese.
Taako: Ma‘am, could you step over here for a second? I think they‘ll be
fine, we have to move the plot forward.
Griffin: She walks over to you and says…
Hurley: I‘m glad to see that the three of you are doin‘ better. She did quite
a number on you, huh?
Magnus: Yes, thank you so much for touching us.
Hurley: Yeah, that‘s kind of a weird way of putting it, but—
Magnus: No, I really—I like that you touched us and it felt good. Thank
you.
Hurley: Okay. You are… quite welcome. Uh, I gotta ask, did she—did she
say anything before I came in to your rescue all deus ex machina style?
Taako: Yeah, she uh… well, she seemed concerned about us, as weird as
that sounds for somebody who‘s in the thrall of like, a magic belt.
Magnus: Kind of a—
Hurley: Whoa, hold on, what did you—what did you just… you just—you
kind of broke up, there.
Taako: Uh, okay. Yeah, I—
Hurley: What just happened?
Taako: I have a stutter. Um, the… so…
Hurley: That wasn‘t a stutter. It was like you just—it was almost like you
just started talking in like, fuzz or something. What was that?
Magnus: Nothing.
Taako: I… I am half… I‘m part robot, and sometimes my action winds
down, and my talkin‘ center stops working as good. Basically. It‘s
hard to explain to the layman. Anywho…
Hurley: You‘re some sort of automated… golem, you‘re saying?
Magnus: Nooo, no, just part—part golem.
Taako: Like Tick Tock, but mainly man, and all wizard, and
actually, elf and no man, so anywho. Um, we—we uh… yeah, she seemed
concerned about us. Which seems weird for somebody who is, um, seems to
be as angry as she is?
Hurley: It‘s not—I don‘t think it‘s that weird at all, actually.
Griffin: She looks forlorn. She looks kinda bummed out. She says, uh—
Taako: What—what do you know about her, Hurley?
Hurley: Uhh, how did you know my name?
Magnus: Captain Captain Bane told us.
Taako: Uhh, Professor—Captain Captain Bane told us.
Merle: Captain Captain Bane told us.
Hurley: Oh yeah, um…
Merle: They said your first name was Elizabeth.
Taako: Don‘t forget to use your character voice, birthday boy.
Merle: They said your name was Elizabeth.
Taako: That‘s worse. Okay.
Hurley: Uh, I‘ve—I mean, I‘ve investigated her. But uh, I‘ve tried to bust
her. Y‘know, I just—when I see a perp, I just—I think, ―I gotta bust her! 
Travis: I‘m gonna roll insight, Griffy.
Griffin: 'Kay.
Travis: Uh, 16… okay, so just a flat 16.
Griffin: Okay, yeah she‘s—she‘s definitely lying. You get the impression
that she is… she is not being forthright.
Magnus: Lieutenant Hurley… Lieutenant Hurley, you knew her real name.
Hurley: Yeah, that was just something I picked up, and, when I
was uh, in my investigation. I‘ve gotta, uh, actually go, because I—
Taako: Wait a min—
Hurley: Hold on, wait, shit, wait, I see a perp over there! I gotta go guys!
Uh—
Taako: Just hang on one second!
Magnus: Oh, oh! Wait wait wait!
Taako: I think I smell in the air a return of The Adventure Zone narrative
favorite. It‘s a Zone of Truth!
Clint: Zone of Truuuth!
Justin: Zone of Truth is back!
Clint: Zone of Truuuth!
Griffin: Okay, she gets to roll to resist the Zone of Truth, right?
Justin: Yeah, probably.
Travis: That sounds right.
Justin: Doesn‘t seem to be the most, like, narratively useful thing, but I‘m
certain she can resist.
Griffin: Yeah, it‘s a charisma block. Uh-, she rolled a four, so I‘m gonna go
ahead and say, like, regardless of what the modifiers could be, and whatever
the target is, that‘s gonna fail. Uh, the three of you also need to roll, though.
I think you‘re trying to beat a 14.
Travis: I rolled a four!
Griffin: Okay, you‘re telling the truth.
Justin: I rolled a six.
Griffin: Truth.
Clint: I rolled a 16.
Griffin: Alright, so dad can lie. Everyone else is on truth duty.
Justin: Okay, sounds good.
Magnus: So, where‘s The Raven?
Hurley: I don‘t know, uh… I don‘t know where The Raven is. I wish I knew.
I wish I—
Merle: What‘s your relationship to the woman that was up in the tower with
us?
Hurley: We were partners, we—we were uh… what did—what‘s going on?
Griffin: She says, uh…
Hurley: I feel, like, dizzy. What—what did you all do to me?
Merle: It‘s my cologne, go on.
Hurley: Yeah, we were um… we uh, we worked together. I-I-I was trying to
apprehend her for a while, but then, we started to uh… we—we became very
close, and we—
Magnus: Lieutenant Hurley, we—we acted rashly when we met The Raven
in the vault. In the future, the next time we meet her, we want to help her.
She‘s in danger.
Hurley: I agree.
Magnus: We need to know everything you know about her, so that we can
convince her to let us help her the next time we meet her.
Hurley: What is your—what is your—what do you all want from—from The
Raven?
Magnus: We are good men, who are trying to help, and that‘s all we can
say.
Taako: I‘m not a man. I know—
Magnus: We‘re—we‘re good people?
Taako: We‘re… yeah. No, not people, again.
Magnus: We‘re good… beings?
Taako: Chaotic good, some of us.
Magnus: Well…
Merle: And I have a huge inheritance for her, and if I find her, I can give it
to her.
Griffin: So you're just lying—you're just lying as much— You
have cashed in on your lying voucher.
Travis: If you beat the Zone of Truth, you actually are forced to lie.
Merle: I am skinny.
Taako: Now we—now we can‘t back you up here so let me, um…
Merle: Well, don‘t let her!
Taako: You heard the words he said, right? He definitely said that!
Magnus: That‘s a thing he said!
Merle: Huge inheritance!
Taako: That is definitely what he said.
Merle: Six figures!
Taako: You‘re hearing it! He‘s saying it! That‘s gotta mean something,
right?
Hurley: Listen I… I wanna help her too, and I think I‘ve come up with a
way. I‘m gonna need your all‘s help, though.
Magnus: Okay.
Hurley: Uh, come with me.
Griffin: She says, and starts to uh, walk… walk briskly, like a speedy monk
would, away from this scene.
Travis: Should we tell Captain Captain Bane goodbye, or… ?
Griffin: Nah, he‘s probably… he‘s probably…
Travis: Leave him a note?
Griffin: He‘s probably cool with it.
Travis: Okay, I jot down a note. 'Dear Captain Bane, went with Lieutenant
Hurley, we need more milk. Love, Magnus.‘
Griffin: Uh, so the three of you follow her through the—
Clint: Quit touching my stuff.
Griffin: Through the winding streets of uh, of Goldcliff. She‘s actually pretty
tricky to keep up with. She uh, she moves really quickly.
Travis: Griffin, is there—did we like, get a chance to like, stop and do any
like, sightseeing? Or like, pick up any, like, souvenirs or tchotchkes or
anything?
Griffin: Um, no, or else you‘d lose her. Do you wanna lose her?
Travis: Well, can I ask her?
Clint: No! No.
Griffin: We don‘t have time to shop! You can shop—
Travis: But I want tchotchkes!
Griffin: You can shop—listen, you know the structure of this show. After the
adventure‘s over, then you can shop! You‘ve done this before.
Travis: Yeah, but we‘ll shop back up on the moon. I want like, a magnet or
a postcard or something.
Clint: Travis. Travis. It‘s my birthday.
Griffin: Yes, you can buy a Goldcliff magnet.
Travis: Yay! I‘m adding that to my inventory.
Griffin: Okay, but it cost you—it cost you 600 gold pieces.
Travis: I steal it.
Griffin: M‘kay, roll a sleight of hand check.
Clint: Aww…
Travis: That‘s… I rolled a 12.
Griffin: Okay. The shopkeeper rolled a 16 perception.
Shopkeeper: Hey, you give that back!
Magnus: Sorry, we gotta go!
Shopkeeper: Give that back! Criminal! Thief! Thief! Stop him!
Griffin: Uh, and Hurley turns around and says…
Hurley: I‘m a—I‘m like a cop, what are you doing? Give that back!
Magnus: Well, we didn‘t…
Travis: Okay, I give it back.
Shopkeeper: All is forgiven!
Griffin: Says the shopkeeper.
Shopkeeper: Go along your merry way, but remember this kindness and
pay it forward!
Clint: What was that shopkeeper‘s name? 'Cause he will come back.
Griffin: His name was… Haley Joel Osment. From Pay it Forward.
Clint: Haley Joel Osment. Okay.
Griffin: Haley Joel Helen Hunt. Also from Pay it Forward.
Um, you—the three of you follow Lieutenant Hurley into, uh, a sort of
seedier part of Goldcliff. It‘s well outside of sort of the, uh, the business
district that‘s all sort of shiny and golden and well-tended streets. Uh…
Justin: Hey Griff, if you were to put this in like a… uh, just for like the… so
I‘m imagining right, if you were to put this in a modern time period in our
realm, like what sort of—where are we… can you give me like a comparison?
Close comparison?
Griffin: Sort of off the… you just left sort of Chicago‘s Magnificent Mile area,
with its tall buildings and scenic vistas, uh, and now you‘re… uh… I don‘t
know, I didn‘t spend enough time in Chicago to get a good—
Travis: Well, let‘s use something that everybody can relate to. We‘re in the
west end of Huntington.
Clint: Myrtle Beach!
Griffin: You‘re in the west end of Huntington. Yeah.
Justin: Right.
Griffin: It‘s less sparsely populated. Buildings are, y'know, a little bit
crummier.
Justin: Got it.
Griffin: Uh, there‘s a barrel with a fire in it.
Justin: Okay.
Travis: Well, like, that someone‘s selling?
Griffin: And the uh—no, nobody‘s selling you a fire barrel. What are you
talking about?
Travis: I mean, I would buy that, it sounds very useful.
Griffin: And sounds like you‘d try to steal it!
Travis: Well, I—I didn‘t want to steal the magnet!
Griffin: 'Cause you‘re a—no, 'cause now you're a thief.
Travis: I didn‘t want to steal the magnet. I got priced out of being able to
purchase it, and—
Clint: All is forgiven!
Griffin: All is forgiven. Listen, let‘s not… I‘m just disappointed in you, but
let‘s not, um, just hang too long on that sad moment. Where all innocence
was lost. Um, she takes you to a small, uh, garage, in the uh—off a main
street in this sort of, uh, spooky side of town. And uh, she walks up to the
door and lifts it open. It‘s a big, uh, sort of sliding garage door. And the
three of you walk into her garage, and the door shuts behind you, and it‘s
pitch black, and then you hear the sound of a switch being flipped, and uh… 
As the room lights up you realize, this is actually a really, really nice garage.
It‘s really well kept. Lot of um, modern fixtures, much nicer than the exterior
of the building would have you sort of believe.
It is a little bit messy. There are uh, some parts scattered all over the room.
There are three cars that have been completely just shucked for parts. Uh,
and in the middle of the room is—uh, and by cars, I mean wagons. All those
times I said cars I meant wagons.
Clint: Wagons.
Griffin: Yep, wagons. And uh, in the middle of the room, uh, is a large
wagon shaped object that is covered by a huge brown tarp that has been
thrown over it.
Justin: I‘m gonna roll a perception check. See if I notice anything about the
object in the tarp or in the room. Natural 20 plus one, 21.
Griffin: Okay! Um…
Justin: Can‘t believe—I always waste my twenties on perception checks,
like I give a shit.
Griffin: Uh, no, I mean, you can give a shit. The vehicles that have been
stripped all around the room have some sort of like, weaponry attached to
them. One of them has, like, a harpoon attached to the side. One of them
has, uh, some sort of mounted cannon on the top of it, with a chair.
But most of the parts that have been stripped from them are sort of interior,
looks like maybe the engine of one of them got torn out. Um… yeah. You
have a hard time sort of discerning the shape of the wagon in the middle of
the room, though, that‘s covered up.
Travis: So, this is—I mean, obviously associated with the racing we saw
when we were flying into town.
Griffin: Yeah, Hurley says…
Hurley: Surely you all are familiar with the racing that takes place outside
of town.
Magnus: Oh yeah, big fans. Like, it‘s huge. Uhhh, love it. Real good stuff.
Hurley: Myself and… The Raven, our relationship began—her name is
Sloane, and I‘m just gonna call her Sloane, because I—I‘m uncomfortable
calling her The Raven. I hope that‘s okay.
Taako: Is The Raven thing something that‘s happened recently, or when
she was like, doing her stealing with you?
Hurley: Oh, we didn‘t do stealing together. I—
Taako: No—okay, but she was The Raven recently? Like, since she‘s
seemed to get meaner and more powerful? Was the—or she was The Raven
before?
Hurley: Um, well she was technically The Raven before. Let me show you.
Griffin: She uh, goes over to a cabinet with a couple of boxes on it and
pries one open, and uh, dumps it out and uh, a bunch of raven masks come
out, and it‘s the same masks that you saw The Raven wearing in the vault.
Travis: I put one on.
Hurley: Oh, don‘t do that.
Griffin: She says.
Hurley: That‘s, uh, that‘s really uncomfortable for me, if you could actually
take that off… That‘s a good bit, that‘s a good bit. I would like you to take that off
though.
Travis: I take it off.
Hurley: Thanks. Great bit, again, great bit, but don‘t do that, uh, anymore.
Griffin: She says…
Hurley: Let me explain from the beginning. Sloane and I… I was in charge
of pursuing Sloane. She was sort of a small time criminal, and I was
pursuing her, um, and little did I know she was actually a battle wagon
racer. And if you live in Goldcliff, you‘re familiar with battle wagons.
They‘re sort of the favorite sport of the rich and famous here in Goldcliff.
There are races that happen on the desert outskirts of town, and uh, you
place bets on them, if you are a moneyed individual. They can be brutal
blood sports from time to time, but most people just turn a blind eye,
because the powerful people who run this city kind of can‘t live without 'em.
And so, I discovered that Sloane was a battle wagon racer, and she was so
good, and I was sort of seduced by racing, and so, the two of us started to
work together.
Griffin: She reaches over to another box, and dumps it over, and a bunch
of masks shaped like rams‘ heads pour out, complete with spiral horns on
the top of the head and—
Travis: I start to reach for one.
Hurley: Nope!
Griffin: She, like, with a deft movement, like a thunderclap, slaps your
hand out of the way. She says, uh…
Hurley: She went by The Raven, and I went by The Ram. It‘s customary for
battle wagon racers to be anonymous, so that the people watching don‘t
know who you are, because you are technically committing a crime. The two
of us were—
Taako: Were you doing this while you were a cop?
Hurley: Yeah. I mean it‘s… again, people like to turn a blind eye, hence the
masks. I didn‘t want anybody knowing I was technically breaking the law.
Magnus: Oh, so it‘s all mildly illegal.
Hurley: It‘s—I mean, it‘s illegal, but it‘s—it‘s so exciting, and I‘m super
good at it!
Griffin: She says.
Hurley: And it‘s—listen, if you don‘t hurt anybody, and we never did, we
ran a—we ran clean!
Griffin: She said.
Hurley: We uh, y‘know… it‘s not really against the law, you‘re just going
really fast!
Taako: When did things start to break bad?
Hurley: Things started to break bad about a month ago.
Griffin: She says.
Hurley: And… I can‘t explain it. I still don‘t understand what was going on,
but The Raven started to develop these… almost superhuman, god-like
powers. And—and I'm not sure—
Magnus: And that seemed weird at first.
Hurley: I didn‘t—I still don‘t know what was going on, but she… she started
to change. She started to become distant and violent out on the track. She,
um… she took out another car that we were racing against, and two of the
people on that car died, and uh… and by car I mean wagon. And we
stopped—we stopped racing together after that.
Taako: Did you notice her using any like, um… powers or abilities that
seemed like, supernatural, y‘know?
Hurley: Yeah—
Magnus: Anything strange?
Hurley: No, she made that bank get swallowed up by vines, and I just
thought that maybe those vines just started to grow like, by themselves,
how crazy. Weird. These vines—wow this is an aggressive vine—
Taako: I meant during the race, dipshit.
Hurley: Yes. She has powers that she was using during the races. She was
controlling storms and causing the Earth to split in two. And don‘t get me
wrong, it was pretty—it was pretty dope.
Taako: Cool, like, cool.
Hurley: Yeah, it looked really cool, but people started to get hurt, and so I
stopped racing with her.
Magnus: Did The Raven mention any strange adventures she had gone on
around this time, or meeting with anyone?
Hurley: No, once she started developing this power, she stopped telling me
really anything.
Merle: Did you happen to notice her wearing a really cool belt?
Hurley: What?
Magnus: Never mind, um—
Taako: Uh, any cool um… okay. Did she wear any new accessories?
Hurley: No, is that the source of her power?
Magnus: No, it‘s just we‘re—we‘re always looking for new fashion ideas.
Taako: No no no. Just wanna stay abreast of the trends. Y‘know.
Hurley: Listen…
Taako: It seems unrelated now.
Merle: 'Cause we‘re red carpet fans.
Taako: In context, yeah.
Hurley: I think I have a way for us to stop her.
Griffin: She says.
Hurley: But I refuse to harm her.
Griffin: She says.
Hurley: Whatever we do, I won‘t be party to anything that sees any harm
come to her. She‘s not at fault here, she‘s just—she‘s lost control—
Merle: Sure. Sure.
Hurley: —to something that‘s bigger than herself.
Merle: Don‘t you worry, we‘ll take care of that side of things.
Hurley: She‘s not a bad person, she‘s—she‘s not gonna be able to give up
her powers willingly. She‘s terrified. Last time we spoke, she had this
moment of lucidity where she talked about how afraid she was, that she was
developing these powers she couldn‘t control, and that the only thing she
wanted was proof that there was something more powerful than her. She
wanted to be bested. She wanted to be proven that this power she
developed wasn‘t absolute, that she could maybe one day be rid of it.
Magnus: Listen, if you‘re looking for people more powerful than
her, the last time we met her, she knocked us out in like, one attack.
Hurley: Well, that‘s because you tried to fight her.
Griffin: She said.
Hurley: I didn‘t say—
Magnus: If we tried to hug her, it would have gone better?
Hurley: Well, no, she‘s probably really good at hugging too, 'cause she can
control vines and just sort of wrap you up and give you a plant hug. I think
there‘s—I can‘t beat her in a fight. I‘m an extremely gifted martial artist,
but… there is one thing I think I can beat her at.
Griffin: She says. She reaches over and grabs the tarp and rips it to the
side, exposing a battle wagon that uh, has a dark gray, tanned leather
exterior with these sleek patches of thick, silvery armor all across it.
Clint: Cup holders?
Griffin: It‘s uh—yeah, there‘s definitely, definitely some interior tweaks.
Some cup holders inside.
Clint: Cool.
Griffin: Couple of bucket seats in there.
Travis: Does it come with satellite radio, or is that additional?
Griffin: That is nonexistent. The bow of this battle wagon is long and flat
with what appears to be a black metal engine block poking out of the—
poking through it. Uh, and on the front of the car, two shiny chrome spirals
are positioned on either end of the hood, sort of—
Travis: Aw, like ram horns!
Griffin: —emulating the appearance of two ram horns.
Clint: It‘s ram tough, yeah.
Griffin: On the back of the wagon, there‘s this array of six huge exhaust
pipes hanging off the back of the car. It is—this battle wagon is the single
most imposing physical object you‘ve ever seen in your entire life.
Travis: Griffy, is it more like Mad Max? Or is it more like, sleek? Like, has
it—
Griffin: Imagine—
Travis: Is it battle damaged? Or is it like, this is—
Griffin: Oh, it‘s not battle damaged, it it almost looks Frankensteinian. It
almost looks like six of the cars from Mad Max have been smashed into like,
the Death Proof muscle car. Um, it looks… it looks, at the same time, like,
sleek, and also like, really really dangerous.
Magnus: Shotgun! I called it, you all heard me call it.
Griffin: She says—
Merle: That‘s a bitchin‘ ride.
Hurley: Yeah, thanks, I‘ve been working on it for weeks now. I‘ve stripped
some of the best parts off of the wagons that I‘ve won in pink slip races, and
I‘ve put together a vehicle I know I can beat her in. I know I can beat her in
this wagon.
Griffin: She says, um…
Hurley: But I need riders in order to pull that off. But before we can even
challenge her, I‘m gonna need help getting my hands on a part to finish this
wagon off, and unfortunately, getting that part is gonna require a bit of law
breaking.
Magnus: Is it a hood ornament?
Hurley: Nah, we got two badass ones of those already.
Magnus: What is it?
Taako: Is it a door?
Hurley: Nope, we‘ve got doors.
Merle: Is it sponge dice?
Magnus: Engine?
Hurley: Nope, got an engine.
Magnus: Gasoline.
Taako: Wheels?
Hurley: Gasoline, kind of. Uh—
Magnus: Top? Like a top?
Taako: But not a car, right? It‘s a wagon?
Merle: It‘s a wagon.
Magnus: Wagon gas? To put in your wagon engine?
Taako: Uh, listen. I know you‘re really worried about your friend right now,
and I know you don‘t know us really well. But let me promise you this.
Justin: Are we out of the zone of truth?
Griffin: Yeah, yeah. You‘re far away from it.
Taako: Everything‘s gonna be fine.
Griffin: Hey everybody, this is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master and
your best buddy in the whole wide world. Thank you all so much for listening
to The Adventure Zone, episode 21. We‘re about halfway through the
current story arc, and if you can't tell based on where it‘s going, I'm very
excited for where it‘s going. I have a jumbotron message here from one listener to another. I
hope they both listen, or else, what is the point of buying a message on the
show? If you want to get a message on the show, all you have to do is go to
MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron, and uh, they'll tell you exactly how to get a
message on the show. It‘s pretty easy.
This message is for Caroline, and it‘s from Joel Barclay, who says, ―Happy
birthday, Caroline! Congratulations on being a year older. Looking forward to
the next one with you. Yours truly, Joel. And there‘s a smiley face
emoticon. And I've been doing these for a few years now on the other
podcast we do, and it‘s really hard to enunciate emoticons, so…
I'm gonna try and smile in a way that makes a noise, and I hope it comes
through. That‘s actually the sound I make every
time I smile. It‘s grotesque. Happy birthday, Caroline!
Got another message here for Ranger Columbo, and it‘s from Sith Bilbo, who
says… ―Happy sixth anniversary! How did a common woodland
Dracula like me ever end up with a Jedi like you? A mystery. To mark the
occasion, I sent the brothers your three Psychopomp prints as they and Papa
McElroy are our Psychopomps through the Valley of Dull Times, lighting the
way with their goofs. I hope they like the prints as much as I like you.
XOXO. 
This is the part where I pretend that I got the prints, although I didn‘t,
because I don‘t have a P.O. box in Austin, but my brothers have P.O. boxes
in Los Angeles and Huntington, which I'm sure you can find the address of
on our other podcast, and um… yeah. I'm sure they're really great prints, 
but I don‘t get anything. People send them cookies. I don‘t get any of those
cookies. 100% of those cookies get eaten by the time I get to them.
Anyway, happy anniversary Ranger and Sith. I'm sure those are your first
names. I'm just sure of it.
I want to thank everybody who‘s been tweeting about and sharing the show
on Twitter and the like. We really appreciate it. We appreciate your iTunes
reviews. Oh, if you tweet about the show using the #TheZoneCast hash tag,
you might end up as a character on the show, like… Captain Captain Bane,
who‘s named for Vinton Bane, who‘s @flesheater on Twitter. You could end
up like Lieutenant Hurley, who‘s named after Jill Hurley, @genealogy_jill on
Twitter. Or you could end up like Sloane, who was named after Kate Sloan,
who‘s @SparkleSloan on Twitter.
Those are just a few characters that ended up in this arc. There‘s probably a
couple more that we‘re gonna name for this arc, so get those tweets in, and
uh, thank you so much for telling everybody that you know about the show.
We've seen a lot of people tell their friends who are into D&D. Seeing a
bunch of people say to their friends who aren't into D&D, but might like the
show anyway. Seen a lot of people start playing D&D because of the show,
which is really flattering. So, thank you all so much for sharing the show.
Oh! One last thing! We are doing our first live show ever next month at the
LA PodFest. If you're in town, I think there‘s still passes available for the LA
PodFest. It runs from September 18th to September 20th. There‘s tons of
great shows that are gonna be there that you can find the full lineup at
LAPodFest.com. Uh, we‘re gonna be there. My Brother, My Brother, and Me
is also doing a show there. But then like, WTF with Marc Maron is gonna be
there. Giant Bomb cast is gonna be there. There‘s a ton of great shows that
are gonna be there.
If you can make it to LA, cool. If you can't – this is very exciting – we‘ll be
streaming every podcast from the festival live, and you can get your ticket
to watch that stream at LAPodFest.com, and then just use the coupon code
'Adventure.‘ By doing that, you're gonna be able to watch all of the podcasts
live. I think they archive them for like a month, so if you miss them, you can
still watch them afterwards, which is really cool. I think tickets are like 25 
bucks, but you can save five bucks off that just by using the coupon code
'Adventure.‘
And by doing that, you actually help us out, too, because we get a cut of the
ticket sales when you use that coupon code. So yeah, uh, we‘re nervous
slash excited for that, so if you want to watch that show live, again, it‘s
LAPodFest.com, and use the coupon code 'Adventure.‘
Okay, that‘s it. I'm going to let you all get back to the episode now. Uh, the
next episode will be up on August 27th, so I will talk to you then. Bye!
Travis: Griffin, do we—I guess I‘ll roll for perception. I want to see… she
seems very confident in her abilities.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: I want to see if that‘s, like—is that insight or perception to see if
that‘s like, justified, or if we‘re dealing with kind of a Little Rascals-esque
situation here.
Griffin: A Little Rascals-esque situation where, like, Buckwheat makes
Alfalfa, like, go steal something for him? And then—
Travis: No, where like, they think, like, ―We‘ve got this! We‘re gonna win
the big race! But really she‘s not very good.
Griffin: I mean, she seems really confident in herself.
Travis: Okay.
Griffin: You don‘t need an insight check for that. And this wagon looks
pretty badass. She tells you, uh…
Hurley: The part that I need is a really integral component. Um, you‘re
allowed to come up with any propulsion system you want for your battle 
wagon, and mine requires what‘s called an arcane core. And it powers the
wagon‘s engines and some of its other special features – we‘ll get to those
later – but they‘re a really rare commodity. And, um… Fortunately, there‘s a
rival group of racers called the Hammerheads. And, uh, I‘ve been following
their activities for a while, and they just got in a shipment. So if you can
break into their garage, and get me one of these arcane cores—
Taako: Sure.
Hurley: I can win you that race, and I can bring The Raven‘s reign of terror
to an end. Um…
Magnus: How many of them are there?
Merle: You don‘t care if these guys get killed, right?
Hurley: I do. I-I do. You can‘t—
Merle: Aw, geez…
Hurley: You can‘t—listen, I wish I could give you lethal authority, but I am
still sworn to uphold, well, the important laws. I know I am sort of in a gray
area a little bit, but… I need you to get in there, don‘t kill anyone, uh, and
get me one of those arcane cores and then bring it back here.
It might be a little bit tricky not to kill anyone, because they‘re a pretty…
they‘re known for being a pretty savage group of racers out on the track?
Um… they don‘t take as light a touch as The Raven and I used to, um, but…
Uh, yeah, I need you to get in there, get me one of those arcane cores, and
get right back here.
Magnus: Is this, like, a big gang? Is this like, twenty people, or is this, like,
we‘re dealing with two or three?
Hurley: I would say their total numbers are about ten?
Magnus: Cool.
Merle: Well, then, flashback to what Taako said just a few minutes ago.
Taako: It will be fine. Everything‘s gonna be great.
Merle: Yeah!
Taako: Yeah, we‘ll be able to handle this, no problem.
Merle: No problem!
Magnus: You don‘t have any, like, knock out gas, or…
Taako: Or guns?
Hurley: No, I left it at—no—
Merle: Nuclear weapons?
Hurley: I do have one of those, actually. I got a fat—I got a—
Magnus: Maybe some poison that‘ll knock them unconscious, and then like,
in two days, they‘ll get up.
Hurley: No, I mean, that‘s some—I was hoping that you guys would have
like, the stuff you needed to do adventure the way that you like to do it.
Taako: Do you have poison that‘ll knock them out for two days and then
they‘ll get back up and everything looks exactly like delicious hamburgers?
Because I think if we had that, we would have a really good shot.
Magnus: Or maybe in a donut? A donut would be good.
Taako: A giant—okay, listen. What does everybody really wanna eat more 
than anything? Well, I‘ll answer that, and it‘s the giant, Little Debbie oatmeal
pie from Honey I Shrunk the Kids. If we could get one of those and poison—
Justin: Honey I Shrunk the Kids, Dad, was a film starring Rick Moranis,
where he shrun—later, you might be familiar—
Travis: It was also, to be fair, it was also a TV show. Yeah.
Justin: Starring Peter Scolari, yeah.
Taako: But, we get a giant one of those that‘s poisoned, and like, that
would be—that would work too, like a poison knockout poison, two day
knockout poison.
Magnus: I think the way to go is definitely, like, poisoned food of some
sort.
Hurley: I don‘t really have anything like that.
Magnus: Uhh, is there a catering company that we could hire?
Hurley: Are you guys just hungry?
Merle: Kinda.
Magnus: I have formulated a plan.
Clint: Oh boy.
Magnus: Here‘s what we need from you, Hurley.
Hurley: Hit me.
Magnus: We need something that they might be interested in buying. We
can present ourselves as peddlers—
Taako: Ooh, I like this.
Magnus: —that are trying to sell to them some component they might need
to get us in.
Merle: Yeah!
Taako: Yeah, rogue traders, right?
Magnus: Yeah, something… something to get us in the door. And then we
can acquire the part you need much easier, while two of us distract them.
Hurley: I mean, I have a few parts leftover from these uh, from these cars
that I've stripped for parts. I guess you could give that a shot. Um, I got a—
I got this harpoon gun, I got a uh, a cannon. I guess you could all kinda load
those up in one of these wagons and just push it right over there.
Magnus: Is that next door?
Hurley: I mean, the most valuable—no, it‘s um… it‘s a few blocks away.
Magnus: Ugh.
Hurley: The most valuable thing I‘ve got is this battle wagon, but there‘s
no way I‘m gonna risk that.
Taako: That makes sense.
Merle: Let‘s challenge em to a race.
Taako: What if we raced em?
Hurley: I don‘t have anything—
Taako: Like, race 'em for pinks!
Hurley: I don‘t have anything to race them with right now. This one‘s not
running—
Taako: You got the battle wag—oh. This one doesn‘t work. Right.
Hurley: Yeah. You mean like a foot race?
Taako: Can you just disassemble this battle wagon and make a shittier
one? That doesn‘t need this part?
Magnus: Clearly we‘re not, uh, pushed on time.
Hurley: Yeah, um, I mean…
Taako: We can montage it.
Hurley: They‘re pretty formidable racers themselves, I doubt that they‘re
gonna be pushovers.
Magnus: I did think my plan was pretty good.
Hurley: Which one was yours? Was yours the foot race?
Magnus: No, mine was the one where we pretend to be traders.
Hurley: Oh yeah.
Merle: Undercover parts salesmen.
Taako: Yeah. You—you don‘t think there‘s anything they‘d wanna trade for?
Hurley: I mean, you could give it a shot. I don‘t know their business
practices. They like their weapons, so if they were going to trade for
anything, it might be that. But these arcane cores are really, really valuable.
I doubt they‘d wanna just do a fair trade with you. They‘re also known for—
Merle: We‘re not talking about a fair trade.
Taako: Yeah, a really unfair trade.
Hurley: These are a pretty violent bunch, there‘s no guarantee that they
won‘t just jump you and take those parts for themselves.
Taako: Hey, uh, I have an idea. Merle, do you think… do you think they
may need religion?
Merle: Why—
Hurley: I think I‘m just gonna go ahead and jump in right here. Cut you off
at the pass. I very, I very much doubt it.
Magnus: Well, you don‘t know what‘s in their hearts.
Hurley: That is true.
Taako: Let Merle take a second to share the good word.
Merle: Let me just tell you about Pan.
Hurley: I‘m good.
Magnus: I have another—I have another idea.
Clint: Are we roleplaying within roleplaying?
Hurley: This is gonna be great. Why don‘t the three of you each try your
own thing, and it‘ll be like a little contest?
Taako: Wait a minute! This is—this is perfect. Yes, that is what we will 
do. We have three different approaches, and we are each going to try our
three different approaches on the Hammerheads.
Merle: Excellent! Yes!
Magnus: Okay, mine involves me getting beat up.
Griffin: Okay, exterior, night. What are—what are the three—well, y‘know
what? I don‘t wanna hear what the approaches are. We‘ll just—you tell me
who wants to go first.
Travis: I would like to go first.
Clint: I‘ll go first.
Griffin: Okay, so exte—
Justin: I want Merle to go first. I‘m more excited about Merle‘s.
Griffin: Okay, exterior, night. Uh, you uh—the three of you are uh,
congregated around the corner from the entrance to the hideout of the
Hammerheads, a savage racing crew whose headquarters you are
attempting to infiltrate. Um, and uh, keep in mind that you are—have been
forbidden by Hurley to kill anybody.
Clint: Well, she can forbid all she wants.
Griffin: The uh, the Hammerhead headquarters is uh, surrounded
by a twelve foot scrap metal reinforced wall with uh, twin spirals of barbed
wire at the top of it. There‘s a large, imposing gate in the middle of the wall
on the street that you are peeking out onto, and there are two ruffians
holding—two human ruffians holding large clubs, chatting with each other
idly by this gate. And then, adjacent to the gate, poking right out of the tall
metal wall is a booth with a glass window looking out onto the street, and
inside, you see a third ruffian.
Travis: Okay.
Merle: Alright. I walk up to the two ruffians. Hello friends!
Ruffian 1: Hey uh, hold it right there buddy. Hey!
Hold it right there buddy! Don‘t come any closer, we‘re doin‘- we‘re doin‘
important business.
Ruffian 2: Yeah, we‘re doin‘
important business!
Griffin: The second one says.
Merle: You Bowery Boys… y'know, those are pretty—
Travis: The first guy who talked is the lowest voiced character Griffin‘s
gonna do out of all these ruffians.
Griffin: Yes.
Merle: Those are pretty impressive clubs. But let me tell you about my
impressive club… the club of Pan. The club of Pan—
Ruffian 1: What is that, like some sort of bread?
Merle: No, no, it‘s like, it‘s like a wonderful, beautiful place where you will
spend eternity. Do you know where you‘re gonna go after you die?
Ruffian 1: Uh, I‘ll never die! I‘m too, I‘m too strong!
Ruffian 2: Yeah, he‘s real strong!
Travis: My mommy told me I‘ll never die!
Ruffian 2: He‘s real strong!
Ruffian 3: Hey uh, hey!
Griffin: Third guy in the booth says…
Ruffian 3: Hey, uh, hey bud, why don‘t you scram? We uh, we‘re doin‘
business here, okay? We don‘t wanna hurt you, you seem like a nice enough
lil bloke. Why don‘t you get out of here, and we‘ll—
Merle: Well, that‘s very nice of you. I‘m here on business too, the business
of saving your souls.
Ruffian 3: They‘re pretty safe already. I‘m pretty cool with how my soul is.
Ruffian 2: Yeah me too!
Ruffian 1: Yeah, me too, so uh… why don‘t you sk—
Merle: You really think so?
Travis: Griffin, it‘s traditional—
Merle: Let me tell you something, you don‘t know what‘s coming down the
road. Someone could try to poison you! Someone could try to rob you!
Someone could try to kill you! Someone could run a train right into this
building.
Merle: Wouldn‘t that be terrible? And then, where you gonna be? Under the
train is the answer.
Travis: Griffin, I don‘t wanna tell you how to do your job, but most of the 
time, DMs will let people roll instead of just trying to bullshit their way
through scenes.
Griffin: No, I don‘t wanna—I don‘t wanna do anything to get in the way of
this.
Ruffian 1: Um… so wait, are you gonna—is someone gonna try to run a
train through here? What‘s—is someone gonna try to poison us?
Merle: There is a chance of all of those happening. It‘s a wicked world. Do
you know how—
Travis: Wait, are you an insurance salesman, or a religious figure?
Ruffian 1: Listen, listen, listen—
Clint: Yes I am.
Ruffian 1: I‘ve heard a pitch like this before, but it‘s like—most of the time
it‘s like, 'cut your wicked ways,‘ not like, 'God‘s gonna kill ya with a train.‘
'Cause where‘s a train gonna come from?
Merle: Oh, listen, let me tell you something, let me tell you something. Out
there in the world, there are all kinds of bad, bad people, miscreants. Just
when you think you‘re the evilest, most powerful, wickedest person out
there, there‘s people right outside your door, right out there in the dark,
who are going to come in and take everything you have. And then where will
you be? Dead! That‘s where you‘ll be. Are you catchin‘ my drift yet, boyo?
Ruffian 1: I think your drift is that you‘re gonna try an‘ kill us with a train
or something. I gotta tell ya, I‘m kind of startin‘ to pick up what you‘re
puttin‘ down, and I‘m not sure I like the smell of your jib.
Merle: Let me, let me point you, look. Look up in the—
Travis: I elbow Taako.
Magnus: Did he not wash his jib before he went up there?
Merle: Allow me to show. Now if you look, you will see right down there…
Clint: And just then, I use thaumaturgy.
Griffin: Uh, to make a train?
Clint: To make a loud sound of a train at the other end of the street.
Ruffian 1: Holy shit! This guy‘s not kiddin‘, he‘s got some sort of train
powers!
Merle: Now I would like to help you guys avoid that train!
Ruffian 1: Wh-what are you gonna do?
Ruffian 2: Yeah, tell us! What do we have to do? We‘ll do anything!
Merle: You gotta run like crazy-shit.
Ruffian 1: Well, uh—you don‘t wanna convert us to your… your bread
religion?
Merle: Yeah, I‘ll—you go ahead and run, I‘ll catch up to ya, and I‘ll give you
one of these Extreme Teen Bibles that I‘m holding in my hand, right in just a
few minutes.
Ruffian 3: Wow that‘s a cool lookin‘ Bible! Unfortunately, I like my current
religion I‘m affiliated with. I‘m a Lutheran, so I‘m gonna stick with that.
Merle: Whoa! Woo-woo!! Don‘t‘cha hear that? Woo-woo! Oh, it‘s gettin‘
louder!
Ruffian 2: Guys, you can stay here if you want, I‘m gettin the hell out of
here.
Griffin: And the uh, the littlest one standing outside by the gate scampers
off. And his bigger, uh, counterpart that was standing there, yells uh…
Ruffian 1: Hey Jerry, get back Jerry—oh, Jerry! Ugh, Jerry‘s really afraid of
trains, you‘ve really spooked him. Why don‘t you get out of here bud, you‘re
startin‘ to pester us.
Merle: Alright, Jerry. Jerry just ran away? Oh.
Ruffian 1: Yea, my name‘s not Jerry.
Merle: He left his wallet.
Ruffian 1: It‘s… Jerry-yyy…
Merle: Jerreeeee? Is that with two e‘s at the end?
Jerreeeeee: Six.
Travis: It‘s italicized.
Merle: Jerreeeeee. Y‘know, Jerreeeeee, people… people who need people
are the luckiest people in the world.
Griffin: He uh, grabs his club with—he grabs his club with two hands and
starts to walk towards you.
Jerreeeeee: Bud, I‘m not kidding. You gotta get out of here. I smell
somethin‘ funny, and I think it‘s your jib. Get out!
Clint: I run! I run so far away!
Griffin: Okay, alright, he chases—
Merle: I gotta return Jerry‘s wallet! Jerry!!
Griffin: He chases you down the street a little bit and then stops and
returns to his post.
Travis: Okay, Magnus waits an appropriate amount of time until everything
calms down. I walk up to the gate.
Magnus: Hello! I would like to join your gang, please.
Jerreeeeee: Okay, you gotta pay the dues, you gotta pay your gang dues,
and that‘s—
Magnus: How much would that be? What‘s the going rate for a gang? Is it
a monthly thing? Do I need to like, pay up front?
Jerreeeeee: Oh, it‘s—there‘s no subscription service, just a one-time fee of
ten thousand. Ten thousand up front. Then you get in.
Magnus: Ten thousand what now?
Jerreeeeee: Goldens.
Magnus: I‘ve got this fish. I don‘t know if that helps.
Jerreeeeee: Oh, let me see him. Can I hold him?
Magnus: Well, you can see him with your eyes.
Jerreeeeee: Oh, no let me hold him. Listen, I‘ll give you access to this
gang, you just gotta give me that fish forever.
Magnus: I‘m sorry, I can‘t do that. But!
Jerreeeeee: Why would you even tea—why would cocktease me like that?
Magnus: I can tell you where to get other fish like this. I‘ve got a guy. I got
a fish guy. He can set up your whole gang with fish. If you let me in the
gang, I will hook you up with my guy on LinkedIn, and—sorry,
ChainLinkedIn, and you can… you can get in there and get all the fish you
want.
Jerreeeeee: It‘s a nice offer. The problem is, I see your fish, and I like
him. And I think I love him a little bit?
Magnus: Oh, I get that. I get that. He has that effect on people. Steven is
very charming.
Jerreeeeee: I tell ya what, why don‘t—
Justin: Hey, just to clarify, just so I‘m clear on this. The other two are
watching, right? Like we can see—we‘re—
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: Okay, good, I just wanna make sure.
Griffin: Um, he says…
Jerreeeeee: I‘ll tell ya—I‘ll tell ya what you can join the gang, and then I‘ll
get the fish Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Magnus: What is today?
Jerreeeeee: Today is a Thursday.
Magnus: Okay, I like this so far.
Jerreeeeee: How do you not know what day it is?
Magnus: Y‘know, I‘ve been very busy.
Jerreeeeee: I get that. Sometimes time just sort of slips away from you.
Magnus: Ah, tell me about it. You don‘t have that nine to five, y‘know what
I mean? And pretty soon it‘s like, whoa, what even day is it without the
weekly board meetings?
Griffin: The guy in the booth yells…
Ruffian 3: Hey Jerreeeeee, I don‘t think the boss would like you uh, lettin‘
members into the gang without consultin‘ with him first.
Magnus: I‘m happy to meet with this boss.
Jerreeeeee: Uh, I tell ya what. Why don‘t you—
Griffin: This is Jerreeeeee. This is Jerreeeeee talking. Says uh…
Jerreeeeee: I tell you what, why don‘t you let me go inside, and I‘ll check
with the boss. You stay here, I‘ll go inside and check with the boss, and uh,
we can uh, we can move on from there.
Magnus: Sounds great!
Griffin: He uh, he goes in. The guy in the booth flips a switch, and a small
opening in the gate opens up, and the guy goes in. And then the guy in the
booth flips the switch again, and the door shuts, and now it‘s just you and
the guy in the booth.
Travis: I look at the guy in the booth and I say…
Magnus: Oh wait, did he say Thursday?
Ruffian 3: Yeah. Yeah, he says Thursday. Are you drunk? It‘s Thursday!
Magnus: Oh sorry! I will be right back. If he comes back before I get back,
tell him, like, ten minutes tops. I‘ll be right back.
Ruffian 3: Okay. The boss is gonna be pretty miffed if he comes out—
Magnus: Ten. Literally like, ten minutes. Ten minutes.
Ruffian 3: Alright.
Travis: I run back to Taako and Merle.
Magnus: Okay I took out another one. One left, Taako. Taako, there‘s one
left. You got this.
Merle: Go, do your magic.
Justin: Okay, I uh, out of sight of the guards, cast Disguise Self on me, to
look exactly like Jerry.
Clint: Ohhh, brilliant.
Justin: You gotta say that into the mic, Dad. I want it recorded for
posterity.
Clint: Ahhh, brilliant.
Justin: There we go.
Griffin: What is—what is this spell?
Justin: What?
Griffin: What is this spell? I‘ve never heard of it.
Justin: Uh, Disguise Self lets me alter my appearance to look like
whatever, for an hour. I can only, uh… there are some limitations on it. Uh,
what is Jerry, by the way? What is his—
Clint: Human.
Griffin: He‘s a hue-man.
Justin: Hue-man. Okay.
Clint: Now ,we‘re talking Jerry, not Jerreeeeee.
Griffin: Little Jerry. Little Jerry, afraid of trains.
Justin: Yeah, Little Jerry Afraid-of-Trains. Including my clothing, armor,
weapons and other belongings on my person look different until the spell
ends, until I dismiss it. Uh, I can seem one foot shorter or taller, or can
appear thin, fat or in between.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Justin: Uh, so I—I saw Jerry. That‘s why I wanted to clarify that we were
watching this.
Griffin: Ahhh, okay.
Justin: I change myself to look exactly like Jerry.
Griffin: M‘kay.
Clint: And to help sell it, I come walking back with my hand on Jerry
patting him on the shoulder,
Merle: Well, I found him, I talked him into coming back! Here‘s your wallet,
Jerry.
Taako: This a real smart guy, see. But
listen guys now I gotta take a poop.
Griffin: What?
Taako: Y‘know like a poop, like a real emergent poop.
Merle: That‘s why I brought you back, old buddy.
Taako: Hey listen, man, I really appreciate it. You guys should listen to this
guy, he‘s a smart fella. I gotta take a poooop.
Ruffian 3: Well, I get that. Why can't you—you know we don‘t have a
bathroom in the garage. That would be disgusting.
Taako: Let me into the garage—well, of course,
Justin: Okay, that doesn‘t make sense. They‘re doing a lot of work in there.
They would need some sort of place to poop.
Ruffian 3: I don‘t know what to tell you, bud, we don‘t got a bathroom. I
don‘t know what to tell you, bud.
Travis: The bathroom‘s for customers only.
Ruffian 3: You should know this. You work here, you know we don‘t got a
bathroom.
Merle: You know how when you have to really really really really poop, you
don‘t really think straight.
Taako: Listen, I gotta really poop, but I—I left my TP in the garage.
Ruffian 3: Do you need—listen to me, Little Jerry. You‘ve always been my
favorite. Do you need me to take you—and don‘t be afraid, and don‘t be
embarrassed, because we‘ve all been there, but do you need me to take you
to the—to the john?
Taako: Is it inside the garage?
Ruffian 3: It‘s not inside the garage. I can—
Griffin: He, uh, he opens up the door to the booth and walks outside. He‘s
like…
Ruffian 3: Give me your hand, I‘ll walk you to the john. We‘ll just go and
we‘ll take care of your business, and we‘ll be back before the boss knows
we‘re gone.
Clint: And you could poop.
Taako: S-sounds great.
Ruffian 3: 'Kay, come with me.
Griffin: He says.
Justin: Come watch me poop.
Travis: Merle, clobber him.
Justin: I gotta roll to see if I have to poop, 'cause I need to make this look
real. Constipation check.
Griffin: Uh, this would actually be a bluff check, thank you for reminding
me, Justin.
Justin: Aw, shit.
Griffin: Yeah, exactly.
Justin: Which part? The part that I‘m Jerry, or the part that I have to use
the bathroom very bad?
Griffin: Just this whole situation, I think you‘re bluffing, like, six different
ways. He‘s gonna roll an insight check to contest.
Justin: Uhh, yes…
Griffin: He rolled a 14.
Justin: Well, I‘ve got a… what‘s the adjusting stat on that? Bluff…
Travis: Yeah, there‘s no bluff Griffin.
Griffin: Oh there‘s not?
Travis: No, not in fifth edition.
Griffin: There‘s not a lie? Lying?
Travis: Uhh, performance?
Justin: There‘s uh, deception!
Travis: Deception.
Griffin: Deception, yeah, that‘s what it is.
Justin: I got a 16.
Griffin: Okay, yeah.
Ruffian 3: Alright, come with me Little Jerry. Give me your hand, don‘t get
lost.
Griffin: And he starts to uh, walk off with you, down the street.
Clint: Towards the shitter.
Griffin: Towards the shitter.
Travis: I walk back up, and just kinda stand with Merle and go…
Magnus: Uh, do—should we wait?
Merle: He left the door open!
Magnus: I mean, I know, but like, should we help Taako? Is he gonna go in
the bathroom with that strange man?
Justin: And then you guys hear… you hear from your stone that you have
with you. Your Farspeak stone.
Travis: Uh-huh.
Taako: Well I think this is gonna be fine, I‘m not worried at all.
Taako: I think that um, it‘s gonna be a fine poop and I can totally handle
this whole poop by myself. It‘s not a big deal.
Ruffian 3: Oh Jerry, listen, little Jerry…
Taako: I don‘t want anybody to worry about me.
Ruffian 3: Listen, little Jerry, you can't—
Magnus: Well Merle, sounds like he‘s fine.
Ruffian 3: Little Jerry, you can‘t tell me not to worry about you, y‘know I
love you too much. C‘mon.
Merle: He‘s got shy bowels!
Magnus: Nope, Merle, he‘s gone.
Taako: I‘m gone.
Griffin: Through the Stone of Farspeech - this is good. Through the Stone
of Farspeech, Merle and Magnus, you hear…
Ruffian 3: Wait a minute, who‘s that coming down the street? Wait a
minute, that looks like… that looks like you, Little Jerry. What the hell is
going on?!
Travis: Oh shit.
Griffin: Thank you all for listening. We will have another episode waiting for
you, hot and fresh out the kitchen, on August 27th. Talk to you then!

[BAL22]

Griffin: Previously, on The Adventure Zone… Hurley says…
Hurley: Surely, you all are familiar with the racing that takes place outside
of town.
Magnus: Oh yeah. Big fans!
Hurley: She went by The Raven, and I went by The Ram. It's customary for
battle wagon racers to be anonymous. And I've put together a vehicle
I know I can beat her in. Mine, it requires what's called an arcane core.
Fortunately, there's a rival group of racers called the Hammerheads, and
they just got in a shipment.
Merle: You don't care if these guys get killed. Right?
Hurley: I do. I—I do. You can't—you can't—
Merle: Ohh, geez. I use Thaumaturgy.
Griffin: Uh, to make a train? And the uh, the littlest one—
Clint: Woo woo!
Griffin: —uh, standing outside by the gate, uh, scampers off.
Jerreeeeee: Y-you stay here, I'm gonna go check in with the boss, and
uh…
Magnus: Sounds great.
Taako: I change myself to look exactly like Jerry.
Ruffian 3: Listen to me, little Jerry. Gimme your hand, I'll walk you to the
john.
Taako: S—sounds great!
Griffin: Through the stone of Farspeech, uh, Taako… er uh, Merle and
Magnus, you hear a…
Ruffian 3: Wait a minute, who's that coming down the street? Wait a
minute, that looks like—that looks like you, Lil'—Little Jerry. What the hell is
goin' on!?
Magnus: Ah shit.
The Announcer: I certainly hope none of you are allergic to pickles…
because our heroes are in one! It's the Adventure Zone!
Griffin: Taako disguised himself as Little Jerry, came and lured out the
booth guard, 'cause he had to go to the bathroom, uh, but while walking him
to the bathroom away from you two, um… they ran into the real Lil' Jerry.
Travis: And Taako took care of that?
Justin: No, we're still like, living that right now.
Griffin: We're in it. We're in it.
Travis: Oh, that's the moment we're in. That's the Matthew McConaughey
moment that we have to breathe through. Time is a flat circle.
Griffin: Exactly.
Justin: Okay. Alright. Uh… should I start? Or what should—
Travis: Before we get started! I wanna real quick say we got, um, from
Lukas Polansky this week, some really—
Griffin: What are you doing?
Travis: Wha—we got some d20 keychains from Lukas. And they're really
really beautiful and I wanted to say thank you before I forgot.
Griffin: Okay. Great.
Justin: Like, do you have no respect for narrative?
Travis: That was part of the narrative.
Justin: Did you ever notice that, at the beginning—
Travis: That was all in character. Magnus was saying that.
Justin: You ever notice at the beginning of Casablanca, like, Humphrey
Bogart is like—
Griffin: “Straight up—hold up. Props to—props to Craft Services.”
Justin: “Shout out to Tide for sponsoring this production.”
Travis: Can I ask you guys, in real life, would that not have made that a
way more awesome movie?
Justin: It would have been a cool movie.
Travis: If he just like, looked into the camera and said, “Also, thanks
Steven, for the back rub before this shot. Let's go!”
Clint: What's this old timey movie you're talking about?
Justin: Alright. Hip—
Griffin: “Also, eat Doritos! I'm Casablanca. Thanks for watching.”
Justin: Man, I—can I just compliment all—
Travis: I'm Captain Blanca.
Justin: Can I, uh, compliment all of us on our Humphrey Bogart
impressions, too?
Griffin: Ay, kid! Hey kid!
Clint: I actually do a Humphrey Bogart
imitation.
Travis: Well, but Dad actually does it—
Griffin: Ay, you gotta eat these—
Clint: Play it again, Sam.
Justin: That's good!
Griffin: Ya gotta eat these Doritos, see? It's
like a spicy tortilla chip.
Clint: That was Mo from the Three Stooges.
Justin: It's the latest thing from Mexico! Check out the new Mexican treat, Doritos!
Travis: We call 'em Mexican crunch chips!
Griffin: Um, so—
Justin: You know potato chips, right? This is
gonna run these right outta business.
Griffin: Justin, I feel like you're stalling? 'Cause you—nobody knows what
they're gonna do.
Justin: I've got—no, I've got it. I've got my situation on lock.
Griffin: M'kay.
Justin: You want me to take—you want me to start? Want me to kick it off?
Griffin: Little Jerry sees, uh, the two of you walking and says…
Little Jerry: Hey, that looks like me! What's goin' on?
Taako: Holy shit, an imposter!
Justin: I cast Sleep.
Griffin: On whom?
Justin: On Little Jerry.
Griffin: Okay. How do we resolve this… this spell cast?
Justin: Uhh… let me pop open my uh, my handy dandy spell, uh, manual
here, and I'll tell you exactly the answer to the question… which you have so
kindly asked, to me…
Clint: Actually, you know, if you had these nifty spell cards like I have, you
wouldn't need that old fashioned computer.
Griffin: God, we absolutely need to get all of you all of those, before we do
the live show.
Clint: Ohh. These are the coolest.
Travis: I don't use spells? Do I—do I have, like, a—
Griffin: Yeah, Travis has—Travis has—
Travis: —some cards that have like, where I punch?
Griffin: Travis has one spell card, and it just has 'Punch.'
Travis: Punch punch punch!
Griffin: And it says, 'roll dice to punch.'
Travis: To be fair, I also have a kick card. I've got kick, punch, and it's all
in the mind.
Clint: Do you not have a head butt card?
Travis: Uh, Magnus would never risk his moneymaker.
Griffin: He has a head and a butt card.
Clint: Ah. And a fold in the middle chair? Card?
Griffin: You don't want—you don't wanna know what the butt card does.
Justin, it sure is taking you a while to find that spell, my dude.
Justin: Well… 
Travis: Justin can't read.
Justin: Ah, okay. It's a first level enchantment. Uhh… the… creature with
the lowest hit points, so I roll—
Griffin: That's gonna be Little Jerry.
Justin: Yeah. I roll five d8. That's if it splits.
Griffin: Oh, right right. Okay. I remember this.
Justin: So I roll five d8, and if I beat his hit points…
Griffin: Yeah, go for it.
Justin: 'Kay. Let me just grab all the…
Clint: They're right there.
Justin: What? Oh thanks, Pop. Uhh, that's the little diamond shape. Okay.
Uh, three… six… three…
Griffin: Mafia. Oh, sorry.
Justin: Six…
Clint: Sign of the beast…
Justin: And five.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: So that's… I don't know. Three, six, three, six…
Travis: 23.
Griffin: Little Jerry—Little Jerry says…
Little Jerry: What the hell is goin' o—
Griffin: And he falls to the ground.
Justin: Okay. Who's with me? Do I have a name of the guy who was with
me?
Griffin: Uh, you don't know his name. He was the guy in the booth. Uh, and
he goes…
Ruffian 3: Okay? Well, I guess that uh… I guess that explains that. Um…
Taako: Can you believe this? Looks like we're gettin'
infiltrated!
Ruffian 3: But—so, he was tryin' to infiltrate us? And then he just… passed
out? Did he get spooked or somethin'?
Taako: Listen. We need to check on—listen. What would
the boss be the angriest about if we lost? The core, right? We need to go
check on the core! Make sure it's okay! 'Cause we're obviously under some
sort of threat here!
Ruffian 3: Yeah, I mean, you got a pretty good point… um, I—I—I feel like
we need to grab Little Jerry though, the fake Little Jerry…
Taako: Fake Little Jerry and kill him! I'm totally with you on
this, we need to kill him!
Ruffian 3: Well, no, I was—
Taako: This fake Little Jerry!
Ruffian 3: No, I was sayin', fake Little Jerry we could bring inside, and we
gotta interrogate him. Find out
Taako: When'd you turn in—when'd you go soft? Huh?
When'd you go soft?
Ruffian 3: Well no, it's just like, we need to gather information.
Taako: When we were growin' up—we were growin' up
together, in the streets. Out there, in the streets of Goldcliff. Y'know, we—you were never soft.
Ruffian 3: We met, like, two months—
Taako: You saw—you saw a dead bird, and you—
Ruffian 3: We met, like, two months ago!
Taako: You saw a dead bird, you'd step on it. You'd say, “I
hate birds!” You were—you had no heart. Heartless Hank, we called you.
Was it Hank? Remind me what your real name is, 'cause I can only
remember the great nicknames I've given you over the months.
Ruffian 3: You've never called me Heartless Hank! What're you—what're
you—what are you sayin'?
Taako: Sorry, I had a seizure. Let's—listen. We gotta kill
this imposter. Or throw him in a well, or somethin'.
Griffin: Uh, he—
Taako: Let's well him.
Griffin: He's gonna make a… Heartless Hank is gonna make an insight
check.
Travis: This whole time, like… Merle and I are listening to this through the
Farstones, just like, shaking our heads.
Griffin: Yeah. Uh, he rolled a 15, so he is uh… he is becoming
increasingly agitated. He uh, he says…
Ruffian 3: I tell ya what, bud. Why don't you actually tell me… my real
name?
Justin: Okay, I roll a—
Travis: Okay, let's Sherlock this out. There was a smudge on his collar.
Justin: I roll a percep—I roll a perception check.
Griffin: M'kay.
Justin: 16!
Griffin: Uh, he's wearing a necklace that says 'Bradley'. No!
Justin: It is completely conceivable he would have a nametag. Maybe. Or in
his underwear?
Griffin: In a gang!? In a gang!? Welcome to MS13, here's your name
tag, Charles!
Justin: Here's your HR packet. There's some stuff on investment
in there. Some essential logins for our, uh, health insurance portal.
Griffin: Um, he—
Travis: But which is an actual portal, because we're playing Dungeons &
Dragons.
Griffin: Right. Uh, he, quick as a—quick as a flash, reaches down to his
belt and, uh, pulls out a dagger and holds it at you, and says…
Justin: Wait, I didn't get to answer the question, though!
Griffin: I—yeah, okay.
Clint: Bradley!
Justin: Griffin. Do you have the name in your head? Do you know… this
man's name?
Griffin: You're saying—okay. You're a—you actually wanna take a shot in
the dark at—I'm gonna write it down. I'm gonna write it—no, this is only fair!
Justin: How 'bout I—I'll take my headphones off for ten seconds, and you
tell them, okay?
Clint: Alright.
Griffin: Well, no, 'cause then Dad could tell you.
Clint: He's got—I won't tell him! He's got his headphones—I'm on a
microphone! You'll hear everything I say!
Travis: Plus he's our father, Griffin! Have some respect!
Clint: Yeah, Kreskin!
Griffin: ... is he gone?
Clint: Yeah, he's not listening. He's got his headphones off.
Griffin: ... Barbara.
Clint: Excellent. Okay, you can put your headphones back on.
Travis: Now, can we give him hints?
Griffin: Okay. He's holding this dagger right at you. He says—
Ruffian 3: What's my name?
Taako: Listen... we go back a long ways, right?
Ruffian 3: No, we don't! We met two months ago! My name, now! Or I'm'a
gut ya! I'm gonna gut'cha like a fish.
Taako: It… Your name… of course… is… Taako.
Ruffian 3: Okay. Uh…
Taako: Psych, that's just mine! Say my name!
Justin: I cast Magic Missile.
Griffin: Okay, so, uh, I'll give you—
Travis: Magnus starts running over there.
Griffin: Okay. So we'll do a quick surprise round, but Taako's the only
person who's gonna get the benefits of it.
Clint: Pewww.
Griffin: So, cast Magic Missile.
Clint: C'mon.
Justin: Oh, god, I actually have to cast it now! Alright, right, hold on.
Griffin: Yeah, yeah.
Justin: Okay. So. I create three glowing darts of magical force. Each hits
with, uh, 1d4, plus one force damage to the target. They all strike
simultaneously, and I, uh, can direct them to hit one creature or several.
Griffin: Yeah.
Justin: I'm going to…
Griffin: I think at this point we're all preeetty familiar…
Justin: Well, okay.
Griffin: … with the Magic Missile sort of family of products.
Justin: Okay, well I am—I am uh, gonna cast it as a second-level spell,
'cause I actually have more of those.
Griffin: Oh, damn.
Justin: Um, and add another dart to it.
Griffin: Oh shit!
Justin: So it'll be uh, four. 1d4 plus one force damage.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Bolts. So… uh, three, plus one, four. Four plus one, five.
Clint: Nine.
Justin: So that's nine. Thanks. Two plus one, three.
Clint: 12.
Justin: Three plus one.
Travis: 36.
Clint: No, 16!
Justin: 16! 16 points.
Griffin: Okay. He rears back his dagger as you hesitate to tell, uh, him his
name. Uh, but before he can bring that dagger down on you, you twirl your
umbrella around like a badass, uh, gunslinger move. Uh, it opens up and
four darts of light simultaneously shoot out of it, uh, go take an arc through
the air, and all four collide with him at the same time. Uh, he is staggered by
this. You interrupt his uh, uh, attack, but he is still standing. And let's get
into what I'm sure will be a very, very short fight.
Travis: Have I reached him?
Griffin: Uh, you and Merle, were you running towards this scene as well?
Clint: I was waddling.
Griffin: M'kay, well, you were both about 25 feet, uh, away from this
scene, as we get into initiative time.
Travis: I rolled an 11.
Justin: Uhhh, one.
Griffin: Oh, damn.
Justin: Yeah.
Clint: 13.
Griffin: And you get to roll again, remember?
Clint: Ohh, that's right!
Griffin: Y'all gotta remember your shits.
Clint: 19! Plus one, so a 20.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, Merle is first in the order! Merle, you're about 25 feet
away from this scene, you all took off running. You see uh, this magical
fireworks show, and uh, it's your turn.
Travis: When we reach…
Magnus: Taako, why are you fighting with Barbara!?
Griffin: Well, you wouldn't know his name.
Travis: No, he said it earlier. You weren't there, Griffin.
Griffin: You're right, sorry. I forget that sometimes you guys hang
out with my characters without me.
Justin: It was Barbara?
Griffin: Yeah.
Clint: Who's Barbara?
Justin: Should'a guessed Barbara.
Clint: Uh, I'm… I'm just gonna haul off and hit him with my warhammer.
Travis: I like it.
Griffin: M'kay. Roll a d20.
Clint: Which I have named Smoosher.
Griffin: Oh!
Travis: Ooh, I like that!
Griffin: Yeah, that's fun.
Clint: Yeah, I thought it was kinda cute! Uhh, 11.
Griffin: Uh, that is a miss.
Clint: Ooh...
Griffin: You come run in yelling, “Here comes the train! Chugga chugga
choo-choo.”
Clint: “Get ready to get smooshed!”
Griffin: And you bring the Smoosher down on him, and it just sort of
glances off his elbow.
Clint: Whiff!
Griffin: You whiffed, yeah. Uh, next in the order with the 11 was… Magnus,
I think?
Travis: Yep.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I'm gonna—I'm gonna two handed battle axe at him.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: Attempt to cleft him in twain.
Griffin: Okay!
Travis: That is 13 plus seven, a twenty.
Griffin: Yeah, that's a hit.
Travis: Aaand 1d10... Ooh, that's a ten! Plus six, 16.
Griffin: Okay, yeah. Uh, you don't cleft him in twain, but you get a pretty—
you get pretty deep in him and, uh, and he falls to the ground.
Taako: Noo!
Griffin: What's wrong?
Taako: I never even learned his name.
Griffin: Yeah.
Merle: Barbara.
Taako: Yeah, I'll never know.
Merle: Yeah, it was Barbara.
Taako: I'll never figure it out.
Magnus: It was Barbara.
Taako: It's lost to time.
Merle: Nope, nope. It's Barbara.
Magnus: It says right here in his wallet, “I am Barbara.”
Taako: Listen, I'll use process of elimina—
Magnus: Also, there's ten gold and I'm taking them.
Taako: I'll use process of elimination, it's clearly not Taako. So that's one
name down.
Magnus: We'll put that on the tombstone.
Taako: Let's start with Aaron! That's at the top, two A's.
Griffin: As this man is bleeding out, uh, at your feet, uh, you remember
the, uh, orders of lieutenant Hurley, who uh, humbly requested that you not
murder anybody during this sneaking mission.
Travis: Oh, I meant that non-lethally, clefted—
Griffin: You said 'cleft in twain', sir.
Travis: But I meant non-lethally.
Griffin: Tell me, if you can explain to me how you cut somebody in half,
survivably…
Travis: With my words.
Justin: Yeah, what kind of gross Hannibal stuff are you like, uh—like uh,
expertise in human—
Travis: When I meant—when I said 'cleft him in twain', I meant like,
caused some kind of psychological schism that would make him—
Griffin: Well, you've done that!
Travis: Put him in a fugue state.
Griffin: Yeah, he's in a state alright.
Clint: What if you cut him in half at the waist, thereby avoiding the life and
death organs…
Travis: I cut him in half at the waist, and then he just plops back together.
Clint: Do I have time to heal him?!
Griffin: Yeah, sure, if you want to burn a healing spell on him.
Clint: Oh, good point.
Travis: Remind me, what did Hurley say would happen if we killed
somebody?
Griffin: Well she is a cop, so... there's not—I mean…
Travis: But she's not like, prescient. She won't know.
Justin: No, listen. This is gonna be a lot—okay, should we talk about this in
character? Let's talk about this in character.
Taako: Listen, um, I feel like she's gonna be pretty—okay first off, let me
own this one. Because I did—this is on me, alright? This one's Taako's. But uh, it
seems like we should heal... him...? Because, if he die—like, Hurley, we
need her on our side. Um, now there is one other option… Maybe we just disappear this little problem? She didn't say anything about,
uh, these guys wandering off, you know? Wandering off and no one ever
hears from them again. She didn't say anything about that, right?
Merle: Good point.
Taako: Maybe, maybe—
Magnus: Yeah, we might need those— We
might need those heal slots.
Taako: We may need the heal slots, we're definitely not gonna need a
corpse.
Merle: So you're saying we eat him?
Taako: What I'm saying is―no, what? Absolutely not!
Griffin: Oh my god!
Merle: No, wait no!
Magnus: Stop recommending that, Merle!
Taako: Who said anything about eating him?
Merle: Kidding, kidding! Heh heh.
Taako: We just need to like...
Magnus: Make an extra-dimensional hole?
Taako: ... get rid of him?
Merle: Oh, if only one us had that… ohh!
Taako: Wait, so I'm not—you're not gonna burn a heal, but I'm gonna
burn—
Merle: Let's face it, if you look at our history…
Magnus: You wanna just bury him?
Taako: How about you take an extra dimensional shovel and dig a fucking
hole? How about that? How about that thing I said? That's an option, lazy
bones.
Justin: Griffin, are there any wells?
Griffin: Are there any wells nearby?
Justin: Do I see any wells?
Clint: We're hell on wells!
Travis: Or maybe like a pig farm?
Justin: That would work!
Griffin: Uh, no, you are uh… there are no wells nearby, so you—
Justin: Open graves?
Griffin: No open graves. You're about—
Travis: Corn field?
Griffin: —two blocks away from the edge of Goldcliff. From the cliff of
Goldcliff.
Magnus: I'll be right back!
Taako: Let's toss this silly corpse off the cliff.
Magnus: Let's put a pin in this. I'll be right back, gotta throw a body―
Taako: Hey, no, you guys. No, let's just work together, it'll make a better
fan art that way.
Magnus: Alright, you grab a leg, you grab a thigh and a wing, I'll get this
side.
Merle: And let's get eatin'!
Magnus: No!
Taako: No! What?
Merle: I thought we were talking about eating him!
Taako: Not gonna eat him.
Merle: Oh.
Magnus: We're going to chuck him.
Taako: We'll not regret it later.
Merle: Oooh!
Justin: Alright we carry the body―it's dark, right? So we carry the body,
uh, through…
Griffin: Yeah, it's dark. So you carry the body out of this seedy side-street
where the Hammerheads' headquarters is located. Uh, towards the edge of
town, the buildings get a bit nicer, 'cause there's actually a pretty scenic
view, uh, overlooking the cliff, uh, looking over—there's a big basin of water
that the uh, waterfalls that are pouring out of Goldcliff are feeding. 
Uh, it's a really lovely view, but it is dark and nobody's out on the streets
tonight. Um… so… you're on the edge. You're on the precipice of glory.
Merle: I—I feel like somebody should say something.
Taako: I'll say something.
Magnus: Okay, geronimo!
Taako: I, um, let me say something. We should check his pockets.
Merle: Yeah, oh yeah!
Magnus: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Taako: Because I don't think we checked.
Travis: Oh, we find the keys! To the place.
Taako: What did we find?
Griffin: Uh, you did—you did find a key. Uhh, you find, uhh, a picture of his
wife and kids.
Travis: But they're kind of ugly.
Griffin: Yeah, and they're all holding… they're all holding swords.
Taako: They look racist.
Griffin: They look— They're all wearing—
Magnus: They have a racist look about them.
Taako: They have a racist—you saw that too, right? These people look
racist.
Magnus: Yeah, the little kid has a, uh, shirt about orcs. It's very offensive,
and I—
Taako: Veeery offensive.
Griffin: They're wearing, um, fantasy confederate flag t-shirts, so it's like a
confederate flag, but it has like, dragons on it?
Taako: I don't even know why Fantasy Spencers sells those.
Griffin: No.
Magnus: It says it's fantasy ironic, but let's be honest, it's just fantasy
offensive.
Griffin: And he uh, has a pouch with three hundred gold coins inside of it.
Travis: He's the richest boy!
Griffin: He must have just won a poker game or something.
Taako: Ahh, well. Life giveth and life taketh away, huh?
Merle: Well, life giveth and we taketh away.
Taako: Well then, more specifically, yes.
Magnus: We'll always remember you, Not-Taako.
Taako: And Probably-Not-Aaron.
Justin: So we—I mean, I—let's chuck him.
Travis: Chucked!
Justin: He's gone.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: We'll call him Chuck.
Clint: But I was just opening my Extreme Teen Bible!
Griffin: Chuck goes flying―
Merle: Ashes to ashes…
Griffin: ―through the air.
Merle: Aww, damn!
Griffin: And he gets smaller and smaller, uh, and smaller, and pretty soon,
you can't see him anymore as he falls, uh, way, way down. Uh, okay.
Mission accomplished, guys!
Merle: We killed a guy!
Magnus: And we return to Hurley, drinks all around!
Taako: Well...
Magnus: What?
Taako: What?
Magnus: Were we doing something?
Justin: Alright, well let's head in.
Griffin: Uh, okay. You head back to the Hammerhead base, uh,
cautiously stepping over the sleeping Lil' Jerry on your way back.
Travis: And the pool of blood that we kinda like, shuffle some sawdust
over.
Griffin: Yeah. Yeah. Uh, yeah, you get rid of the traces of your
heinous act. It was all in self-defense, though. It was self-offense. Is that a
thing?
Clint: Self-offense.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: We decide never to speak of it again 'til next summer.
Griffin: You make your way back to―oh god, I'm totally going to use that.
Um, you make your way back to the front entrance of the Hammerhead
base. Again, the walls are pretty high. About, I think I said about twelve feet
with thick barbed wire on the top of it. There's a small, uh, entrance in the,
uh, large gate. That's the one that, uh, one of the guards went back into,
the one that you fooled, Magnus. And then there is a booth next to the gate.
And that is where the booth guard was.
Travis: And there was probably something to open the gate in the booth?
Is it like a… automated thing?
Griffin: Uh, you did see that the booth attendant opened up the door to let
the other guy in.
Justin: So do we wanna try the key on the booth?
Travis: Yeah.
Justin: To the door to the booth? Okay.
Griffin: M'kay.
Travis: Type in, “Try key on booth.”
Griffin: Okay, you try key on booth. Uh, you just like, start ramming the
key into the booth and it doesn't do anything. But, um, then you remember
how keys work and put it into the keyhole, and it opens the uh, door to the
booth.
Travis: Success!
Justin: Hurray. Thanks.
Clint: Yaaaay us!
Travis: We've solved the booth puzzle!
Griffin: Well, you used a key on the keyhole. Let's not get crazy. Uh,
inside—
Travis: Victory where victory can be found!
Griffin: Uh, inside, there is a large lever that says 'gate control,' uh, and a
small button that says 'door control' on it.
Travis: Hmmm...
Taako: Well, what now?
Magnus: It could be a trick.
Merle: Let's not open the gate.
Magnus: Let's open the door.
Travis: We push the button.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you push the 'open door' button, and sure enough, the 
smaller door that is built into the much, much larger gate, uh, pops open,
allowing you access.
Travis: We did it!
Clint: Let's access!
Griffin: As you enter the Hammerhead base proper, uh, you sort of get the
lay of the land. There isn't anybody out in the main field of this base. It is all
surrounded by this same 12 foot wall. This is the only point, the only obvious
access point, in and out of the space. But it is a large, open field, uh, with
three buildings.
Uh, one is the largest building. It is a very long building with, uh, a bunch of
garage doors built into it, uh, and ramps leading up in through those doors.
One of the doors, the one on the far left, is open. The other five are closed.
So this is a—this is a very big, uh, garage. You can hear people inside of it.
Uh, you hear the sound of, y'know, metal hitting metal. You hear the sound
of work. You hear, y'know, people having conversations. You see some light,
uh, like sparks, coming through that open door, uh, so you get the idea that
there is a bunch of activity in this big, big garage.
Uh, to your—that's directly in front of you. To your left, there is a much
smaller building with just one garage door on it, and no windows. It is just
sort of a plain cinder-block building, uh, just one story high, and significantly
smaller than the other garage.
And then, to your right is a, uh, another one-story building that is pretty
long. There's no garage doors on this one, but there are uh, a few windows
and just one door on the front of it. And uh, that is… that is the lay of the
land. You got a big garage, a small garage, and what looks like uh, like a
tiny little one-story flat.
Travis: Magnus points at his eyes, like does the two fingers like, my
eye―like, let's look in the little building. And like, points at the little building.
Justin: Are there people who are gonna see us between here and there?
Griffin: Uh, there's nobody out in just sort of the general concourse area
here.
Justin: Okay. Okay, well let's go—let's go check it out, then.
Travis: We do, full-on, like, uh, a Looney Tunes sneak.
Griffin: Okay.
Clint: Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum...
Travis: Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum...
Griffin: Do you guys wanna do a full-blown sneak check for me?
Travis: Oh...
Justin: Sure.
Travis: I forgot how the game works!
Justin: I got a 13 plus…
Clint: I'm looking for my sneak―
Travis: It's stealth.
Justin: Stealth. Uhh, 13 plus three, 16.
Travis: I got 14.
Clint: I got four...
Griffin: M'kay.
Travis: Merle!
Griffin: No modifier there?
Justin: Do you have a modifier, dad?
Clint: Not in stealth.
Travis: You clanky bastard.
Clint: I am a big ol' clanky bastard.
Griffin: Uh, Merle just sneezes. Merle just, “Achoo!” No control, no control
over it. It's high pollen season in Goldcliff.
Clint: It's all this grass! It's all the grass.
Griffin: Which is weird, cause you're like a nature cleric, you would
think―anyway, uh, you sneeze. Uh, you hear the activity inside the large
garage kind of stop for a second, and the three of you stand―
Travis: We freeze.
Griffin: ―perfectly still. And then it continues. They continue working
inside.
Clint: Phew.
Griffin: Uh, the three of you creep over to the small garage, uh, trying to
sort of ascertain what's going on. If there is a hole through which to peek
inside of this small garage, you cannot find it. It seems pretty—pretty
impermeable. Um, uh, the garage door is, uh, a thick heavy metal, unlike
the garage doors on the main garage, and it is secured by a padlock that is
like, the size of Merle. Uh, this building is locked the hell down.
Travis: Mmm. See, this, this is whispering. Alright, I'm gonna say it at
normal level so it doesn't throw off my recording, but I am whispering now,
as Magnus.
Griffin: Okay, this will be fun.
Magnus: This sounds like—no. This seems like
this building is where they're keeping some kind of like, prototype enginewagon-thing, right? Seems pretty well-secured.
Taako: Yeah, I—I think you're probably right. Umm… I've never been to a
garage? Before? But, um, your read on it seems good? Merle, what do you—
what do you think?
Merle: Uhh, yeah, but I know our dungeon master pretty well and I think
that if―
Taako: What is a dungeon master?
Merle: I meant, I know that those dungeon bastards, I know―
Taako: Yeah.
Merle: When they design these things…
Taako: Now I'm with you.
Merle: Usually the first thing they want you to look at is the last thing you
wanna look at.
Taako: Can I say something?
Merle: Yeah.
Taako: I'm not even sure… this is kind of a Schrödinger's cat thing. I'm not
even sure it is in there or not in there at this exact moment.
Merle: It won't be in there unless we look in there and see. It doesn't exist!
Taako: Got it.
Griffin: There could be a prototype wagon in there. It could be full of dogs.
Could be just chock, ceiling to floor, full of wild, vicious dogs.
Clint: Or tamable, sweet dogs.
Justin: Do—hey, hey, here's a question. Do any of us, have any sort of like,
lock-picking…
Travis: Nooo.
Justin: … abilities? Like, none, right?
Travis: Man, that would be so great, but no.
Justin: Wow! Wow, would it be great to not have to blast every door open
like I'm Superman.
Travis: So, with my vehicle proficiency, let me tell you what I know about
garages.
Griffin: You che—Travis casts sense vehicles! 
Travis: Let me tell you what I know about garages. My bet is, that one with
all the doors is like the workshop where they like, all work on cars together.
The building with no garages is the office-headquarters-hangout of the gang.
This seems like the place where they keep their like number one rent
winning, uhh, winning-est―
Griffin: Mach five!
Travis: ―uh, wagon.
Justin: So there is a door that does have—that we can see a lock, right?
Griffin: Yeah, it's the size of Merle.
Justin: Okay. Merle, do you have any… anything that'd be like, quiet?
That's—that's my concern.
Clint: Mmm.
Travis: All my shit is loud.
Justin: Yeah, uh, I mean I can do like, um…
Travis: Do you have Alohomora, Justin?
Clint: I do have a spell called Silence. For the duration, no sound can be
created within or pass through a twenty-foot radius sphere centered on a
point you choose within range. What if I cast that at the door and then you
beat the shit out of it?
Justin: Yeah, like he uses the Phantom Fist, uh, uh, lock pick.
Griffin: Okay. I—again, I stressed this the last time we played. Phantom
Fist is not a nuclear bomb.
Travis: A magic card.
Griffin: Right, the Phantom Fist allows you to punch enemies and move
them far away from you, but it—it will not melt steel beams.
Travis: Griffin, I would like to roll a perception check, maybe? Insight
check? To see if Magnus thinks he could chop the lock, given―
Clint: You have to do an insight check to figure out what you’re thinking?
Travis: That's why I said perception. I don't want to just ask the question,
'DM, could I chop the lock?' That seems like cheating.
Griffin: That wouldn't be—that wouldn't be any kind of check. It doesn't, I
mean, it would take some—some doin'.
Justin: Oh, hey!
Travis: And I don't wanna hurt Rail Splitter.
Justin: Wait a minute! I got this. I got this. I got this.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: I cast Clairvoyance. That allows me to put a marker into an, uh, an
obvious location that is unfamiliar to me, such as behind a door, uh, and it
remains in place for the duration. When I cast the spell, I can choose seeing
or hearing, so I'm gonna go with seeing, um, and I can use the chosen
sense through the sensor as if I were in the—in the space. And as an action,
I can switch between seeing and hearing.
Griffin: Oh, that's convenient!
Justin: Yeah, it works out pretty good. So, I'm gonna cast Clairvoyance
behind the door, seeing. Uhh, let me check that spell slot off, 'cause it's a
third level spell. This is like the legit magic here, I'm gonna need to focus.
Taako: Hrmmmm… magic!
Justin: There, I cast it. That's the sound it makes.
Griffin: You whisper—you whisper… “Mmmayagic.”
Taako: Mmmayagic. Prestidigimatation.
Griffin: Grasping onto your magic umbrella, uh, Merle and Magnus, you see
uh, a third eye glowing a bright blue on―
Travis: On his butt.
Griffin: ―on Taako's butt. As he closes his two non-butt eyes. Uh, Taako, you can see, uh…
does your third eye have like, any kind of light vi—dark vision or anything
like that?
Justin: Umm, okay, well so, I can see as though... I can use the sense as
though I were in its place, and I can see in the dark, so, yes.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, then you see, using your infrared vision that's built into
your elven eyes, uh… what looks like... a... tank! It looks like it's a wagon. It
is a battle wagon, but it resembles a tank. A tank, uh, that on the front of it,
has three rows of sharp teeth, uh, and mounted above those teeth are two
gigantic cannons. And then, inside of the 'mouth' of this tank, uh, is a large
grappling hook; a large spiny, very violent-looking grappling hook.
And then above that is the, uh, y'know, driver's cabin, uh, of this tank. And
then, mounted above that, on the roof of this tank, uh, it looks like there is
another sort of shielded compartment. And as you sort of take in this
vehicle, uh, you realize that it—it is a tank shaped battle wagon, but it also
kind of in the shape of a shark.
Justin: I don't know that much about the core thing that I'm looking for.
Would I know enough to know if it's like been installed in this tank, or…
Griffin: Uh, no. You wouldn't know that.
Taako: Well guys, good news, bad news. Bad news? Tank. Good news? Not
dogs!
Magnus: Great. I would say that our next stop is building number three,
the headquarters, because we can hear people in building number one. We
know that there's like, at least more than one.
Justin: Here's what—here's what I think. I think we should go to the other
building and take a look at building number three, right?
Travis: Ooh, send the scuttle bug!
Griffin: No, you don't have it anymore, Travis. Why do you keep bringing
that up?
Clint: Griffin took Scutty away.
Griffin: You took—you took it away from yourself with your actions!
Clint: I don't look at it that way. I loved the Scuttle Buddy!
Griffin: Yeah, we all did. It was very brandable. Did you know I was in the
talks with Hasbro? I was in the talks with Hasbro.
Clint: Hey, speaking of Hasbro, listen, if any of you have like, uh, Hot
Wheels or anything like that, these uh, these battle wagons would be pretty
nifty Christmas presents.
Griffin: Are you asking who makes Hot—you just used our podcast to ask—
I can Siri that for you.
Clint: Oh no no, I don't want that. I'm just saying if there's any―
Griffin: Nobody can respond to you in the podcast and tell you―
Clint: If Mattel is out there, Mattel licensing people… y'know… I'm just
saying.
Griffin: Hey everyone, this is Griffin McElroy, your dungeon master and
your good, good buddy. Thank you for listening to The Adventure Zone,
episode 22, uh, subtitled, 'The McElroys Fight a Bunch of Joe Pescis from
Home Alone.' The Adventure Zone: The Pesci Wars is what this, uh, arc
should've been titled, but I didn't know. I didn't know that this was gonna be
such an important angle.
This week's episode of The Adventure Zone is brought to you by Nature Box.
Nature Box is where you can get tons of great tasting, healthy snacks. They
have tons of snack choices like mini Belgian waffles, strawberry lemonade
fruit stars, sweet and salty nut medley, Asiago cheese crisps, some crazy
shit where they put like, blueberry yogurt up on a pretzel… it's totally great.
Uh, you can get all of that ordered, sent to your house in a discreet box, and
ready for you to chew down on it. It's full of flavor without any of that junk.
And right now, you can enjoy your first box of Nature Box snacks on Nature
Box. If you go to NatureBox.com/Adventure, they'll send you a box with
some samplin's in it, and uh, you'll get to eat it for free and sustain yourself.
There's no such thing as a free lunch, unless you eat this for lunch, 'cause
it's free. Anyway, that's Nature Box. Again, NatureBox.com/Adventure.
Got a few jumbotron messages here. If you want to get a message on the
show, you can go to MaximumFun.org/Jumbotron, and uh, get a spot on this
show, or any of the other fine shows in the Maximum Fun family of products.
This message, though, is for Mikey Person, and it's from Heather Person. I'm
assuming that's their last name, and not some weird self-identification.
Hello, I am Griffin, comma, person. Just kidding, I'm a sentient pizza. It's 
like midnight the night before we're leaving town on our tour, so I'm a little…
gettin' a little sleep silly.
Anyway, Mikey, here is your message from Heather. It reads, “To my
favorite husband, you are my garest vicare—“ Aw, shit. I'm gonna catch a
lot of shit for fuckin' that up. “You are my Garrus Vakarian, and I wanted to
wish you a happy anniversary on our favorite podcast on the cita—I mean,
on the Maximum Fun network. Here's to the rest of our lives, testing your
reach and my flexibility. Sorry this message is so late. I guess we'll have to
change the date of our anniversary.”
 I like that. I like that a lot. Um, you meet us in the middle, and
we'll do our best, and you do our best. It sounds like you've done your best,
'cause it sounds like you two are very much in love with each other. Happy
anniversary, you two.
Got another message here. It's for Brian and Tristan, and it's from Cat and
Gerbil. Cat and Gerbil say, “Mrow! Squeak squeak!” Nah, I'm just kidding.
There's a real message here. Cat and Gerbil say, “Hey, Brian and Tristan.
Happy birthdays from The Adventure Zone! Even though we moved away,
you're still our best friends, and we always love to see you during our
games. Here's hoping for many more years of zany adventures filled with
dungeons, dragons, robots, creepy old ghosts, fuzzy animals, and the gang.”
How did you know? That's the next story arc. It's gonna be full of robots,
creepy old ghosts, and fuzzy animals. But no dungeons or dragons. I have a
very strict anti-dungeon, anti-dragon policy here on The Adventure Zone.
Thank you for writing in, and happy birthdays, Brian and Tristan.
And one more message here! This one is for Jen, and it's from Malcolm, who
says, “I love you lots! Here's to five years of marriage, and many more to
come. Each year we've been together, you have filled in the parts of me I
thought would be missing forever. Congratulations, you solved my heart
puzzle.”
Oh shit, that's great. That's really good. Lot of love on this week's show. It's
such a shame that all of these missives of love had to follow such a grisly 
corpse-hiding, but, well… you take the good, you take the bad, you take
them both, and that's The Adventure Zone. Happy love, Jen and Malcolm.
A few quick announcements for all y'all. We are doing a live, our first ever
live Adventure Zone, during LA PodFest. We're also doing a live My Brother,
My Brother, and Me. If you're gonna be in LA, you can still get tickets to the
festival. There's a ton of really great shows that are gonna be there, like The
Indoor Kids, WTF, and The Giant Bombcast. If you're not gonna be in LA,
you're not gonna be able to make it, it's the weekend of September 18th
through the 20th, I think. I'm checking. Yes!
Uh, if you're not gonna be able to make it, you can stream the whole event.
You can watch all of the shows streaming live, including ours. If you go to
LAPodfest.com, you can get your streaming ticket there. Usually, it'll cost
you 25 bucks, but we can save you five bucks off that if you use the coupon
code 'Zone' when you're checking out. You can save five bucks. It'll help us
out a little bit, too, and you'll be able to watch all the shows live.
They also archive them for a month, so if you can't watch them live, you can
watch them later. So yeah, again, LAPodfest.com, use the coupon code
'Zone.'
Thank you everybody who tweeted about the show using the #TheZoneCast
hash tag. I was gonna introduce another new character in this week's
episode, but we didn't get around to it. But yeah, if you tweet using
#TheZoneCast hash tag, you might end up as a character in the game, like
Captain Captain Bane, or Lieutenant Hurley. Thanks for sharing the show
with all your friends. We don't spend a dime on advertising, so it's the only
way that we have of getting the word out there, so we really, really
appreciate that.
And uh, I think that's it! Go listen to the other Maximum Fun shows. They're
all really terrific. If you're going to PAX this weekend, Justin, Travis and I are
doing My Brother, My Brother, and Me in Seattle on Saturday, and there's
still tickets available for that. You can get them at bit.ly/MBMBaMSeattle. 
We will have another episode up for all y'all on… September the 10th. So we
will talk to you then! Bye!
Taako: So let's check building three, yeah? The um…
Merle: Yeah, let's go. And by the way, you're not the only guy with
Clairvoyance. Hmm!
Taako: Oh, excellent. That's, that's―
Merle: Hmmmm!
Taako: Wonderful. Excellent. Excellent news.
Magnus: I don't have it, ju—I just want to make that—I don't want to like,
try to pull that card later.
Taako: I didn't think it was you.
Merle: Process of elimination. Let's go over to that building, I'll use
Clairvoyance, and we'll see what's in there.
Taako: It's not me, it's not you, it's not Barbara. He's dead. So...
Merle: It's me!
Taako: It's him, yeah.
Griffin: Okay. So you're going over to the other building and now, uh,
Merle, you're going to―
Magnus: This one has windows though...
Griffin: Yeah, I'm glad that somebody pointed that out.
Magnus: I can just like, pop Merle on m'shoulders.
Justin: We actually don't even need to go over there, we can just chill.
Griffin: If you're going to Clairvoyance it?
Justin: Yeah, I mean―
Clint: Well no, but, we don't need to if it there's windows.
Griffin: Yeah, Travis makes a great point.
Justin: Well, that's true. Yeah, it's true.
Clint: Do we have to sneak again?
Griffin: Uhh, no. No. Uh, okay, I like this tableau that Travis has just
suggested of Merle climbing up on Magnus.
Travis: We're going to do a little Musicians of Bremen here.
Griffin: Wha—a what?
Travis: There's like, three people that got that reference and really
appreciated it.
Griffin: I don't think—I feel like that's a liberal estimate.
Travis: The story is this, Griffin. There's some animals, right? And they
want to be musicians, and—
Griffin: Alright alright alright. You're on his shoulders, you're
on his shoulders.
Clint: Alright, I feel like a child at the circus, but okay. Now, am I standing
on his shoulders, or is it like daddy carrying a little boy?
Travis: Eating cotton candy.
Griffin: You are on a Baby Bjorn, on Magnus's chest. Which is weird,
because he is actually higher than you? In this situation.
Clint: Alright, well, let me—let me describe what I see but I'm going to do it
in Griffin's voice.
Griffin: Okay. Uh, you see inside of this building…
Clint: I see. I, I see.
Griffin: I see…
Clint: I'm doing it in your voice.
Griffin: Merle... I'm a poopy pee-pee boy. Wah wah wah, hear me cry, I'm
a poopy baby.
Travis: Got 'em!
Clint: Well, I'm sitting on Travis's shoulders, so...
Griffin: Um, I see, uh, rows of bunk beds with some storage chests at the
foot of each one. Uhh, you see some lewd posters on the wall. Ugh. You see
some dous—I see some doused lanterns all around the room on some endtables, so it looks like your standard issue sort of bunk.
Uhh, and uh, from this window, from this vantage point, you can only see,
uh, two rough looking individuals, uh, asleep. One is across the room from
the window you're looking at. He's on the top bunk. Uh, and then just to
your left, through this—just to my left through this window, uh, you see
another ruffian asleep on the bottom bunk.
Clint: You know, we haven't checked the doors to even see if it's locked.
Travis: Well, we wanted to scope out before we just like walked in. You've
never broken into a place before, Dad?
Clint: They're asleep! They're exhausted from looking at their lewd posters.
Justin: That'll take it out of you, man! That's fair.
Travis: They were practicing their cantrips.
Justin: Uh, well, okay, I try the door. Quietly, though.
Griffin: It is unlocked.
Justin: Okay.
Clint: Let me cast Silence, let me use that Silence.
Justin: Yeah yeah yeah, cast Silence!
Clint: Yeah.
Justin: Well, we don't want to wake them—like, we're gonna have to do a
sneak check, let's just like, not wake them up.
Griffin: So you're just casting Silence inside of this room?
Justin: Yeah. Right, Dad?
Clint: Yeah!
Griffin: Okay. It—it'll encompass most of the room.
Clint: Okay.
Griffin: Um, uh, are you gonna sort of shape it so it doesn't…
Clint: It's a twenty foot radius sphere, so wouldn't that pretty much be the
whole room?
Griffin: Right but if it, if they're inside of that sphere, can they hear you?
Clint: No.
Griffin: Oh, I thought it just—I thought it was like a Ziplock, keeps the
good sounds in, keeps the bad sounds out.
Justin: No, I think it's only silent like―
Clint: No sound can be created within that twenty foot radius.
Griffin: Okay.
Justin: Yeah.
Griffin: Yeah, you drop it inside of uh, just in the middle of the room.
Merle: Of course, that means we can't talk to each other.
Magnus: We've got all of our hand signals, it'll be fine.
Taako: There's been worse things.
Merle: Okay.
Griffin: You drop it in the middle of the room, and sure enough, you hear—
one of the ruffians was just like, sawin' logs, like… Like
really, really bad. Uh, and that just disappears. Umm, so either he has just
suddenly died, which means another trip back to Cliff City, uh, or your silent
spell has activated in its intended way.
Clint: Or I cured his sleep apnea.
Griffin: Yep!
Travis: In all of these bunks, is there one that looks like, “Oh, that's the
main dude's bunk.”
Griffin: It's hard to see anything. Are you looking for the most lewd poster?
Travis: No, I'm looking to see if there's anywhere where like, where there
might be a diary or a key hung on a hook, or...
Griffin: Dear diary―
Travis: Something.
Griffin: “Dear diary, jammed it again to these totally rad
posters.”
Justin: “Dear Mother, thank you, again, for the totally
lewd, crude, and rude poster of the babes.”
Clint: “They're quite scintillating. Thank you, mama.”
Justin: “You know the way to my libido, mama.”
Travis: Augh!
Justin: “Let it be said otherwise.”
Travis: “You know my love of half-orc, half-centaur
women.”
Griffin: Um. There is one chest that is open. And inside, you can see, uh,
some—some roughshod-looking clothing. Uh…
Justin: One chest that is open other than Barbara's, you mean?
Griffin: Uh, but yeah. That is the situation in here. You can start
overturning these chests if you want. It's gonna be quiet.
Magnus: I'm—yeah, fine. Why restra―why restrain ourselves now?
Taako: Let's go hog wild.
Griffin: Okay, you start popping chests open. It seems like most of these—
Travis: We're throwing clothes in the air like the Great Gatsby. Everybody's
just like, “Wheee!”
Griffin: Yeah, yeah, you're not finding any like valuables, you're not finding
the core, but you are finding, like, a lot of clothing that kind of almost seems
like a―like a Hammerhead uniform almost?
Taako: Hell yes.
Magnus: One might say, a disguise?
Griffin: There are leather jackets with a badass looking shark on the back
of it.
Travis: I take three of those.
Justin: Do we have―are there enough components in here that we could
cobble together something that uh, approximating uh, a uniform or a
disguise for each of the three of us?
Griffin: Yeah, maybe slap a little bit of grease paint on, y'know, your parts,
and you could probably pass for a, pass for a, uh, a Hammerhead.
Justin: I do that.
Travis: I do that.
Clint: I sure hope one of these uniforms has short pants.
Griffin: Uh, yeah there's actually a dwarven uniform. You can get―so all
three of you―
Travis: You're not the only dwarf in the world!
Griffin: Yeah. So the three of you are all uh, dressin' up?
Clint: Yeah.
Travis: Montaaage!
Griffin: The three of you, uh... Yeah, I'm gonna definitely put
some like, uh, 80's synth pop under here as the three of you do each other's
makeup and uh, try―
Travis: Step out as everybody like, crosses their arms and shakes their
head and we go back and try a different hat on.
Clint: Oh yeah. Yeah.
Griffin: You chase each other around, uh―
Clint: Oh, go with 'Girls Just Want To Have Fun'! That would be perfect.
Griffin: Well it would be...
Clint: If we can get―if we can get Captain Lou Albano to come out of the―
Justin: We can't get the rights.
Clint: The grave...
Justin: The rights, we gotta...
Griffin: Okay, but yeah, the three of you come out of the bunk, fully
decked out in Hammerhead gear.
Justin: Cool.
Travis: Okay.
Taako: Uh, should we away to, uh, building one?
Magnus: One? Yeah.
Taako: Yeah.
Magnus: That seems like the only building left.
Taako: Yeah. Of the three, it's definitely the one we haven't looked at.
Clint: Hey, can we have caps? Can we have really cool caps?
Griffin: What kind of caps?
Clint: Y'know like ball caps on our heads. Y'know, something really neat.
Has like a shark on it.
Travis: Oh, I want like a cappy hat.
Griffin: No, there's no―one of―yeah, one of you is wearing a fedo―
Travis: A bowler!
Clint: Well, I was thinking if we had a hat, that way, it would help disguise
our features.
Justin: Yeah, do we have hats?
Griffin: There are hats, but they're―unfortunately, it's only fedoras.
Justin: Ohh no.
Griffin: So you're gonna go check out big garage?
Clint: Let's check out big garage.
Justin: Let's check it out.
Griffin: Uh, how are you gonna do that? Are you gonna just waltz right in,
are you gonna peek through the door? What are you doing?
Clint: Well, in our disguises―
Travis: Now, Magnus believes the way to infiltrate anything in disguise is
with confidence.
Justin: Yeah for sure, let's just walk right in the front door.
Clint: Act like we belong there.
Justin: Act like we belong. Act like we've been there before. That's what I
say.
Griffin: Okay. The three of you, uh, waltz right into the, uh, open door of
the―
Justin: Wait, are there windows?
Griffin: Uh, there are no windows. No, there's just―
Justin: It would just be more suspicious to peep in windows, I think.
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: That's true.
Clint: Well, here's what we do. We walk in and we're all singing Greased
Lightning.
Justin: Oh, that's good, like the T-Birds.
Clint: Yeah, yeah. Greased Lightning!
Justin: That's how that goes. No question about that.
Clint: They will welcome us with open, greasy arms.
Griffin: Uh, the three of you walk into, uh, this room singing, uh, show
tunes, uh, and everyone inside this building looks at you and kills you. No,
they look at you, and interrupt―you interrupt the hard work that's going on.
The hard automotive work. Uh, they look at you for a second. You stand
perfectly still. 
Taako: Hey, guys, these―these are the new
recruits. I'm walking―I'm showin 'em around the place. Just go about your
business, don't worry about it.
Griffin: They all look at you in stunned silence. And they get back
to work, working on their cars.
Justin: Yeah!
Travis: We did it!
Clint: Yeah!
Travis: We solved the puzzle!
Clint: We solved your 'guys looking at us' puzzle.
Griffin: Inside of this room, uh, you see... uh, there are a few people in
here. Uh, there are two of these ruffians wearing these Hammerhead
uniforms that are working on a much smaller battlewagon than the, uh, the
one that you clairvoyantly saw inside of that garage, Taako. Altogether,
there are three battle wagons in this room, one of which is sort of suspended
in the air on those, uh, that lift platform that they have in garages
sometimes. So you got two ruffians working on one car.
Uh, you have, uh, one ruffian, uh, who looks, uh, considerably cleaner than
the others, who's sitting at a desk, going over some paperwork. Uh, he was
definitely giving you the most side eye as you came in. Uh, there is―there
are two other, two more ruffians, so four total and the clean one. The other
two ruffians are in the corner, and they are holding clubs, and they are,
um… they're messing with a, um, a sixth figure in this room.
This sixth figure is not wearing the Hammerhead uniform. They are pretty
gigantic, and they are sort of covered in this burlap crude cloth outfit. They
are chained to a chair. And they are wearing this full metal helmet, uh, that
is just sort of completely encapsulating their head. But these two ruffians
are just sort of giving this―this uh, captured figure, uh, a really rough time.
There is scrap, just piles of scrap lying all over. Uh, and uh, yeah. That is the
situation. The ruffian sitting at the desk stands up and says—uh, so Taako,
are you still disguised as Little―Little Jerry?
Justin: I am, yes.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: I want everyone to know that when Magnus sees this figure getting
beaten up, it's really hard for him not to like, run over there and stop 'em.
Griffin: Oh, uh, one of―
Travis: It's like, very upsetting to him.
Griffin: One of the two guys that's beating up this figure is Regular
Jerreeeeee. The one that Magnus chased inside.
Clint: Oooh.
Griffin: And Regular Jerreeeeee sees―sees Magnus and yells across the
room…
Regular Jerreeeeee: Why didn't you wait at the door? Little Jerry, I was
gonna take care of this, I was just sort of puttin 'em on―puttin 'em on ice.
Keepin 'em in the freezer, see if he really wanted it.
Taako: Look, we've recruited him. Now we got our own
like, holy man. It's gotta be good luck, right?
Regular Jerreeeeee: I guess that would be fun. We could do like, church
services and stuff here?
Taako: Yeah!
Regular Jerreeeeee: On Sundays?
Travis: I would like to try and ingratiate myself, using my vehicle
proficiency.
Griffin: M'kay.
Travis: To look underneath the suspended cart and give some sort of
insight that they're like, “Oh, he knows his shit”.
Griffin: Okay, but I'm not gonna let you just say that, you're gonna have to
do it, because I want to hear it.
Travis: I just don't know what that roll is.
Griffin: Okay, so while, uh, Regular Jerreeeeee is talking to this guy at the
desk like…
Regular Jerreeeeee: So yeah, these uh, these are the new guys. They
came here. Whaddya think?
Griffin: And the clean guy goes…
Clean Guy: Yeah, I don't know, I feel like maybe it's not time really for us
to expand. You know, I'm not looking to split our winnings any more than we
already have. I don't know what these two guys can bring to the table.
Except for a little bit of divinity, in the short one's case.
Magnus: I see here that you've got your suspension connected
counterclockwise. You know, if you do that in a counterclockwise clockwise
motion, so that each one is interacting with the other one independently,
you're gonna get much better handling.
Griffin: Uh, Regular Jerreeeeee says…
Regular Jerreeeeee: What the hell are you talking about?
Taako: Listen to this guy. That makes perfect sense to me,
another person who knows about cars!
Regular Jerreeeeee: You see―
Taako: Wagons.
Regular Jerreeeeee: You see, I don't even understand how something can
be counter-clockwise and clockwise in the same sort of orientation. Why
don't you do it?
Magnus: Oh, you need to put a second set of gears so that
each one is moving independently instead of one driving force driving both
of them at the same time.
Griffin: The guy sitting at the desk goes…
Clean Guy: Double gears?! Of course! Why didn't we think of that?
Taako: See, what'd I tell you? He's a real genius. A real
Ein-stink.
Clean Guy: I wanna see you―can you pop-pop-pop the suspension out in
the way that you're suggesting? I wanna see if uh, I wanna see how it
actually works. Can you do that for me?
Magnus: Oh, of course. Hand me that set of gears―no, the eight teeth.
Yes.
Griffin: I can't tell where the fake stuff starts and the real stuff begins,
'cause I don't know anything—
Travis: I'm vehicle proficient! I know what the fuck I'm
talking about.
Griffin: Okay.
Travis: So I'm under there and I'm doing some shit. And I'm workin' on it.
Justin: And I say to Jerreeeeee, I say, while he's doing this, I say…
Taako: Hey, listen, you know, uh, this guy is real sharp. We
should show him the, uh, the core after this. See what he, uh, makes of
that, huh?
Regular Jerreeeeee: Uh, yeah, I mean, I guess. Sure, if he's this
proficient with vehicles I'm sure he's seen, uh, an arcane core before.
Travis: And I finish.
Regular Jerreeeeee: Oh my god! This guy is like some sort of wagon
Houdini! He's a―a Honda Merlin.
Griffin: As you are showing off your proficiency, this―this chained-up
figure has just been sort of looking at the floor, dejected. Uh, and it looks
up, and you can actually see two eye holes are cut into this, uh, full metal
helmet.
Justin: Aw, crap.
Griffin: And he sees the three of you. Or should I say, he sees the two of
you and Taako disguised as Little Jerry. And from inside of his mask, you
hear him go…
Clint: And then he poops.
Griffin: And he starts to shake and… he poops. He might poop. He's very
angry. He―he's shaking, he's rattling his chains, he's moving, trying to get
out of his uh, his bindings.
Justin: As near as I can tell, have I ever seen this cat before?
Griffin: I mean, his―his whole head is encased in metal and he's―
Justin: I know, but there's, like, other—people have other body parts. I'm
just asking if he―if the sound, or if I recognize him as someone we have run
into before.
Griffin: Uhh, it's gonna be hard to say. I will say, the only thing you can
sort of see other than this like, burlap jumpsuit, uh, through the eyeholes, it
almost looks like he's like… kinda hirsute. He's kinda hairy in there.
Travis: I don't know, is that somebody we know?
Griffin: But he is freaking the hell out. Uh, and uh, Regular Jerreeeeee
goes, uh…
Regular Jerreeeeee: Yo, calm down!
Griffin: And he hits him with a club. And he passes out, it seems like.
Taako: Yeah, calm down!
Justin: And then I hit him in the stomach. Not hard though, I kinda pull it.
Griffin: And uh, the guy sitting at the desk goes…
Clean Guy: Hey hey hey! Cool it, hey, okay. Let's not go crazy, okay?
Taako: Hey, this guy pooped himself, I'm gonna take him
outside and change him. There's no reason you guys should have to see
that.
Clean Guy: I think he'll be fine. I think we can let him stew. I wanna talk to
these two.
Taako: Great, let's live in this stink. This is cool. Cool day!
Cool garage! You know, my problem with the garage though is it smells so
good. Now, it just—now we're really are fixin' that up with a poop stink.
Clean Guy: I don't know what—I don't know what to—listen, we'd have to
unchain him, he could fight us. I'm not interested in that. It's real hard to
get this guy in his bindings. And then it's gonna be hard until we can,
y'know, indoctrinate him, get him working for us. But once he does, oh boy. 
God. I'm real excited about the possibilities that this guy's bringing to the
table.
Clint: I'm gonna ask a question.
Merle: Hey, who's the guy in the metal helmet?
Regular Jerreeeeee: Uh, let's just call him a rare import. We, uh… we
managed to secure him out of state and bring him in. It's not exactly on the
books, uh, but we paid a pretty penny for him. And, uh, I think he's, uh… I
think he's gonna pay out big dividends out on the track.
Travis: Hey, DM?
Griffin: Yeah.
Travis: Just out of clarity, so I can write it down, is he like, human-sized,
ogre-sized…
Griffin: He is humanoid, um, but he's about, uh, seven feet tall? Uh, big,
big, and burly.
Justin: Oh my god, I know who it is. It's the bugbear. It's
the bugbear!
Clint: What's a bugbear?
Travis: It's my hugbear.
Justin: His hugbear!
Travis: It's Klaarg!
Justin: Klaarg! It's Klaarg!
Griffin: You see a single tear run out of the eyeholes in this full metal
helmet.
Travis: I'm gonna have to punch.
Griffin: Just real quick before I let you go, I did want to shout out one
more time to my main man, Nature Box. Nature Box is where you
can order hundreds of great tasting, healthy snacks. If you go to
NatureBox.com/Adventure, you can sign up for a free sampler box of great
tasting, healthy snacks.
Next episode's up on Thursday, September 10th, and I will talk to you then.

